Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4287 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 2018 No. 84 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URTIS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 22, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN R. C
URTIS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 10:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
IMPROVE ANIMAL WELFARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, shooting swimming caribou from a mo-torboat, bear baiting, dogs for black bears, using artificial light, shooting wolf pups and bear cubs in their dens are outrageous practices that were banned under a 2015 rule from the Obama administration, which the Trump administration has now an-nounced that it seeks to reverse. This is absolutely outrageous. Our national parks and reserves have always had special status, and the Trump administration wants to roll that back, essentially making them into game parks. It is important for people to reflect on what this means. Think about what goes on in Yosem-ite National Park or Yellowstone Na-tional Park. Would that experience be enriched by having these extreme hunting tactics to eliminate some of the top-line predators to be able to have more things to hunt? Absolutely not. Three hundred million people a year visit these national parks, and the draw is the wildlife. National parks without animals is just scenery. Mr. Speaker, it is important that people focus on why this is such an out-rageous policy. These are low-density animals with low reproductive rates. In Alaska, there is no conflict with live-stock. They have very little inter-action with people, other than the peo-ple who want to see them. Mr. Speaker, it is wrong on three fundamental levels. First of all, it is just wrong. All ani-mals suffer, and hunting them down with these extreme methods is cruel and is repugnant to virtually all Amer-icans. It is wrong ecologically. For millions of years, we have seen these animals co-exist, and the national parks—like Yosemite or what is happening in Alas-ka—are some of the few places where that ecological balance continues to work. Human beings cannot improve upon it; they can only damage that delicate balance. It is also wrong economically. The economic impact for gateway commu-nities, for these 300 million tourists, is profound. If we are going to turn these national treasures simply into game parks, hunting preserves, they are going to lose their allure, the economic impact will be dramatically dimin-ished, as well as upsetting the ecologi-cal balance, and the fact that it is mor-ally wrong. What we should be doing, in this Con-gress, is raising our voices in outrage over the latest attempt by the Trump administration to roll back sensible, commonly supported protections. And while we are at it, not just raising our voices, but maybe taking some action on the floor of this House on animal protection. We have the animal cruelty PACT Act that has 282 cosponsors, which could be on the floor Monday. The House Republican leadership has re-fused to act on the PACE Act, the Par-ity in Animal Cruelty Enforcement Act, which just got 359 votes on the floor of the House with an amendment. Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act, 246 cosponsors. The Pet and Women Safety Act, 248 cosponsors. The Shark Finning Prohibition Act, 238 co-sponsors. The Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemembers, providing service animals for our veterans, has a majority of sponsors in the House of Representatives. Why can’t the Republican leadership allow us to debate and pass these provi-sions to improve animal welfare and add our voices to the latest outrage of the Trump administration in its as-sault on our animal friends? f 
2020 CENSUS AND ILLEGAL ALIENS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to defend Alabama citi-zens’ right to fair representation and equal apportionment under the United States Constitution. In some recent censuses, the Census Bureau counted illegal aliens, and indi-cations are they will count illegal aliens again in the 2020 census. This po-tentially illegal practice puts Alabama at significant risk of losing a congres-sional seat when the 2020 census re-apportionment occurs for the 2022 elec-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.000 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4288 May 22, 2018 
For this reason, the State of Ala-bama and I have filed suit in Federal District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama against the United States Department of Commerce and the Census Bureau to require them to exclude illegal aliens when they con-duct the 2020 census. Specifically, the State of Alabama and I challenge the legality of the De-partment of Commerce’s residence rule, which counts everyone, including illegal aliens, in America’s population count. If the roughly 15 million illegal aliens in America—no one knows for sure how many there are—were dis-persed throughout the United States in equal proportion to each State’s popu-lation, then no State would be dis-advantaged in congressional represen-tation and this discrimination issue would be moot. However, the difference in illegal alien population between States is dra-matic. According to Department of Homeland Security 2014 estimates, 46 percent of America’s illegal aliens live in just three States. California, with the greatest concentration of illegal aliens, estimated at 2.9 million, has roughly four more Congressmen due to apportionment that counts illegal aliens. Reapportionment of House seats and electoral votes is a zero-sum propo-sition: one State’s gain is another State’s loss. With an estimated 65,000 illegal aliens, Alabama citizens, and citizens of many other States as well, lose proportional representation be-cause of various open borders policies of some States. The exact effects of the illegal alien population on the apportionment of Congressmen is complex based on the Method of Equal Proportions formula that is used to minimize the percent-age difference in population per Con-gressman. But one thing is clear: Simulations of the apportionment process, using cur-rent population projections, suggest Alabama is at great risk of losing a congressional seat if the Census Bureau counts illegal aliens. As with anything in the United States Constitution, the census should be read, understood, and strictly ad-ministered according to its original in-tent. The 14th Amendment protects the rights of citizens to fair and equal rep-resentation. Any deviation in this process threatens the right of each American citizen to fair and equal rep-resentation in Congress. We cannot allow a small number of States to cheat the rest of America by promoting illegal immigration and then, as a reward for their lawless con-duct, to receive greater proportional representation in Congress and the electoral college. Mr. Speaker, the question is clear: Should congressional representation be based on the number of American citi-zens or expanded to include the number of illegal aliens? I cannot speak for anyone else in Washington, D.C., but for me. And, as for me, I side with American citizens, not illegal aliens and illegal conduct. America is a Republic, and the es-sence of being a Republic is respect for the right of American citizens to equal protection and equal influence over congressional elections. Any attempt by the Census Bureau to undermine American citizens’ equal protection and equal influence over congressional elections must be op-posed. That is exactly what the State of Alabama and I are doing by filing this action on behalf of Alabama citi-zens. 
f 
NO MORE MOMENTS OF SILENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, Glen-da Perkins; Cynthia Tisdale; Kimberly Vaughan; Shana Fisher; Angelique Ramirez; Christian Riley Garcia; Jared Black; Sabika Sheikh; Christopher Jake Stone; and Aaron Kyle McLeod. Mr. Speaker, those are the 10 names of the people killed at Santa Fe High School in Texas last Friday. Two were teachers; eight were students. All were violently torn away from their loved ones and their pathways to bright fu-tures way too soon. As usual, the elected officials have expressed that their thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families, but we all know by now that more is needed than a moment of si-lence, because the silence of law-makers, especially those here in the House of Representatives, kills: 58 killed in Las Vegas, Nevada; 27 killed in Newtown, Connecticut; 14 killed in San Bernardino, Cali-fornia; 17 killed in Parkland, Florida; 4 at a Waffle House in Tennessee; 26 at a church in Texas; 49 at a nightclub in Florida; 6 at a Cracker Barrel in Michigan; and 9 at Mother Emanuel Church in South Carolina. The gunmen—and they were almost all men or boys—had different motives or motivations, including crime, rac-ism, terrorism, revenge, and seeking notoriety, which they got. And they all had access to weapons and bullets that could kill scores of hu-mans in just moments. For the most part, of the only thing the victims had in common was that they were killed by bullets. The Washington Post reported that the number of people killed in schools in 2018, this year, is almost double the number of servicemen and -women killed in our military in both combat and noncombat fatalities. And this coming weekend, just like clockwork, as America honors fallen servicemembers on Memorial Day, Chi-cago—my city—will see a deadly toll. Fifty-two people were shot over the Memorial Day weekend last year, and that was actually down from the pre-vious year, 2016, when 71 people were shot in my city. There will probably be no national special reports or wall-to-wall news coverage, because when 50 or 75 people of color are shot in an American city over a weekend, it barely makes the news; unless the NRA or FOX News use my beloved Chicago and her tough gun laws as a way of giving political cov-erage to politicians, while failing to point out that the loopholes and weak gun laws in Indiana, Virginia, and other States feed illegal guns into my city. And we should note that the NRA is now run by someone whose claim to fame—Oliver North—is that he lied to Congress, perjured himself, and sold guns to our country’s enemies. And they claim to be on the side of law and order? So, the result is political paralysis, societal paralysis, and actual, perma-nent paralysis as the butcher’s bill of dead and wounded grows and grows. When I came here in 1993, we had hope and optimism that we could cut crime and reduce the number of guns on our streets. But despite the drop in crime, all of our efforts to reduce the number of guns on our streets, in our houses, in our schools, and in our churches have been thwarted by the gun manufacturers. The assault weapons ban, I voted for and worked for, was here until it was killed by politics. The crime gun bill I wrote would work by reducing the availability and manufacture of the cheap, concealable handguns most often used in gun crimes, but it will never get a vote in this House of Representatives. See, we have established a school-to- coroner pipeline in this country that will persist until the American people arm their politicians to do something about it. But I fear the profit motive of the gun manufacturers and the politi-cians they own, got in their pocket, is greater than the will of the American people to take on and tame our run-away love affair with bullets. b1015 Mr. Speaker, it takes good people without guns working with good people who own guns to keep guns out of the hands of people who will use them to kill other people. It is not that we do not know what works, because we do. Waiting periods, background checks, trigger and gun locks, restrictions on the sales of guns can all be effective in reducing suicide, murder, and accidental death by fire-arms. We are not lacking the way. We are only lacking the will to overcome the deeply entrenched, highly profitable industry that thrives on fear, mistrust, inequality, racism, misogyny, and trib-alism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.003 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4289 May 22, 2018 
We cannot afford another moment of silence, because silence kills. What we need is a moment of action to save the American people from killing them-selves with American guns and Amer-ican bullets. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this list of moments of silence observed in the House since the Newtown shoot-ing. It is compiled by the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force. There are 43 of them, moments of silence, and nothing done to save the American people from the gun lobby and the NRA. 
MOMENTS OF SILENCE OBSERVED ON THE  H
OUSE FLOOR RELATED TO GUNVIOLENCE  December 14, 2012—May 21, 2018 Date, Topic of Moment of Silence. 12/17/12, Moment of Silence in Memory of Victims of Connecticut Shooting. 2/27/13, Chardon 1-Year Anniversary. 3/6/13, Honoring the Lives of Sergeant Loran ‘‘Butch’’ Baker and Detective Eliza-beth Butler. 7/19/13, Aurora Remembrance. 7/24/13, Moment of Silence in Memory of Of-ficer Jacob J. Chestnut and Detective John M. Gibson. 9/17/13, Moment of Silence in Tribute to the 12 Navy Yard Shooting Victims. 1/8/14, Moment of Silence on Anniversary of Shooting Victims in Tucson, Arizona. 4/3/14, Moment of Silence and Prayer for the Fort Hood Shooting Victims, their Fami-lies, and the Community. 5/28/14, Moment of Silence in Memory of the Victims of the Santa Barbara, California, Tragedy. 6/9/14, Moment of Silence to Honor the Vic-tims of the June 8, 2014, Las Vegas Shooting. 6/10/14, Moment of Silence for Victims of Reynolds High School Shooting. 7/22/14, Domestic Violence. 7/24/14, Moment of Silence in Memory of Of-ficer Jacob J. Chestnut and Detective John M. Gibson. 7/30/14, Moment of Silence for Victims of Clackamas Mall Shooting. 11/20/14, Moment of Silence for the Victims at Marysville-Pilchuck High School. 1/8/15, Moment of Silence on Tucson Shoot-ings’ 4-Year Anniversary. 5/12/15, Moment of Silence In Honor of Offi-cers Liquori Tate and Benjamin Deen of Hat-tiesburg, Mississippi. 6/23/15, Moment of Silence For Victims of Shooting at Emanuel AME Church, Charles-ton, South Carolina. 7/21/15, Moment of Silence For Servicemembers Killed in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee. 7/27/15, Moment of Silence for Lafayette Shooting Victims. 9/8/2015, Moment of Prayer for Allison Parker and Adam Ward (Roanoke). 9/10/15, Moment of Silence Honoring Dep-uty Darren Goforth, Harris County Sheriffs Office. 10/6/2015, Moment of Silence Honoring Vic-tims of Umpqua Community College Trag-edy. 12/2/2015, Moment of Silence Honoring Vic-tims of Colorado Springs Shooting. 12/16/2015, Moment of Silence Honoring Vic-tims of the San Bernardino Terrorist Act. 1/8/2016, Moment of Silence Remembering the Fifth Anniversary of the Shooting in Ar-izona. 2/23/2016, Moment of Silence For the Vic-tims of Kalamazoo Shootings. 3/1/2016, Moment of Silence for the Victims of Kansas Shootings. 6/14/2016, Moment of Silence for the Vic-tims of the Orlando Shooting. 7/8/2016, Moment of Silence for the Victims of the Dallas Shooting. 1/5/2017, Moment of Silence to Commemo-rate Sixth Anniversary of Shooting in Tuc-son. 1/9/2017, Moment of Silence for Law En-forcement Officer Killed on Law Enforce-ment Officer Day (*includes same shooting). 1/9/2017, Moment of Silence in Recognition of Victims of the Two Most Recent Tragedies in Ft Lauderdale and Orlando (*includes same shooting). 1/9/2017, Moment of Silence Honoring Law Enforcement Officers Killed in Orlando (*includes same shooting). 2/27/2017, Moment of Silence in Remem-brance of Kansas Shooting Victims. 4/5/2017, Moment of Silence Remembering Virginia Tech Victims. 7/18/2017, Moment of Silence Honoring Offi-cer Miosotis Familia and State Trooper Joel Davis. 7/24/2017, Moment of Silence in Memory of Officer Jacob J. Chestnut and Detective John M. Gibson. 10/2/2017, Moment of Silence in Memory of the Victims of the Attack in Las Vegas. 11/6/2017, Moment of Silence in Memory of the Victims of the Attack in Sutherland Springs, TX. 1/8/2018, Moment of Silence Commemo-rating Seventh Anniversary of the Shooting in Tucson, Arizona. 1/29/2018, Moment of Silence Honoring Mar-shall County High School Shooting Victims. 2/26/2018, Moment of Silence Honoring Those Killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. 3/13/2018, Moment of Silence for the Three Victims of Gun Violence at the Veterans Home of California-Yountville. 4/25/2018, Moment of Silence for Fallen Gilchrest Law Enforcement Officers. 4/26/2018, Moment of Silence for the Vic-tims and Hero of Waffle House Mass Shoot-ing. f 
LET US REMEMBER THE FALLEN THIS MEMORIAL DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, many of us in this House will attend Memorial Day ceremonies over the weekend. I actually had four over this past weekend. I was privi-leged and honored to be there as we honor those who have died in the serv-ice of this great Nation to defend our rights and our liberties. Observed on the last Monday of May, Memorial Day is one of America’s most solemn occasions. The traditional Me-morial Day dates back to 1864, in Boalsburg, Pennsylvania, not too far from my home in Centre County, Penn-sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, as the birthplace of Memorial Day. Three ladies decorated the graves of fallen Civil War soldiers, and the cus-tom has continued every year since then. Boalsburg still puts on a traditional Memorial Day celebration complete with a parade, a community walk to the cemetery, speeches, military enact-ments, and much more. On Memorial Day, communities across the country will pay tribute to our fallen veterans who never returned home. Many of us will gather with fam-ily members and friends and neighbors as we keep those we lost in our hearts. So as we raise the Stars and Stripes, as we lay wreaths at monuments, me-morials, and cemeteries, let us remem-ber that our freedom is thanks to those who died and served in sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, Memorial Day weekend also marks the ninth year that the Na-tional Endowment of the Arts and Blue Star Families begins Blue Star Muse-ums. This program provides free admis-sion to our Nation’s Active-Duty mili-tary personnel this summer from Me-morial Day weekend through Labor Day weekend of 2018. This is an initiative of the National Endowment of the Arts in collabora-tion with Blue Star Families, the De-partment of Defense, and more than 2,000 museums nationwide, including children’s museums, fine art museums, history and science museums, zoos, and nature centers. Blue Star Museums are one way our Nation’s museums can express appre-ciation to our military for their service and share with them America’s cul-tural treasures. Blue Star Museums also provide a way for military fami-lies to feel connected to their commu-nity, especially for those families that have recently relocated through a change of station. Blue Star Families build commu-nities that support military families by connecting research and data to pro-grams and solutions, including career development tools, local community events for families, and caregiver sup-port. Since 2009, Blue Star Families have engaged tens of thousands of vol-unteers and served more than 1.5 mil-lion military family members. Mr. Speaker, Blue Star Families will be celebrating with every American this weekend as we commemorate Me-morial Day in honor of so many who are no longer with us. May God bless them, and may God bless the United States of America. 
f 
I WILL NOT GO ALONG TO GET ALONG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again I rise as a person who loves this country. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a person who refuses to go along to get along. I rise as a person who will speak truth to power and truth about power. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, because in our country, our children are being murdered in schools. Our children are prognosticating that eventually it will come to the school that they happen to attend. Our children are concerned about their safety in what should be one of the safest places for them on Earth: the schools that they attend. I rise, Mr. Speaker, because there are parents who have sent their children to school and never have had them to come home again. I rise because these parents are suffering, because our Na-tion is suffering. There is great pain within the population. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.005 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4290 May 22, 2018 
People of goodwill understand that we must do more than have moments of silence, words of prayer, expressions of condolences. People expect those of us who have been elected to the Con-gress of the United States of America to do what they sent us here to do, that is, have legislation brought to the floor, allow for some debate, and then take a vote. It is expected that we would vote on the legislation that is pending. We have more than 100 pieces of leg-islation dealing with gun safety pend-ing before the House, and it is not being acted upon. I rise to ask, Mr. Speaker, that you bring this legislation to the floor of the House of Representatives so that the people can express their voices, can ex-press their concerns, can take their po-sitions by and through their legiti-mately elected Representatives. It is time, Mr. Speaker, for you to act, for you to bring the legislation to the floor so that we may vote on it. If there is someone who truly be-lieves that the solution to this vio-lence, to this killing, to these murders, if there is someone who believes that the solution is a good guy with a gun, put that solution into legislation, Mr. Speaker, and let’s vote on whether the solution is a good guy with a gun. Mr. Speaker, I will not go along to get along. Mr. Speaker, you have indicated that you won’t be returning to Congress. Well, Mr. Speaker, if you are not going to do your job, if you are not going to bring legislation to the floor—by the way, all of it, not Democratic legisla-tion, not Republican legislation. This is not about Democrats; it is not about Republicans. This is about our chil-dren, who are being murdered in schools. If you are not going to bring that leg-islation to the floor, you ought to just step aside. This is bigger than you. It is bigger than all of us. It is about our children and how they are being mur-dered in schools. It is time to take the courage that has been embedded within your soul and your constitution and bring that legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I speak truth to power. I speak truth about power. There is a problem. Mr. Speaker, you are the problem. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER LANCE WHITAKER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Officer Lance Whitaker, who was killed in the early morning hours on May 15, 2018, while responding to a police call for service. Officer Whitaker began his law en-forcement career with the Atlantic Beach Police Department in Florida. He then joined the Jacksonville Sher-iff’s Office and has since served the city of Jacksonville faithfully for 17 years. Officer Whitaker was known among his fellow officers for his kind heart, and he had a very contagious smile. It was clear to those around him that he loved his job and he believed in what he was doing. Outside of work, Officer Whitaker was known as a proud father and fam-ily man. He is survived by his 14-year- old son, Cade Whitaker. Just 3 weeks ago, I attended the re-dedication of the Fallen Officers Me-morial Wall in Jacksonville, where we had the chance to remember and cele-brate the lives of 61 men who have died protecting our city. Tragically, an-other name now must be added to that wall. Today, I join the northeast Florida community to mourn the loss of Officer Whitaker. His service to the First Coast will never be forgotten, and my thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily, friends, and all of the JSO family, and I thank them for their sacrifice on behalf of a grateful city. Ralph Waldo Emerson once said: ‘‘The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you lived and lived well.’’ Officer Whitaker lived well. He did his job honorably and compassionately. He dedicated his life to his community, and he made a difference in the lives of many. Officer Whitaker lived his life well. RECOGNIZING RIVER CITY SCIENCE ACADEMY FOR  
OUTSTANDING SUCCESS  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate River City Science Academy of Jacksonville, Florida, for winning the State championship in the Science Olympiad and for their excel-lent representation in the national competition that took place in Fort Collins, Colorado, on May 19, 2018. This remarkable achievement was the first time a school from Duval County has won the State competition, and I couldn’t be more proud of the students, teachers, and parents who came to-gether to achieve this outstanding vic-tory. My district is home to some of the brightest students in the country, and the academic excellence of the River City Science Academy is just more proof of the robust STEM programs that we facilitate back home. STEM education is so important in a highly competitive, technologically driven economy, and I am thankful for the educators who dedicate their lives to training the next scientists, mathe-maticians, and engineers. Congratulations once again to the River City Science Academy for lead-ing the way, and I look forward to hearing of their many successes in the years to come. TRIBUTE TO COACH CHARLES BERRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a legend in Arkansas high school basketball. Charles Berry, one of the State’s most successful coaches, is retiring this year after 57 years on the court. He is an Arkansas native, grew up in Huntsville, served in the United States Air Force, and returned home to begin a remarkable career as a teacher and coach, the last 50 years at his alma mater, Huntsville High School, in the gymnasium that now bears his name. The numbers speak for themselves: 1,367 career wins; 14 conference cham-pionships; six regional championships; two State titles, two times as a runner- up. He is a six-time Arkansas All-Star coach, and in 2007 was named the Na-tional Coach of the Year in girls bas-ketball. His 2016 induction into the Ar-kansas High School Coaches Associa-tion Hall of Fame was automatic. His legacy as a coach is understood, but he is more than a coach. Charlie is a respected and dedicated mentor, edu-cator, and person. He is simply one of the best. Thank you, Charlie, for your many years of service to your community, and happy retirement, my friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, FIREFIGHTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize approximately 60 firefighters in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, who recently graduated from the national certification program. These brave men and women satisfac-torily completed the Firefighter One training program offered by the Bucks County Public Safety Training Center. I would like to commend these fire-fighters for the work they do to protect and serve our community, selflessly putting their lives on the line on a reg-ular basis. Recently, Firefighter Tim Pristatskiy of the Trevose Fire Com-pany ran into a burning house in Lower Southampton to look for victims. With the compromised structure of the house, the second floor collapsed and Tim fell through. Despite the odds, Tim suffered no injuries, thankfully, and he is back serving on the force. Mr. Speaker, it is crucial that we honor our firefighters, like Tim, for the brave work they do in protecting the lives of our loved ones and our own. We truly owe them a debt of gratitude. b1030 
RECOGNIZING BOB DUAIME  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a resident of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4291 May 22, 2018 
Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose dedication to service has been a center-piece of his life and his career. Bob Duaime of Middletown Township will receive the Give Life Hero Award from the American Red Cross later this month. Since 1972, Bob has donated blood 360 times and, over the past decade, has frequently donated the maximum amount of times permitted by law an-nually. A retired Council Rock High School teacher, Bob truly understands the value of community and the impor-tance of leading by example. He is the cofounder and treasurer of Camp Dis-covery, a camp for child victims of abuse, and he volunteers for the Bucks County Emergency Homeless Shelter, the Churchville Nature Center, and Langhorne Open Space, Inc. Mr. Speaker, it is impossible to sum-marize all of Bob’s contributions to our community in this speech here today. I applaud Bob for his good works and en-courage my constituents to follow his lead. 
RECOGNIZING THE MUSLIM COMMUNITY IN BUCKS  
AND MONTGOMERY COUNTIES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Muslim community in Bucks and Montgomery Counties, who are currently observing Ramadan, the holiest month in the Is-lamic faith. I wish them peace and re-newal as they take on the virtues of charity and sacrifice. In this spirit, I would like to honor an organization in our community that seeks to provide cultural under-standing between women in the Islamic and Jewish faiths. The Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom, a national organization, recently estab-lished a chapter in Bucks County. Founded by Aliya Murad of Yardley, this chapter seeks to bridge the gap be-tween young women of separate creeds who are both devoted to their commu-nity and to their faith. Despite still being in high school, Aliya has already made a lasting dif-ference in our community, and I call on all of my constituents to follow her lead. I thank her for her advocacy of compassion and understanding. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 11 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 32 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1100 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 11 a.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Mark Goeglein, Harrisonville Community Church, Harrisonville, Missouri, offered the fol-lowing prayer: Lord God of Heaven, You are the great and mighty God whose unwaver-ing love and faithfulness for the world never ends. We bow in humble recognition of Your holiness and majesty, asking that You will be open and attentive to the prayer of Your servants. May we love one another just as You have loved us. We thank You for another day to do what is good, to do justice and to love kindness and to do what is best for this great Nation. Bless those who serve in Congress and assist them faithfully. Grant each of them wisdom to make the best deci-sions. Provide strength for those who are tired, and allow courage to do what is right for this great Nation. Help us to realize we are better to-gether. Tear down the dividing wall of hostility, reconcile us, and restore us to pursue life and liberty together. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND MARK GOEGLEIN The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome my pastor, Mark Goeglein, to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and to commend him for his many years of faithful service to the Lord and to others. It is a blessing to have him here offering the opening prayer for today’s legislative session. Pastor Mark grew up familiar with the legislative process, as his mother was a longtime State representative from Indiana. I am thrilled to have him here today and appreciate his support of me and his love for our country. Mark has served in ministry for 25 years in churches in his home State of Indiana, Texas, California, and now as pastor of the Harrisonville Community Church in Missouri. I appreciate his passion for sharing God’s Word with his congregation and how his love of Scrip-ture shows in his preaching and in the faded thumbprint on his Bible, testi-fying to the many years he has held that Bible preaching, studying, and praying. Besides a love of the Word, Pastor Mark loves the Pittsburgh Steelers, basketball, and his family. He is blessed to have his wife, Michelle, here today along with daughter, Makenzie, and sons, Micah and Mason. This fam-ily is an inspiration to our congrega-tion and a testimony of God’s faithful-ness and goodness. I wish Pastor Mark God’s continued blessings and know his faithfulness will be richly rewarded. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
GUN SAFETY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, joining the families and friends in Santa Fe, Texas, grieving for an-other 10 lives tragically cut short by senseless gun violence. Yesterday, this body held the now routine moment of silence in respect for the victims, just as we did after the Waffle House shooting in Nashville; Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Route 91 Harvest music festival in Las Vegas; and the list goes on and on and on. Forty-six times this Chamber has stood to remember the victims, and every single time congressional ob-structionists stood in the way of doing anything concrete to change this dead-ly pattern. We haven’t considered background checks or bans on the sale of assault weapons or gun violence re-straining orders to keep firearms out of the hands of the mentally ill or even, for goodness’ sake, bump stocks. I sit on the Judiciary Committee. We haven’t held a single hearing about re-ducing gun violence or working to keep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.009 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4292 May 22, 2018 
our children safe. We can’t prevent every tragedy, but there are actions we can take right now, today, to save lives. We have the power. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to find the courage to act. Our kids are counting on us. 
f 
POSTPARTUM DEPRESSION (Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness about postpartum depression. I rise today to raise aware-ness about maternal deaths. I rise today to let the country know about one of my constituents, Emily Dykes. Emily was a good person. She was ac-tive in her community and beloved by all who knew her. But most of all, she was an amazing mother. However, with her fifth child, she developed some dif-ficulties, and Emily was overtaken by severe anxiety. It was so severe, in fact, that it led to her mistreatment, misdiagnosis, and misunderstanding of her condition. Eventually, it led to her suffering so badly that, in her search for safety, she ran onto a freeway and was killed by a semi truck. The horrible fact is that Emily is not the only woman who suffers from this. Right now, there are thousands of women who suffer just like Emily suf-fered. As a mother, I want those women to know that they are not alone. There are many who have gone through very similar experiences, and there are places that mothers can go and get help. I encourage them to reach out. I encourage families to help out. This is not something that will go away unless we work to find a solution, that is, unless we as a society recog-nize it and take away the stigmas re-lated to postpartum depression and help provide support to those who come forward for help. As we raise this awareness, we can find solutions that will make sure that the tragedies that befell Emily and her family won’t happen again. Mr. Speak-er, I ask my community, State, col-leagues, friends, and Members of Con-gress to come to the table to help save lives so that children like Emily’s five children are not left without a mother. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague, B
RAD SCHNEIDER , just said, yesterday we held a moment of silence for those who were killed at Santa Fe High School. I have relatives and their children who live in Parkland, so these kinds of shootings affect us all. Everybody in this country knows that we have a gun epidemic in this country. We also know that we have a severe mental health crisis in our Na-tion. In my opinion, it is morally un-just for this Congress to do nothing. I own a gun. I believe in the Second Amendment. I would stand toe-to-toe with anyone who would urge that we take guns away from people, but I will stand with anyone who says that as-sault weapons should only be in the hands of military and police. I cannot understand how we continue to have these moments of silence and return to doing nothing. We don’t have all of the answers, but we do have some of the answers, and to do nothing is morally bankrupt and legislative mal-practice. f 
RECOGNIZING 74 HEROES ON VIET-NAM VETERANS MEMORIAL WALL (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, during one of my recent weekly talk radio townhalls, I spoke to a family member of a veteran who served aboard the de-stroyer USS Frank E. Evans during the Vietnam war. The Vietnam veteran, Richard Grant, from Fargo, advocates for servicemem-bers who died during the Vietnam war but are not presently recognized on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial here in Washington. The USS Frank E. Evans provided naval gunfire off the coast of Vietnam, including during the Tet Offensive. While conducting friendly maneuvers outside of the official combat zone, it collided with a friendly Australian air-craft carrier, killing 74 crewmembers. I introduced an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act to engrave the names of the 74 crew-members who died on that day on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall. Their sacrifice and that of their fami-lies is worthy not only of our mention, but of the high honor of being memori-alized forever on the wall. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to lead this amendment and urge my col-leagues to support it. I look forward to the day when the wall is engraved with the 74 names of the heroes of the USS Frank E. Evans. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 204, TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2017; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2155, ECONOMIC GROWTH, REG-ULATORY RELIEF, AND CON-SUMER PROTECTION ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 905 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 905 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-70 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against the further amendments print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules or amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. S
EC. 5. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 204) to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.011 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4293 May 22, 2018 
the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. S
EC. 6. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to commit. S
EC. 7. Notwithstanding clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the question of passage of H.R. 2 may continue to be postponed through the legislative day of Friday, June 22, 2018. 
b1115 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 905 provides for the consid-eration of three important bills aimed at protecting our country, reducing regulatory burdens in the financial sec-tor, and allowing patients who have no-where else to turn with another option to potentially save their lives. These three bills, taken together, show House Republicans’ commitment to putting Americans’ interests first. Today’s rule provides for a struc-tured rule to begin consideration of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. The resolution grants 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking member of the House Com-mittee on Armed Services. In addition, as the first of two likely rules on the fiscal year 2019 NDAA, the rule provides for the consideration of 103 amendments to the defense bill. Along with the Defense Authoriza-tion Act, the resolution today provides for a rule for House consideration of S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, the Senate-passed bipartisan bill to re-duce the regulatory burdens imposed on community and local banks by the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory legis-lation. The legislation went through rig-orous debate in the House and the Sen-ate, and it mirrors in many ways the House-passed CHOICE Act, passed by the House in the summer of 2017 under the stewardship of Financial Services Chair JEBHENSARLING . Moreover, the resolution before us provides for a rule to allow the House to consider the unanimously passed Senate bill, S. 204, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017. This legislation, highlighted by the President during his last State of the Union address, has been a top priority of the President for the Congress, al-lowing terminally ill patients a last chance at survival using a carefully crafted FDA process. H.R. 5515, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, would authorize appropriations for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, as well as prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for the next fiscal year. This critical piece of legislation, one of the most important bills that any Congress will consider in any year, pro-vides the resources and the direction necessary for our men and women in uniform to do what they do best: pro-tect and serve our country throughout the world. As will be discussed by many Mem-bers of this body over this week, this bill touches on all aspects of military policy, from the Middle East to the Ko-rean Peninsula to the Arctic waters. Among the hundreds of amendments the Rules Committee is likely to make in order on this legislation, I am pleased that, once again, my amend-ment, offered with Ms. L
EE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L
EWIS, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , will again be made in order. This continues to push the Department of Defense to finally complete a full audit of its fi-nances, as required by law. S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, corrects some of the more egre-gious provisions in the Dodd-Frank fi-nancial regulatory legislation. The bill focuses on regulatory relief on smaller financial institutions— namely, community banks and credit unions—so they can more readily meet the needs of their local communities without burdensome Federal regula-tions stifling their economic growth. This places the focus of the financial institutions back on their customers instead of completing paperwork and answering to agencies in Washington, D.C. Finally, Mr. Speaker, our final bill in today’s rule, S. 204, will look familiar to many people here today, as we are again considering legislation that would bring hope to terminally ill pa-tients across our country. A similar bill, H.R. 5247, passed this House in March. Minority Leader CHUCK SCHUMER and Senate Democrats have refused to act on H.R. 5247, the re-vised version of the Right to Try legis-lation, which passed the House 2 months ago on a strong bipartisan vote. As this body had heard earlier this year, Right to Try was the one piece of legislation that President Trump came and stood in the well of this House and specifically promised to the American people in his State of the Union ad-dress. Today, I will say again what I said in March when we first took up Right to Try: I stand with the President and I stand with the thousands of Americans with terminal diseases and their fami-lies and their friends in getting this important policy to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, when we pass this bill today, it doesn’t go back to the Senate. It has already been passed by the Sen-ate. It goes immediately down to the White House for a signature and be-comes law. Here is an interesting fact. In the last couple of months since the House passed its Right to Try bill, even more States have joined this strong grass-roots movement. Now, 40 States, in-cluding my home State of Texas, have passed and signed a version of Right to Try into law. In nine other States, a version of Right to Try has already been intro-duced, including the State of New York, which is the home State of the minority leader of the United States Senate. Last year, the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee held a hearing on access to investigational drugs where S. 204 was discussed. At that time, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, and other advocacy groups expressed concerns on the various Right to Try bills introduced in the Senate and the House. So, when the President asked the Congress to act, the House responded by holding multistakeholder discus-sions with patient groups, medical re-search advocates, and the administra-tion in order to improve the original Right to Try bill. I want to commend Chairman W
ALDEN for leading these ne-gotiations. I am also proud of the revised Right to Try legislation that the Energy and Commerce Committee produced be-cause the policies were sound, and I be-lieve it was a positive step forward in granting access to new treatments while allowing additional input from the Food and Drug Administration. Unfortunately, the minority party on the other side of the Capitol, Senate Democrats, said ‘‘no, thank you’’ to the revised House bill. While I am not surprised by their decision, I think the American people, particularly patients 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.004 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4294 May 22, 2018 
with terminal diseases and their loved ones, would not be satisfied with a ‘‘no, thank you’’ nonaction by Congress on such an important issue. Today, the House is ready to act for the American people and will be con-sidering S. 204, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017. This passed the Senate unanimously last August. This bill will offer termi-nally ill patients a chance at life. After it passes this House, it will be signed into law. Our Nation has achieved unprece-dented innovation and scientific break-throughs recently and over the course of the last decade. American patients have widespread access to innovative treatments, thanks to researchers and our academic institutions and those working in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Despite these achievements, we con-tinue to hear from patients with seri-ous, life-threatening conditions, in-cluding my constituents from north Texas, who remain frustrated with what they see as regulatory barriers from trying new therapies when every-thing else has failed them. As a physician, I understand that ac-cess to investigational drugs and thera-pies is a deeply personal priority for those seeking treatment for loved ones diagnosed with very difficult diseases. This crossroads where our Nation seems to be—when a potentially life-saving treatment, while not approved, both exists but remains unavailable—is an important debate that we are hav-ing for these Americans. To them, it is not only a matter of life or death but another chance to spend more time with their children, grandchildren, par-ents, and other family members. Some of the opponents of Right to Try point to the Food and Drug Admin-istration’s current expanded access program, which is aimed at helping pa-tients who do not qualify for clinical trials gain access to therapies that the agency has yet to approve. While this program makes a good faith effort to help patients, we can do more by passing Right to Try and cre-ating an alternative pathway for these patients to access eligible investiga-tional drugs. Additionally, we know that many in-dividuals may not qualify for a clinical trial if they do not meet strict patient inclusion criteria, which may include factors such as age, gender, type and stage of their disease, previous treat-ment history, and other medical condi-tions. There are also many patients for whom participation in a clinical trial is not feasible, especially those who live in rural areas far from the clinical trial sites. Most, if not all, of the patients with a terminal medical condition fall into one of these categories. This legisla-tion that we are doing today allows these patients to participate in an al-ternative pathway, opening another door to investigational drugs that does not exist today. While there are a few differences be-tween S. 204 and the House-passed Right to Try legislation, the under-lying policies between the two bills are very similar. For example, only certain investiga-tional drugs are considered eligible under both bills. In order to qualify, the drug must have completed a phase one clinical trial; have an active appli-cation at the Food and Drug Adminis-tration; be under active development or production by a manufacturer; and not have been approved, licensed, or cleared for sale under current law. Also, both bills require reporting of serious adverse events, having written informed consent to the treating physi-cian, and notifying the agency when a sponsor provides an investigational drug. Lastly, Commissioner Gottlieb at the Food and Drug Administration re-cently expressed support for the Sen-ate-passed Right to Try bill being con-sidered today and said that his agency could ensure an appropriate level of pa-tient safety through guidance and rule-making. In other words, while the Food and Drug Administration may have some additional work, the key point is the agency can achieve the proper balance of ensuring patient safety and granting access to new investigational drugs. I think the Commissioner would agree that we would have preferred the revised House Right to Try legislation, but doing nothing is currently not an option. Hundreds of thousands of Americans with terminal illnesses and their families are looking for us to act. I support restoring hope for these pa-tients and giving them a fighting chance at life. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of this esteemed body to support today’s rule and all three underlying bills, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes for debate. Mr. Speaker, the underlying meas-ures that are in this combined rule are matters of substance that do need to be addressed, and I will get back to it in a moment. Several of my colleagues will join me today in recognizing a historic moment in this particular body in this great country of ours. Madam Speaker, let me recognize that tucked inside this rule is the ma-jority’s 83rd and 84th closed rules of this Congress—and we are just in May—with more to go. b1130 That is a historic number because it makes the 115th Congress the most closed Congress ever. My Republican friends have made history for all the wrong reasons. But we should not let this milestone go unrecognized right from the very be-ginning, because it is a sad point in this Chamber’s history. It is why we have ignored virtually every major issue the public cares about. It is why this Congress can’t get anything done. It is why we are so dysfunctional. It is clear to me that the majority has turned a deaf ear, which is abso-lutely shameful. Please know this: 1,793 amendments offered by Members of this body have been denied. When I came to Congress in 1992, there was an echo chamber from the right talking about the Democrats’ closed rules. Quite frankly, at that time, I did not understand that dy-namic. I arrived here, and during that particular session of Congress, we did have open rules, but there were closed rules as well. When N
ANCY PELOSI was last Speak-er, we had 12 open rules. This Speaker, our now lame-duck Speaker, up to this point, has been and is the only Speaker of the House of Representatives never to have an open rule. What that means is not just Democrats have been shut out but Republicans have been shut out. Day in and day out, night in and night out, in the Rules Committee, Members offer up meaningful sugges-tions to this Congress, and they are de-nied. That is not denying the Member of Congress; it is denying the people those persons are here to represent and who expect them to advance measures that are pertinent to their respective communities. There will be Members who will talk about the shamefulness of the kinds of amendments that have been denied. This particular measure authorizes $647 billion in base budget authority for defense programs in the coming fis-cal year, as well as an additional $69 billion in overseas contingency oper-ations. The legislation comes on the heels of the bipartisan budget agreement signed into law in February, which increased the budget caps for defense and non-defense spending for 2 years. The legislation provides, rightly, a 2.6 percent pay raise for Active-Duty troops, the highest such raise in 9 years. It strengthens the Military Health System, provides assistance to local educational agencies servicing military dependent students, and im-proves the Transition Assistance Pro-gram to provide servicemembers better tailored resources and information as they prepare to enter civilian life. I was glad to see that this NDAA es-tablishes a prescription drug moni-toring program in order to prevent opioid abuse within the military, a proactive step that will help our coun-try combat drug addiction. What is important about this par-ticular measure is the chairman, Chair-man T
HORNBERRY , and the ranking member, A
DAM SMITH, have worked to-gether, along with the members of the Committee on Armed Services, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.014 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4295 May 22, 2018 
produce a bipartisan product. It proves it can be done. This is a bipartisan measure, and most Members in this body will have amendments that will be made in order and will have an opportunity to present their ideas how to better sus-tain military readiness. That is as it should be. But there are members of the Com-mittee on Armed Services who belong to other committees of jurisdiction. In those committees of jurisdiction where few hearings are held, no bipartisan ef-fort is undertaken, they are shut out just as well as the rest of the members of the other jurisdictions. Every jurisdiction in this Congress should be bipartisan and should have input from both parties. And I find it passing strange that I hear voices saying that Democrats are obstructionists. Obstructionists of what? We can’t even get amendments made in order. The only thing we have left that we can do is voice our objection to the kind of closed process that we have witnessed during this particular ses-sion of Congress. I hope the American public understands how much their Members are being denied an oppor-tunity to represent them. In terms of military readiness, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA dedicates sub-stantial funding toward cutting-edge military capabilities and countering emerging threats through investments in cyber and space. The bill includes funding for thousands of additional Ac-tive-Duty troops and authorizes impor-tant funding for military construction and infrastructure. You know what it doesn’t include and what it won’t? There will be Members who will offer that we have an Author-ization for Use of Military Force. Sev-enteen years have passed since we have had a new Authorization for Use of Military Force. Congress should be de-claring war, not Presidents. And it doesn’t mean this President. The three or four before him operating in this Congress were allowed to go for-ward under the aegis of a 17-years-ago Authorization for Use of Military Force. I was also pleased to see an improved commitment to Historically Black Col-leges and Universities in this year’s package—schools that are critical to ensuring a pipeline of highly skilled, diverse college graduates into the United States Armed Forces. This bill also takes significant steps to support our allies. It provides $6.3 billion for the European Deterrence Initiative and declares that it is the policy of the United States to counter Russian influence campaigns. The bill also imposes additional sanc-tions on Russia for violating the Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, and it renews authority in the war against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and fully funds Israeli missile de-fense partnerships. Madam Speaker, there is a lot that we can be proud of in this NDAA. Un-fortunately, despite all of these impor-tant investments, there are a few pro-visions in this bill that raise serious concerns. I have already spoken to the failure to pass a new military-use-of-force measure. The one that we have is over-ly broad, and Members have never had an opportunity to vote on a new one, even as we commit to military engage-ments overseas. Members on both sides of the aisle agree that an up-or-down vote on a new AUMF is long overdue. So this is the time and the place to do it. My col-league B
ARBARA LEE, I am sure, and my colleague on the Rules Committee J
IMMCGOVERN , I am sure, are going to offer measures that will accomplish that. I am also particularly alarmed that this legislation repeals the Federal ban on military production of low-yield nu-clear weapons. Repealing this 15-year ban and pursuing low-yield nuclear warheads for submarine-launched bal-listic missiles will have significant ramifications for global security. Additionally, the NDAA includes a number of provisions targeting DOD’s fourth estate, which refers to non-military portions of the Department of Defense. These provisions affect human resources, information systems, and other important services that affect the day-to-day lives of our servicemen and -women as well as national readi-ness. Under this bill, these offices are tar-geted with an unrealistic and unneces-sary spending cut, setting up a seques-ter-like automatic 25 percent reduction to critical support functions. Madam Speaker, this brings me to the second measure, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Con-sumer Protection Act. Under the pretext of providing relief to community banks, this bill rolls back important financial and consumer protections and provides a giveaway to large Wall Street banks, allowing them to skirt enhanced regulations aimed at protecting our economy from another financial crisis. The third measure, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act, exposes more patients to harm and further sidelines the Federal Drug Administration’s ability to over-see investigational treatments than the bill passed by the House in March. In fact, during the Rules Committee hearing in March, Energy and Com-merce Committee Chair W
ALDEN and Health Subcommittee Chair and fellow Rules Committee member B
URGESS had reservations about this measure, which is why the House took up the more nar-rowly focused bill in the first place. Madam Speaker, last Friday, there was another school shooting. Again, America watched in horror as students and teachers fled their classrooms from a murderous gun rampage. Again, com-munity leaders and government offi-cials offered thoughts and prayers. Yes-terday, we offered a moment of silence. Again, calls for stricter gun control laws and heightened school security re-turned. We all know that this will happen again to our young people. And for that reason, I can state emphatically and without fear of having to correct the RECORD that the Republican leadership of this House has not only abdicated their responsibility to the American people and our children but their com-mon sense as well. No other country in the world has as many guns, as many homicides, or as many mass shootings as we do. There is simply no more time to waste. We need to be considering a ban on bump stocks. We need to be considering a ban on assault weapons. And don’t anybody tell me we can’t ban assault weapons. We did that when I first came to Congress. We banned as-sault weapons, and the kind of mass killings we have seen went down after we did that. We need to be considering protective orders allowing people to petition the court to temporarily remove firearms from an individual in crisis. We have seen evidence of that working when Florida passed its law. One week after that law went into effect, a person had his guns removed who would have been a harm to himself and to others. We need to be considering com-prehensive background checks, and we can’t stop there. We need to increase access to mental health services. We need to eliminate the feeling in this country that seeking help carries with it some sort of stigma. We need to learn to recognize the danger signs and offer a clear course of action. We need to teach students about conflict resolution. And we need to do more about civil-ity in this Nation, in this House. And we should be its leaders, not standing and offering a moment of silence and returning to do nothing, as we have done, shooting after shooting, mass shooting after mass shooting, in this country. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. I want to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for all his leadership on this bill. Providing for our Nation’s common defense is our constitutional duty. As a retired lieutenant general in the Ma-rine Corps, I know that certainty from Washington, especially on this side of the river, is critical for the military to carry out its missions. Our men and women in uniform need consistency and reliability over the long term to meet complex threats, changing threats, in all corners of the world. This bill increases resources for read-iness training and upgrades essential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.016 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4296 May 22, 2018 
equipment to provide our warfighters with increased capabilities on land, at sea, and in the air. I also want to thank the committee for including report language high-lighting the critical role that the Soo Locks play in our national security. The Soo Locks, located in my home district, are a single point of failure in a multibillion-dollar supply chain and a potential target for disruptive activi-ties. Any unscheduled outing of the locks would threaten our national economy and, in turn, our national se-curity. Again, I thank the chairman for all his hard work on this defense author-ization. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the rule and the underlying bill. b1145 Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), a mem-ber of the Foreign Affairs and Judici-ary Committees, to discuss the com-monsense issues that we all care about but have been blocked during this closed Congress. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Madam Speaker, P
AULRYAN promised regular order when he took over the speaker-ship. He has broken that promise re-peatedly. We have voted on bills here on the floor that violated the standard committee process. The majority has employed a tech-nique called marshal law that allows them to bring up bills with little to no notice, and now we know we have the most closed Congress in U.S. history. The majority has blocked all amend-ments on most bills. That is a disgrace-ful way to run the people’s House. Twenty-three amendments of mine have been blocked—simple amend-ments. One of them basically says, hey, the Federal Government should invest more in cybersecurity. We can’t even get a debate on that. Really? Another amendment I have deals with anticorruption, and whether you have a Republican or a Democrat or an Independent, you don’t want corrup-tion. You don’t want members of the executive branch making money off the taxpayer’s dime. So one of these amendments basi-cally says we are not going to reim-burse the President or other members when they go and spend money on Mar- a-Lago or other Trump properties and have the Federal Government pay money there because that flows to the President or his immediate family. Can’t even get a vote on that. Why? Be-cause the Republican leadership knows it would pass. We need to open up this Congress and have a debate. We came here to debate ideas, not to block them. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this historic bipar-tisan compromise that rolls back some of the most harmful policies from the Dodd-Frank Act and will help grow our economy. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act includes bipartisan legislation that I authored to help communities in Indi-ana and across the United States save money on roads, bridges, and schools. It reverses a backward banking rule that gave foreign countries an advan-tage over American cities and towns. This will drive down the cost of bor-rowing and make it cheaper for cities and towns to finance local infrastruc-ture projects. Ultimately, this bill saves taxpayer dollars. That is why it has passed the House twice. It is supported by numer-ous advocacy groups, and my good friend, the State treasurer of Indiana, Kelly Mitchell. I applaud this bill’s in-clusion in this banking reform pack-age, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a member of the Foreign Affairs and Ju-diciary Committees, to discuss the commonsense issues that we all care about but that have been blocked dur-ing this closed Congress. Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We pride ourselves on being the most deliberative body on the planet, and all of us come here to contribute our best ideas to improve the lives of the Amer-ican people. You wonder why this place doesn’t work? It is the whole set of exclusion of ideas from nearly half this body. I am one of those people who has of-fered just about 25 amendments that were blocked by the Republicans. What are they afraid of? Debate your ideas. Make your arguments. Vote. Be held accountable. Some of the things they blocked, the amendments I offered: an amendment to increase student loan interest tax deductions in our tax bill; a provision to end tax breaks for companies that ship American jobs overseas; an amendment to increase funding to combat violent extremism; and an amendment to increase funding for fire departments in the SAFER grants. Those are just four examples. Their practice, they marked an im-portant moment in history, not a good moment: the most closed Congress in the history of the United States, ex-cluding from consideration debate, ar-gument, and accountability. Vote on these things so the American people know where you stand. That is what we have here, over 1,000 ideas proffered by Democrats that our Re-publican colleagues won’t even bring to the floor for consideration so the American people know where they stand on a range of important issues. This is a dark day for Congress, the most closed Congress in our history. It means the voices of the American peo-ple as reflected in nearly half of this body are not being considered, debated, and voted upon by the Congress. It is wrong. It is negatively impact-ing the lives of the American people. There are real consequences. It is not just that we want our own amendments considered. It is because we understand it will benefit the American people. I urge my colleagues to have some self-reflection on what they are doing here. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds for purposes of rebuttal before I yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD). As a point of situational awareness, as of last week, in this Congress, over 1,000 amendments have been heard on the House floor: 47 percent Democratic, 41 percent Republican, 15 percent bipar-tisan. For a point of reference, the last term that N
ANCY PELOSI was Speaker of the House, the 111th Congress, less than 1,000 amendments for the entire Congress. We passed that milestone prior to last week. We will continue to hear amendments on the floor. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. Today is a great day for North Caro-lina’s community financial institu-tions, small business innovators, and, most importantly, our economy. I rise today in strong support of this rule that will bring a much-needed regu-latory relief bill, S. 2155, to the House floor. The most damaging aspect of the Dodd-Frank bill was the additional and unnecessary regulatory burden placed on community financial institutions, and because of this, we have seen American consumers and small busi-nesses struggle to get the credit and the support that they need. Economic growth is held back because of Dodd- Frank, but I am happy to report that relief is on the way with the passage of S. 2155. Madam Speaker, while I urge adop-tion of this rule and urge passage of this bill, I also look forward to working with our chairman and our leader, J
EB H
ENSARLING , Senator M IKECRAPO , and Senate Democrats to craft a package of bills that focuses on capital formation. I offer any support I can to help bring that collection of bills across the finish line as well. I urge adoption of the rule, Madam Speaker. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, just to respond briefly to Mr. B
URGESS , it is a good thing that they made a handful of amendments in order that added up to 1,000. If we went through it, they would look like studies and things that were not significant; but when it came to the healthcare measures or when it came to tax reform, not one amendment by a Democrat was made in order. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.017 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4297 May 22, 2018 
(Ms. D ELAURO ), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee, to discuss the significance of this record-breaking closed Congress and real people af-fected by these closed rules. Ms. D
ELAURO. Madam Speaker, this week, the Republican majority won the honor of having run the most closed Congress in American history: 84 closed rules, zero open rules. What does that mean? It means that they blocked us from fully debating or amending legislation, prohibiting us from fully giving our constituents a voice in this Congress. Why are we here? Our constituents sent us here to be able to debate issues and to vote on those issues. Two weeks ago, the majority blocked my amendment to ensure equal pay for equal work. Congress passed the Equal Pay Act in 1963 to end unequal wages. Yet, in 2018, women still earn about 80 cents, on average, to a man’s dollar. The gap is worse for women of color. A woman working full-time will lose $400,000 over the course of her career. African American women lose $840,000. Latinas will lose over $1 million. Since women are the sole or co- breadwinner in half of the families with children, our Nation’s families and our economy suffers, which is why I offered the Paycheck Fairness Act as an amendment. It toughens remedies in the Equal Pay Act to help America’s working women fight wage discrimina-tion and receive a full paycheck. They blocked it. The strength of this institution is its potential to make a difference in the lives of the American people. That is vital when the biggest economic chal-lenge is jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. We cannot help raise wages, improve education, or fix crumbling infrastruc-ture when this majority, more than any in American history, has closed the House to debate and to amend-ments. They closed it to action. It is unacceptable. The American people de-serve better. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for yielding this time to de-bate these important measures. This is a historic moment here in the House. Today, we will be sending the most significant financial regulatory relief legislation to the President’s desk in more than a decade. I am proud to have been part of this effort, and I thank all of my colleagues who helped get us to this moment. Madam Speaker, for the past 3
1⁄2 years I served in this House, I have been telling the same story over and over again: My home State of Georgia lost 70 banks during the financial crisis, the most of any State in the Nation. Today, 52 of Georgia’s counties do not have a community bank headquartered there, and three of Georgia’s counties have no bank branch whatsoever. Why? Because of excessive regulatory burden placed on small community banks and credit unions by previous legislative action and through overreach by regu-lators. Today, we are taking a major step to-ward reversing that trend by taking bold action and by sending progrowth regulatory relief to small community banks and credit unions to the Presi-dent’s desk. This bill will help ensure that community banks and credit unions will no longer be crushed under the weight of regulations that do not distinguish between them and the larg-est financial institutions. Much of this bill originally came from House bills—bipartisan, I may add. This moment is an example of the legislative process working well in a strong bipartisan fashion. I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, may I ask how much time both parties have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. LOVE). The gentleman from Florida has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 13 minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), a member of the Financial Services Committee, to discuss the significance of this record-breaking closed rule and the real people affected by the GOP shut-ting down our democratic process. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Madam Speaker, I am here to protest what has been the most closed Con-gress in American history. I know the other side will recite the number of amendments that have been allowed, but the fact remains, this is the most closed Congress we have ever had: 84 closed rules and not one open rule. We are sent here by our constituents to advocate for their interests, and in the minority, one of the few tools we have is the ability to offer amendments and have those arguments heard on the floor of this House. Knowing that we may not win every fight, knowing that we may not win a majority on each idea, we ought to at least allow the power of a good idea to have a fair hearing. Twenty-eight times I have offered amendments, thoughtful amendments that were crafted with the idea that we could actually improve policy, and 28 times those amendments have been blocked. These are not messaging amend-ments, just to give two examples: One would have increased the amount of funding available to local governments that are struggling to im-prove their drinking water systems. Think about my hometown of Flint and the hundreds of other communities that would have benefited from that. Another would have directed the Fed-eral Government to do more to deal with this issue of PFAS, perfluorinated chemicals, that is poisoning ground-water. In fact, while the EPA is having a conversation today about this very dangerous chemical that is affecting human life in this country, I offered an opportunity for Congress to do some-thing. Why didn’t we do it? Because up in the Rules Committee, it was blocked. The ideas ought to have a chance on the floor of the House. That is what we are sent here to do. We ought to open this Congress up. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this historic bipar-tisan legislation. This progrowth bill is thanks to all the hardworking mem-bers of the House Financial Services Committee, and I am proud to have contributed to this meaningful reform. S. 2155 will reduce regulatory burdens hindering Main Street by providing job creators with resources they need to grow their businesses and, frankly, their banks. Under Dodd-Frank, big banks have gotten bigger and small banks have become fewer. Our economy is not well served when small banks are handicapped. As a former manufacturer, I under-stand the toll excessive regulatory bur-dens can have on small businesses. That is why I am a proud supporter of this legislation, and I look forward to seeing this bill signed on the Presi-dent’s desk. b1200 Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative S
AR-
BANES ’ bill, H.R. 20, the Government by the People Act. This legislation would overhaul our broken campaign finance system and return to a government of, by, and for the American people. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous ques-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ), who is a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, to discuss our proposal. Mr. SARBANES. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, no matter what you think of S. 2155, one of the underlying bills being considered today, it is not what a clear majority of Americans want Congress to be doing. Madam Speaker, nobody is coming up to us in townhalls and asking Congress to deregulate large financial institu-tions. We are not going to a fish fry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4298 May 22, 2018 
and hearing from people that they want us to dismantle important con-sumer protections. And nobody at VFW halls, Rotary Clubs, and PTA meetings thinks this bill should be Congress’ pri-ority. The reason this bill is on the floor is that the power brokers on Wall Street want it on the floor. It is their bill; it is not the people’s bill. Our broken campaign finance system lies at the heart of this warped polit-ical system, where big money calls the shots in Washington. For starters, in this broken system, too many good candidates without ac-cess to big money are effectively barred from running altogether. Those who can make it through have to spend hours dialing for dollars, courting a narrow slice of the Nation’s elite, while high-powered lobbyists and special in-terests are dictating legislation here in Congress, just like today. Most recently, these backroom power brokers used their influence to demand billion-dollar handouts for the wealthi-est 1 percent from the GOP tax scam. Now they are once again tearing down critical rules to protect our financial system from another economic col-lapse. Today’s previous question would force a vote on H.R. 20, the Govern-ment by the People Act, a comprehen-sive reform of our campaign finance system to combat the influence of big money in our politics, raise civic en-gagement, and amplify the voice of ev-eryday Americans. This legislation would increase and multiply the power of small donors in America, breaking candidates’ reliance on the big money crowd, giving can-didates the resources they need to com-pete and win. That way, when it comes time to make policy, the elected representa-tives of the people will work on behalf of our constituents, not the big money donors. Madam Speaker, the American peo-ple are sick of getting a raw deal from Washington. That is why Democrats are offering a better deal for our de-mocracy: a comprehensive reform agenda to get rid of the corruption that has led to such a dysfunctional polit-ical system here in Washington. We will deliver real reforms that will re-store a government of, by, and for the people. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ). Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, today, I rise in sup-port of S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Pro-tection Act. This pro-growth package provides the desperately needed regulatory relief to our community financial institutions while providing consumers with great-er options for accessing credit. For too long, we have seen many of the onerous regulatory burdens restrict banks and credit unions from serving the needs of their communities. After 8 years of failed economic policies, which led to the slowest, weakest recovery in the modern era, the economy is finally starting to take off, and consumer op-timism is increasing each and every day each. As a member of the House Financial Services Committee, we remain com-mitted to passing legislation designed to roll back some of the most burden-some provisions found in the Dodd- Frank Act. This legislation was intended to rein in large financial institutions, while harming our local community banks and credit unions. These increased reg-ulations created a higher cost of busi-ness and diminished credit availability. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PALMER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Frank-ly, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act tailors the rules to the size and risk profile rather than imposing sweeping changes to our consumer financial in-stitutions. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their work on this important legis-lation, and I urge passage on the rule and on the final vote. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ), a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee, to continue the discussion of commonsense issues that we all care about but have been blocked during this closed Congress. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my friend and distinguished Member of Congress, Mr. H
ASTINGS , for providing me the opportunity to speak today on behalf of deported veterans. Mr. Speaker, setting the record for the most closed Congress is not a proud accomplishment. Our job is in our title: Representatives. We represent the American people. According to the most recent Gallup poll, 78 percent of Americans dis-approve of the way Congress is han-dling itself. Can you blame them? When I came to Congress, I heard from constituents and Americans across the country about the injustice of deported veterans. I heard from Arnold Giammarco from Connecticut, who was deported to Italy after coming to the United States at the age of 4 and honorably serving our country. I heard from Gerardo Armijo, a Pur-ple Heart recipient in my district, who was brought to the United States as an infant. He served two tours in Iraq, came home honorably discharged with PTSD after he suffered major injuries from an IED, and failed to get the care that he needed from the Veterans Ad-ministration. Due to drugs and alcohol, he found himself in some trouble and is now deported. These stories are flooding in from all corners of the globe. We are deporting honorably discharged veterans after promising them citizenship. This is a disgrace. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), my good friend, a former member of the Committee on Rules who is now a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, to discuss the common-sense issues that we all care about that have been blocked during this closed Congress. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is the most closed Congress in my lifetime. Eighty-four closed rules. That means we don’t de-bate on the floor. That is also on top of the fact that we don’t debate in committee. The tax bill that was passed out of the Ways and Means Committee had no discus-sion, no debate, and no publication until it was brought up for a vote. The same thing is true for the healthcare bill. We need to be debating things. One of them was allowing citizens to import safe prescription drugs from Canada at a lower cost when those pre-scriptions were manufactured in FDA- approved facilities. I offered that amendment, and we were denied the opportunity to vote on that. Mr. Speaker, had we been allowed to vote on it, it would have passed, and Americans would have saved billions of dollars—and I said the word ‘‘bil-lions’’—on safe prescription medication if we could crack the lock that Pharma has on price gouging for pharma-ceuticals. We could do that if the majority would allow us to vote on amendments that pursue the opportunities that Americans need to be safe and secure. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the ranking member of the Committee on Rules, my good friend, who also serves on the Committee on Agriculture, to discuss the significance of this record-breaking closed Congress and real people affected by these closed rules. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this is a sad day, a very sad day, for this insti-tution. Today, it becomes official that this will become the most closed Con-gress ever in the history of the United States. You heard why this matters. You heard from some of my colleagues here today that important issues, issues that the American people care about, like ensuring clean water for children, like high ethics in the executive branch, like cybersecurity, like ban-ning bump stocks, like protecting our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.021 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4299 May 22, 2018 
veterans, or like protecting Medicare or Social Security—these amendments are routinely denied. We are shut out. Millions of young people all over the country protested for us to do some-thing to combat gun violence, and we have done nothing. We have done noth-ing in this Chamber other than a mo-ment of silence. The frustration of these young people is compounded by the fact that we can’t even bring an amendment to the floor to ban bump stocks or to expand background checks or to ban assault weapons. They don’t want to let any-thing come to the floor. It is out-rageous. And for anybody to stand up here and defend this process, to somehow nor-malize this process, give me a break. This closed process is something you would see in Russia or Turkey or in some other authoritarian government, not in the people’s House. This is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world. What is so radical about deliberating every once in a while? We have a report that we are releas-ing today. It is 230 pages. Go to the Rules Committee Democrats’ web page, and you can read all about how there has been a deliberate attempt to shut out the voices of the American people. Enough. This is not the way this place is supposed to be run. If Democrats are given the privilege to control this House again, I will tell you, we need to be more accommo-dating, we need to be more open, and we need to allow this place to be a de-liberative body where important issues get debated. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we need to fix problems in this country. We could pass a bill to protect the Dreamers in a nanosecond if the Re-publican majority would allow us to bring an amendment to the floor, but they won’t. Why? Because they are afraid that we are going to win. They don’t want a fair fight. They want a system that is always rigged in their favor. Well, that is not democ-racy. That is not the way this place is supposed to be run. If we have a more accommodating approach to legislating, then I guar-antee you that the polarization will be less. You will have more bills that will pass in a bipartisan way. And, by the way, it is not just Demo-crats that get shut out; 180 Republicans have been shut out of the amendment process as well. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. M
CGOVERN. The sad thing is that they just go along to get along, and they are complicit in this most closed process in U.S. history. Enough. Enough. We deserve better, the American people deserve better, my constituents deserve better, and your constituents deserve better. This place needs to be run differently. Mr. Speaker, vote against this rule. And I say to my Republican friends: Have the guts to stand with us and vote ‘‘no’’ on this closed process. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 11⁄2minutes for the purposes of a response. I would, of course, lead with the ob-servation that those who do not re-member their history are doomed to re-peat it. I don’t remember precisely who said it, but I think it bears repeating today. In the 111th Congress, Speaker Pelosi and the Democrats allowed less than a thousand amendments to be considered on the floor. Of the bills that were considered at that time, the Dodd-Frank bill was one of those bills. The amendments that were blocked by the Democrats in the 111th Congress were precisely the type of amendments that we are now consid-ering today in the bill to alleviate some of the obstructions, some of the gridlock that has occurred with our credit unions and smaller banks— things that people have been asking us for repeatedly for the last 5 to 7 years. Mr. Speaker, the number of amend-ments that were blocked in the 111th Congress was significant. We have a chance today to undo some of that process, and I believe we ought to take that opportunity. As of 1
1⁄2weeks ago, over a thousand amendments had been made in order in this Congress. The Committee on Rules is run dif-ferently today than it was in the 111th Congress. It used to be that you had to submit 45 copies of an amendment and you had a time limit by which you had to submit those amendments. You can submit amendments late now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to myself. Chairman S
ESSIONS has been very ac-commodating in allowing us to bring amendments to the Committee on Rules late. There is no clock in the Committee on Rules, as the gentleman well knows. You can talk as long as you want in the Committee on Rules about your amendments, and you can offer what-ever amendments you prefer. The process is not ideal, but it is im-portant that we move forward with these important reforms that people have been asking us for years. And, today, that day is at hand, and those reforms will be delivered. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1215 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me say to my friend from Texas, we don’t want to talk. That is what you guys want to do. We want to legislate. The fact is that the majority of bills that you have brought to this House floor have been closed. You have more closed rules than any other Congress in the history of the United States of America. How anybody can defend that with a straight face is beyond me. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Florida has 1 minute re-maining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would advise the gentleman from Texas that I am prepared to close if he is. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, seeing no more speakers on my side, I am pre-pared to close. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I ask the American peo-ple to look at this chart. Rules under Speaker R
YAN: structured rules, 44 per-cent; closed rules, 56 percent; open rules, zero. That is what we are talking about. As with all bipartisan measures, this NDAA has many things to like and some provisions that are causes for concern, but it did demonstrate that there can be bipartisan cooperation in order to safeguard our national secu-rity, and that should be the case in every one of the jurisdictional under-takings here in Congress. I commend the committee for once again tackling such a major legislative package, but sadly, this approach is far and away the exception to the rule around here. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we have a moral responsibility to address gun vi-olence in this country. Gun violence has overtaken our country. We have a moral responsibility to every child who now attends school thinking about, not if a school shooting will happen, but when it will happen to them. This re-sponsibility is not owed to them at our leisure, it is not owed to them next month or next week or tomorrow, but today. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I again want to reit-erate, the Rules Committee has spent hours listening and considering Mem-ber testimony. We have welcomed over 225 Members to testify during this Con-gress, and roughly 493 times have made over 1,000 amendments in order, includ-ing 474 from Democrats, 383 from Re-publicans, and over 150 which were bi-partisan amendments. The rule today is important, three important pieces of legislation. The National Defense Authorization Act. Our number one priority when we are elected to this body is the defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4300 May 22, 2018 
of our Nation, and we are authorizing that expenditure today. The bill to reform the financial serv-ices institutions is one that has been requested by small banks and credit unions for years, and this body is today prepared to deliver. Then finally, the Right to Try Act. The President stood in the State of the Union message and said that it was not correct that people had to go to other countries in order to get the medicines that they needed to prolong their lives. He wanted that to end, and today we are taking the step to end that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the three un-derlying pieces of legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 905 OFFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 8. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 20) to reform the fi-nancing of congressional elections by broad-ening participation by small dollar donors, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the re-spective chairs and ranking minority mem-bers of the Committees on House Adminis-tration, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 9. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 20. T
HEVOTE ON THEPREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the pre-vious question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adoption of House Resolution 905, if ordered, and Approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 184, not voting 21, as follows: [Roll No. 210] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.024 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4301 May 22, 2018 
Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Allen Black Brown (MD) Burgess DesJarlais Deutch Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Garamendi Higgins (LA) Hoyer Norcross O’Rourke Pearce Richmond Rogers (KY) Roskam Speier Stivers Walz 
b1244 Mses. MENG, KELLY of Illinois, and VEL´AZQUEZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. MARCHANT changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 210. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 180, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 211] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Allen Bass Black Brown (MD) DesJarlais Deutch Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Garamendi Gohmert Higgins (LA) Hoyer Norcross O’Rourke Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Walz 
b1252 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 179, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 212] YEAS—219 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.007 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4302 May 22, 2018 
Cook Cooper Courtney Crawford Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Polis Posey Raskin Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Takano Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NAYS—179 
Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meeks Mitchell Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan O’Halleran Pallone Paulsen Payne Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—28 
Allen Bass Black Brown (MD) Cleaver DesJarlais Deutch Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Garamendi Grijalva Grothman Higgins (LA) Hoyer Loebsack Norcross O’Rourke Pearce Pingree Pittenger Ratcliffe Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Walz Williams Yoho 
b1301 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DesJARLAIS. Due to a family emer-gency, I was unable to be present for votes on roll No. 210, roll No. 211 and roll No. 212 on May 22, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on all three. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
FORMERLY INCARCERATED REEN-TER SOCIETY TRANSFORMED SAFELY TRANSITIONING EVERY PERSON ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5682) to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from pris-on, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H. R. 5682 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Formerly Incarcerated Reenter Society Transformed Safely Transitioning Every Person Act’’ or the ‘‘FIRST STEP Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION Sec. 101. Risk and needs assessment system. Sec. 102. Implementation of system and rec-ommendations by Bureau of Prisons. Sec. 103. GAO Report. Sec. 104. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 105. Rule of construction. Sec. 106. Faith-based considerations. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Secure firearms storage. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED Sec. 301. Use of restraints on prisoners dur-ing the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery prohib-ited. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE Sec. 401. Placement of prisoners close to families. Sec. 402. Home confinement for low risk prisoners. Sec. 403. Federal prisoner reentry initiative reauthorization; modification of imposed term of imprison-ment. Sec. 404. Identification for returning citi-zens. Sec. 405. Expanding inmate employment through Federal prison indus-tries. Sec. 406. De-escalation training. Sec. 407. Evidence-based treatment for opioid and heroin abuse. Sec. 408. Pilot programs. Sec. 409. Ensuring supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. Sec. 410. Data collection. Sec. 411. Healthcare products. Sec. 412. Prison rape elimination standards auditors. Sec. 413. Adult and juvenile collaboration programs. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION 
SEC. 101. RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter C the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER D—RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3631. Duties of the Attorney General. ‘‘3632. Development of risk and needs assess-ment system. ‘‘3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations. ‘‘3634. Report. ‘‘3635. Definitions. ‘‘§ 3631. Duties of the Attorney General ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall carry out this subchapter in consulta-tion with— ‘‘(1) the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts; ‘‘(3) the Director of the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services; ‘‘(4) the Director of the National Institute of Justice; and ‘‘(5) the Director of the National Institute of Corrections. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the existing pris-oner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of the enactment of the FIRST STEP Act; ‘‘(2) develop recommendations regarding evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities in accord-ance with section 3633; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.010 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4303 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(3) conduct ongoing research and data analysis on— ‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; ‘‘(B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; ‘‘(C) which evidence-based recidivism re-duction programs are the most effective at reducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most ef-fectively reduces the risk of recidivism; and ‘‘(D) products purchased by Federal agen-cies that are manufactured overseas and could be manufactured by prisoners partici-pating in a prison work program without re-ducing job opportunities for other workers in the United States; ‘‘(4) on an annual basis, review and vali-date the risk and needs assessment system, which review shall include— ‘‘(A) any subsequent changes to the risk and needs assessment system made after the date of the enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(B) the recommendations developed under paragraph (2), using the research conducted under paragraph (3); ‘‘(C) an evaluation to ensure that the risk and needs assessment system bases the as-sessment of each prisoner’s risk of recidi-vism on indicators of progress, and of regres-sion that are dynamic and that can reason-ably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(D) statistical validation of any tools that the risk and needs assessment system uses; and ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the rates of recidi-vism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwarranted disparities, includ-ing disparities among similarly classified prisoners of different demographic groups, in such rates; ‘‘(5) make any revisions or updates to the risk and needs assessment system that the Attorney General determines appropriate pursuant to the review under paragraph (4), including updates to ensure that any dispari-ties identified in paragraph (4)(E) are re-duced to the greatest extent possible; and ‘‘(6) report to Congress in accordance with section 3634. ‘‘§ 3632. Development of risk and needs as-sessment system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the FIRST STEP Act, the Attorney General shall de-velop and release a risk and needs assess-ment system (referred to in this subchapter as the ‘System’), which shall be used to— ‘‘(1) determine the recidivism risk of each prisoner as part of the intake process, and classify each prisoner as having minimum, low, medium, or high risk for recidivism; ‘‘(2) assess and determine, to the extent practicable, the risk of violent or serious misconduct of each prisoner; ‘‘(3) determine the type, amount, and in-tensity of evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs that are appropriate for each prisoner and assign each prisoner to such programs accordingly, and based on the pris-oner’s specific criminogenic needs, and in ac-cordance with subsection (b); ‘‘(4) reassess the recidivism risk of each prisoner periodically and reassign the pris-oner to appropriate evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs or productive ac-tivities based on the revised determination to ensure that— ‘‘(A) all prisoners at each risk level have a meaningful opportunity to reduce their clas-sification during the period of incarceration; ‘‘(B) to address the specific criminogenic needs of the prisoner; and ‘‘(C) all prisoners are able to successfully participate in such programs; ‘‘(5) determine when to provide incentives and rewards for successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities in accordance with subsection (e); and ‘‘(6) determine when a prisoner is ready to transfer into prerelease custody in accord-ance with section 3624(c). In carrying out this subsection, the Attorney General may use existing risk and needs as-sessment tools, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) ASSIGNMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED RE-
CIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS .—The System shall provide guidance on the type, amount, and intensity of evidence-based recidivism reduction programming and productive ac-tivities that shall be assigned for each pris-oner, including— ‘‘(1) programs in which the Bureau of Pris-ons shall assign the prisoner to participate, according to the prisoner’s specific criminogenic needs; and ‘‘(2) information on the best ways that the Bureau of Prisons can tailor the programs to the specific criminogenic needs of each pris-oner so as to most effectively lower each prisoner’s risk of recidivism. ‘‘(c) H
OUSING AND ASSIGNMENT DECISIONS .— The System shall provide guidance on pro-gram grouping and housing assignment de-terminations and, after accounting for the safety of each prisoner and other individuals at the prison, provide that prisoners with a similar risk level be grouped together in housing and assignment decisions to the ex-tent practicable. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUC -
TION PROGRAM INCENTIVES AND PRODUCTIVE  A
CTIVITIES REWARDS .—The System shall pro-vide incentives and rewards for prisoners to participate in and complete evidence-based recidivism reduction programs as follows: ‘‘(1) P
HONE AND VISITATION PRIVILEGES .—A prisoner who is successfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-gram shall receive— ‘‘(A) phone privileges, or, if available, video conferencing privileges, for up to 30 minutes per day, and up to 510 minutes per month; and ‘‘(B) additional time for visitation at the prison, as determined by the warden of the prison. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER TO INSTITUTION CLOSER TO  
RELEASE RESIDENCE .—A prisoner who is suc-cessfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction program shall be con-sidered by the Bureau of Prisons for place-ment in a facility closer to the prisoner’s re-lease residence upon request from the pris-oner and subject to— ‘‘(A) bed availability at the transfer facil-ity; ‘‘(B) the prisoner’s security designation; and ‘‘(C) the recommendation from the warden of the prison at which the prisoner is incar-cerated at the time of making the request. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL POLICIES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop addi-tional policies to provide appropriate incen-tives for successful participation and com-pletion of evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming. Such incentives shall in-clude not less than two of the following: ‘‘(A) Increased commissary spending limits and product offerings. ‘‘(B) Extended opportunities to access the email system. ‘‘(C) Consideration of transfer to preferred housing units (including transfer to different prison facilities). ‘‘(D) Other incentives solicited from pris-oners and determined appropriate by the Di-rector. ‘‘(4) T
IME CREDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner, except for an ineligible prisoner under subparagraph (D), who successfully completes evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or pro-ductive activities, shall earn time credits as follows: ‘‘(i) A prisoner shall earn 10 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful par-ticipation in evidence-based recidivism re-duction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(ii) A prisoner determined by the Bureau of Prisons to be at a minimum or low risk for recidivating, who, over two consecutive assessments, has not increased their risk of recidivism, shall earn an additional 5 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY .—A prisoner may not earn time credits under this paragraph for an evidence-based recidivism reduction program that the prisoner successfully completed— ‘‘(i) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act; ‘‘(ii) during official detention prior to the date that the prisoner’s sentence commences under section 3585(a); or ‘‘(iii) if that prisoner is an inadmissible or deportable alien under the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION OF TIME CREDITS TOWARD  
PRE-RELEASE CUSTODY .—Time credits earned under this paragraph by prisoners who suc-cessfully participate in recidivism reduction programs or productive activities and who have been determined to be at minimum risk or low risk for recidivating pursuant to their last two reassessments shall be applied to-ward time in pre-release custody. The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall transfer prisoners described in this subparagraph into prerelease custody, except that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may deny such a transfer if the warden of the prison finds by clear and convincing evidence that the pris-oner should not be transferred into prerelease custody based only on evidence of the prisoner’s actions after the conviction of such prisoner and not based on evidence from the underlying conviction, and submits a de-tailed written statement regarding such finding to the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE PRISONERS .—A prisoner is ineligible to receive time credits under this paragraph if the prisoner is serving a sen-tence for a conviction under any of the fol-lowing provisions of law: ‘‘(i) Section 113(a)(1), relating to assault with intent to commit murder. ‘‘(ii) Section 115, relating to influencing, impeding, or retaliating against a Federal official by injuring a family member, except for a threat made in violation of that sec-tion. ‘‘(iii) Any section of chapter 10, relating to biological weapons. ‘‘(iv) Any section of chapter 11B, relating to chemical weapons. ‘‘(v) Section 351, relating to Congressional, Cabinet, and Supreme Court assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(vi) Section 793, relating to gathering, transmitting, or losing defense information. ‘‘(vii) Section 794, relating to gathering or delivering defense information to aid a for-eign government. ‘‘(viii) Any section of chapter 39, relating to explosives and other dangerous articles, except for section 836 (relating to the trans-portation of fireworks into a State prohib-iting sale or use). ‘‘(ix) Section 842(p), relating to distribu-tion of information relating to explosive, de-structive devices, and weapons of mass de-struction, but only if the conviction involved a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c)(2) of such title). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4304 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(x) Subsection (f)(3), (h), or (i) of section 844, relating to the use of fire or an explo-sive. ‘‘(xi) Section 924(e), relating to unlawful possession of a firearm by a person with 3 or more convictions for a violent felony. ‘‘(xii) Section 1030(a)(1), relating to fraud and related activity in connection with com-puters. ‘‘(xiii) Any section of chapter 51, relating to homicide, except for section 1112 (relating to manslaughter), 1113 (relating to attempt to commit murder or manslaughter, but only if the conviction was for an attempt to com-mit manslaughter), 1115 (relating to mis-conduct or neglect of ship officers), or 1122 (relating to protection against the human immunodeficiency virus). ‘‘(xiv) Any section of chapter 55, relating to kidnapping. ‘‘(xv) Any offense under chapter 77, relat-ing to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons, except for sections 1592 through 1596. ‘‘(xvi) Section 1751, relating to Presidential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnap-ping, and assault. ‘‘(xvii) Section 1841(a)(2)(C), relating to in-tentionally killing or attempting to kill an unborn child. ‘‘(xviii) Section 1992, relating to terrorist attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and against mass transportation systems on land, on water, or through the air. ‘‘(xix) Section 2113(e), relating to bank rob-bery resulting in death. ‘‘(xx) Section 2118(c)(2), relating to rob-beries and burglaries involving controlled substances resulting in death. ‘‘(xxi) Section 2119(3), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’) that results in death. ‘‘(xxii) Any section of chapter 105, relating to sabotage, except for section 2152. ‘‘(xxiii) Any section of chapter 109A, relat-ing to sexual abuse, except that with regard to section 2244, only a conviction under sub-section (c) of that section (relating to abu-sive sexual contact involving young chil-dren) shall make a prisoner ineligible under this subparagraph. ‘‘(xxiv) Section 2251, relating to the sexual exploitation of children. ‘‘(xxv) Section 2251A, relating to the sell-ing or buying of children. ‘‘(xxvi) Any of paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 2252(a), relating to certain activities relating to material involving the sexual ex-ploitation of minors. ‘‘(xxvii) A second or subsequent conviction under any of paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 2252A(a), relating to certain activi-ties relating to material constituting or con-taining child pornography. ‘‘(xxviii) Section 2260, relating to the pro-duction of sexually explicit depictions of a minor for importation into the United States. ‘‘(xxix) Section 2283, relating to the trans-portation of explosive, biological, chemical, or radioactive or nuclear materials. ‘‘(xxx) Section 2284, relating to the trans-portation of terrorists. ‘‘(xxxi) Section 2291, relating to the de-struction of a vessel or maritime facility, but only if the conduct which led to the con-viction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xxxii) Any section of chapter 113B, relat-ing to terrorism. ‘‘(xxxiii) Section 2340A, relating to torture. ‘‘(xxxiv) Section 2381, relating to treason. ‘‘(xxxv) Section 2442, relating to the re-cruitment or use of child soldiers. ‘‘(xxxvi) Section 57(b) of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)), relating to the engagement or participation in the de-velopment or production of special nuclear material. ‘‘(xxxvii) Section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2122), relating to prohi-bitions governing atomic weapons. ‘‘(xxxviii) Section 101 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2131), relating to the atomic energy license requirement. ‘‘(xxxix) Section 224 or 225 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2274, 2275), re-lating to the communication or receipt of re-stricted data. ‘‘(xl) Section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), relating to the sabo-tage of nuclear facilities or fuel. ‘‘(xli) Section 60123(b) of title 49, United States Code, relating to damaging or de-stroying a pipeline facility, but only if the conduct which led to the conviction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xlii) Section 401(a) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841), relating to manu-facturing or distributing a controlled sub-stance, but only in the case of a conviction for an offense described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(1) of that section for which death or serious bodily injury re-sulted from the use of such substance. ‘‘(xliii) Section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326), relating to the reentry of a removed alien, but only if the alien is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) of that section. ‘‘(xliv) Any section of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.) ‘‘(xlv) Section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705). ‘‘(xlvi) Section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3121), relating to the protection of identities of certain United States undercover intelligence officers, agents, informants, and sources. ‘‘(xlvii) An offense described in section 3559(c)(2)(F), for which the offender was sen-tenced to a term of imprisonment of more than one year, if the offender has a previous conviction, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than one year, for a Federal or State offense, by whatever designation and wherever committed, con-sisting of murder (as described in section 1111), voluntary manslaughter (as described in section 1112), assault with intent to com-mit murder (as described in section 113(a)), aggravated sexual abuse and sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242), abusive sexual contact (as described in sections 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2)), kidnapping (as de-scribed in chapter 55), carjacking (as de-scribed in section 2119), arson (as described in section 844(f)(3), (h), or (i)), or terrorism (as described in chapter 113B). ‘‘(xlviii) Section 2118(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, relating to robberies and burglaries involving controlled substances resulting in death. ‘‘(5) R
ISK REASSESSMENTS AND LEVEL AD -
JUSTMENT .—A prisoner who successfully par-ticipates in evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming or productive activities shall receive periodic risk reassessments not less often than annually, and a prisoner de-termined to be at a medium or high risk of recidivating and who has less than 5 years until his or her projected release date shall receive more frequent risk reassessments. If the reassessment shows that the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or specific needs have changed, the Bureau of Prisons shall update the determination of the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or information regarding the prisoner’s specific needs and reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programming or produc-tive activities based on such changes. ‘‘(6) RELATION TO OTHER INCENTIVE PRO -
GRAMS .—The incentives described in this subsection shall be in addition to any other rewards or incentives for which a prisoner may be eligible. ‘‘(e) P
ENALTIES .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall develop guidelines for the reduction of rewards and incentives earned under subsection (e) for prisoners who violate prison rules or evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program or productive activ-ity rules, which shall provide— ‘‘(1) general levels of violations and result-ing reductions; ‘‘(2) that any reduction that includes the loss of time credits shall require written no-tice to the prisoner, shall be limited to time credits that a prisoner earned as of the date of the prisoner’s rule violation, and shall not include any future time credits that the pris-oner may earn; and ‘‘(3) for a procedure to restore time credits that a prisoner lost as a result of a rule vio-lation based on the prisoner’s individual progress after the date of the rule violation. ‘‘(f) B
UREAU OF PRISONS TRAINING .—The At- torney General shall develop and implement training programs for Bureau of Prisons offi-cers and employees responsible for admin-istering the System, which shall include— ‘‘(1) initial training to educate officers and employees on how to use the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, as well as the reasons for using the System; ‘‘(2) continuing education; ‘‘(3) periodic training updates; and ‘‘(4) a requirement that such officers and employees demonstrate competence in ad-ministering the System, including interrater reliability, on a biannual basis. ‘‘(g) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE .—In order to en-sure that the Bureau of Prisons is using the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, the Attorney General shall monitor and assess the use of the System, which shall include conducting annual audits of the Bu-reau of Prisons regarding the use of the Sys-tem. ‘‘§ 3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations ‘‘Prior to releasing the System, the Attor-ney General shall— ‘‘(1) review the effectiveness of evidence- based recidivism reduction programs that exist as of the date of the enactment of this subchapter in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) review available information regard-ing the effectiveness of evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist in State-operated pris-ons throughout the United States; ‘‘(3) identify the most effective evidence- based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(4) review the policies for entering into evidence-based recidivism reduction partner-ships described in section 3621(h)(5); and ‘‘(5) direct the Bureau of Prisons regard-ing— ‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(B) the ability for faith-based organiza-tions to function as a provider of educational evidence-based programs outside of the reli-gious classes and services provided through the Chaplaincy; and ‘‘(C) the addition of any new effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs that the Attorney General finds. ‘‘§ 3634. Report ‘‘Beginning on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this sub-chapter, and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittees on Commerce, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4305 May 22, 2018 
Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that con-tains the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of the activities and ac-complishments of the Attorney General in carrying out this Act. ‘‘(2) A summary and assessment of the types and effectiveness of the evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and produc-tive activities in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) evidence about which programs have been shown to reduce recidivism; ‘‘(B) the capacity of each program and ac-tivity at each prison, including the number of prisoners along with the recidivism risk of each prisoner enrolled in each program; and ‘‘(C) identification of any gaps or shortages in capacity of such programs and activities. ‘‘(3) Rates of recidivism among individuals who have been released from Federal prison, based on the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The primary offense of conviction. ‘‘(B) The length of the sentence imposed and served. ‘‘(C) The Bureau of Prisons facility or fa-cilities in which the prisoner’s sentence was served. ‘‘(D) The evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming that the prisoner success-fully completed, if any. ‘‘(E) The prisoner’s assessed and reassessed risk of recidivism. ‘‘(F) The productive activities that the prisoner successfully completed, if any. ‘‘(4) The status of prison work programs at facilities operated by the Bureau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) a strategy to expand the availability of such programs without reducing job op-portunities for workers in the United States who are not in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including the feasibility of prisoners manufacturing products purchased by Fed-eral agencies that are manufactured over-seas; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the feasibility of ex-panding such programs, consistent with the strategy required under subparagraph (A), with the goal that 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, not less than 75 per-cent of eligible minimum and low risk of-fenders have the opportunity to participate in a prison work program for not less than 20 hours per week; and ‘‘(C) a detailed discussion of legal authori-ties that would be useful or necessary to achieve the goals described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(5) An assessment of the Bureau of Pris-ons’ compliance with section 3621(h). ‘‘(6) An assessment of progress made to-ward carrying out the purposes of this sub-chapter, including any savings associated with— ‘‘(A) the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody under section 3624(g) in-cluding savings resulting from the avoidance or deferral of future construction, acquisi-tion, and operations costs; and ‘‘(B) any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the System or the increase in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams required under chapter. ‘‘(7) Recommendations for how to reinvest any savings into other Federal, State, and local law enforcement activities and evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs in the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘§ 3635. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter the following defini-tions apply: ‘‘(1) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program’ means either a group or individual activity that— ‘‘(A) has been shown by empirical evidence to reduce recidivism or is based on research indicating that it is likely to be effective in reducing recidivism; ‘‘(B) is designed to help prisoners succeed in their communities upon release from pris-on; and ‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) social learning and communication, interpersonal, anti-bullying, rejection re-sponse, and other life skills; ‘‘(ii) family relationship building, struc-tured parent-child interaction, and parenting skills; ‘‘(iii) classes on morals or ethics; ‘‘(iv) academic classes; ‘‘(v) cognitive behavioral treatment; ‘‘(vi) mentoring; ‘‘(vii) substance abuse treatment; ‘‘(viii) vocational training; ‘‘(ix) faith-based classes or services; ‘‘(x) civic engagement and reintegrative community services; ‘‘(xi) a prison job, including through a pris-on work program; ‘‘(xii) victim impact classes or other re-storative justice programs; and ‘‘(xiii) trauma counseling and trauma-in-formed support programs. ‘‘(2) PRISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(3) R
ISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT TOOL .— The term ‘risk and needs assessment tool’ means an objective and statistically vali-dated method through which information is collected and evaluated to determine— ‘‘(A) the risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; and ‘‘(B) the recidivism reduction programs that will best minimize the risk that the prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison. ‘‘(4) P
RODUCTIVE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘pro-ductive activity’ means either a group or in-dividual activity that is designed to allow prisoners determined as having a minimum or low risk of recidivating to remain produc-tive and thereby maintain a minimum or low risk of recidivating, and may include the de-livery of the programs described in para-graph (1) to other prisoners.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘D. Risk and Needs Assessment Sys-tem .............................................. 3631’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM GEN-
ERALLY .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RISK AND NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the Attorney General completes and re-leases the risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Sys-tem’) developed under subchapter D, the Di-rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall, in ac-cordance with that subchapter— ‘‘(A) implement and complete the initial intake risk and needs assessment for each prisoner (including for each prisoner who was a prisoner prior to the effective date of this subsection), regardless of the prisoner’s length of imposed term of imprisonment, and begin to assign prisoners to appropriate evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs based on that determination; ‘‘(B) begin to expand the effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities it offers and add any new evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities nec-essary to effectively implement the System; and ‘‘(C) begin to implement the other risk and needs assessment tools necessary to effec-tively implement the System over time, while prisoners are participating in and com-pleting the effective evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) PHASE -IN.—In order to carry out para-graph (1), so that every prisoner has the op-portunity to participate in and complete the type, amount, and intensity of evidence- based recidivism reduction programs or pro-ductive activities they need, and be reas-sessed for recidivism risk as necessary to ef-fectively implement the System, the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(A) provide such evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities for all prisoners before the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Bureau of Prisons completes a risk and needs assess-ment for each prisoner under paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(B) develop and validate the risk and needs assessment tool to be used in the reas-sessments of risk of recidivism, while pris-oners are participating in and completing evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY DURING PHASE -IN.—During the 2-year period described in paragraph (2)(A), the priority for such programs and ac-tivities shall be accorded based on a pris-oner’s proximity to release date. ‘‘(4) P
RELIMINARY EXPANSION OF EVIDENCE - 
BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS AND  
AUTHORITY TO USE INCENTIVES .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of the FIRST STEP Act, the Bureau of Prisons may begin to expand any evidence-based recidivism re-duction programs and productive activities that exist at a prison as of such date, and may offer to prisoners who successfully par-ticipate in such programs and activities the incentives and rewards described in sub-chapter D. ‘‘(5) R
ECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— In order to expand evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activi-ties, the Attorney General shall develop poli-cies for the warden of each prison of the Bu-reau of Prisons to enter into partnerships, subject to the availability of appropriations, with any of the following: ‘‘(A) Nonprofit and other private organiza-tions, including faith-based, art, and commu-nity-based organizations that will deliver re-cidivism reduction programming on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(B) Institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001) that will deliver instruction on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(C) Private entities that will— ‘‘(i) deliver vocational training and certifi-cations; ‘‘(ii) provide equipment to facilitate voca-tional training or employment opportunities for prisoners; ‘‘(iii) employ prisoners; or ‘‘(iv) assist prisoners in prerelease custody or supervised release in finding employment. ‘‘(D) Industry-sponsored organizations that will deliver workforce development and training, on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE PROGRAMS TO  
ALL PRISONERS ; PRIORITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall provide all pris-oners with the opportunity to actively par-ticipate in evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs or productive activities, ac-cording to their specific criminogenic needs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4306 May 22, 2018 
throughout their entire term of incarcer-ation. Priority for participation in recidi-vism reduction programs shall be given to medium risk and high risk prisoners, with access to productive activities given to min-imum risk and low risk prisoners. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms in this sub-section have the meaning given those terms in section 3635.’’. (b) P
RERELEASE CUSTODY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, beyond the time served, of up to 54 days at the end of each year of the prisoner’s term of imprisonment, beginning at the end of the first year of the term,’’ and inserting ‘‘of up to 54 days for each year of the prisoner’s sentence imposed by the court,’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘credit for the last year or portion of a year of the term of imprison-ment shall be prorated and credited within the last six weeks of the sentence’’ and in-serting ‘‘credit for the last year of a term of imprisonment shall be credited on the first day of the last year of the term of imprison-ment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
RERELEASE CUSTODY FOR RISK AND  N
EEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PRISONERS .—This subsection applies in the case of a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635) who— ‘‘(A) has earned time credits under the risk and needs assessment system developed under subchapter D (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘System’) in an amount that is equal to the remainder of the prisoner’s im-posed term of imprisonment; ‘‘(B) has shown through the periodic risk reassessments a demonstrated recidivism risk reduction or has maintained a minimum or low recidivism risk, during the prisoner’s term of imprisonment; ‘‘(C) has been classified by the warden of the prison as otherwise qualified to be trans-ferred into prerelease custody; and ‘‘(D)(i) has been determined under the Sys-tem to be a minimum or low risk to recidivate; or ‘‘(ii) has had a petition to be transferred to prerelease custody approved by the warden of the prison, after the warden’s determina-tion that— ‘‘(I) the prisoner would not be a danger to society if transferred to prerelease custody; ‘‘(II) the prisoner has made a good faith ef-fort to lower their recidivism risk through participation in recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities; ‘‘(III) the prisoner is unlikely to recidivate; and ‘‘(IV) the transfer of the prisoner to prerelease custody is otherwise appropriate. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF PRERELEASE CUSTODY .—A prisoner shall be placed in prerelease cus-tody as follows: ‘‘(A) H
OME CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this sub-section who is placed in home confinement shall— ‘‘(I) be subject to 24-hour electronic moni-toring that enables the prompt identification of the prisoner, location, and time, in the case of any violation of subclause (II); ‘‘(II) remain in the prisoner’s residence, ex-cept that the prisoner may leave the pris-oner’s home in order to, subject to the ap-proval of the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons— ‘‘(aa) perform a job or job-related activi-ties, including an apprenticeship, or partici-pate in job-seeking activities; ‘‘(bb) participate in evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programming or productive activities assigned by the System, or similar activities; ‘‘(cc) perform community service; ‘‘(dd) participate in crime victim restora-tion activities; ‘‘(ee) receive medical treatment; or ‘‘(ff) attend religious activities; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other conditions as the Director determines appropriate. ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATE MEANS OF MONITORING .—If the electronic monitoring of a prisoner de-scribed in clause (i)(I) is infeasible for tech-nical or religious reasons, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may use alternative means of monitoring a prisoner placed in home confinement that the Director deter-mines are as effective or more effective than the electronic monitoring described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may modify the conditions described in clause (i) if the Director deter-mines that a compelling reason exists to do so, and that the prisoner has demonstrated exemplary compliance with such conditions. ‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), a prisoner who is placed in home confinement shall remain in home con-finement until the prisoner has served not less than 85 percent of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment. ‘‘(B) R
ESIDENTIAL REENTRY CENTER .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursu-ant to this subsection who is placed at a resi-dential reentry center shall be subject to such conditions as the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF CONDITIONS .—In de- termining appropriate conditions for pris-oners placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall, to the extent prac-ticable, provide that increasingly less re-strictive conditions shall be imposed on pris-oners who demonstrate continued compli-ance with the conditions of such prerelease custody, so as to most effectively prepare such prisoners for reentry. ‘‘(4) V
IOLATIONS OF CONDITIONS .—If a pris- oner violates a condition of the prisoner’s prerelease custody, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons may impose such additional conditions on the prisoner’s prerelease cus-tody as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons determines appropriate, or revoke the pris-oner’s prerelease custody and require the prisoner to serve the remainder of the term of imprisonment to which the prisoner was sentenced, or any portion thereof, in prison. ‘‘(5) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDELINES .—The Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Assist-ant Director for the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services, shall issue guidelines, for use by the Bureau of Prisons in deter-mining— ‘‘(A) the appropriate type of prerelease cus-tody and level of supervision for a prisoner placed on prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) consequences for a violation of a con-dition of such prerelease custody by such a prisoner, including a return to prison and a reassessment of evidence-based recidivism risk level under the System. ‘‘(6) A
GREEMENTS WITH UNITED STATES PRO -
BATION AND PRETRIAL SERVICES .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall, to the greatest extent practicable, enter into agree-ments with United States Probation and Pretrial Services to supervise prisoners placed in home confinement or community supervision under this subsection. Such agreements shall— ‘‘(A) authorize United States Probation and Pretrial Services to exercise the author-ity granted to the Director pursuant to para-graphs (3) and (4); and ‘‘(B) take into account the resource re-quirements of United States Probation and Pretrial Services as a result of the transfer of Bureau of Prisons prisoners to prerelease custody. ‘‘(7) ASSISTANCE .—United States Probation and Pretrial Services shall, to the greatest extent practicable, offer assistance to any prisoner not under its supervision during prerelease custody under this subsection. ‘‘(8) M
ENTORING SERVICES .—Any prerelease custody into which a prisoner is placed under this subsection may not include a condition prohibiting the prisoner from receiving men-toring services from a person who provided such services to the prisoner while the pris-oner was incarcerated, except that the war-den of the facility at which the prisoner was incarcerated may waive the requirement under this paragraph if the warden finds that the provision of such services would pose a significant security risk to the prisoner, per-sons who provide such services, or any other person. The warden shall provide written no-tice of any such waiver to the person pro-viding mentoring services and to the pris-oner. ‘‘(9) T
IME LIMITS INAPPLICABLE .—The time limits under subsections (b) and (c) shall not apply to prerelease custody under this sub-section.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect be-ginning on the date that the Attorney Gen-eral completes and releases the risk and needs assessment system under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with respect to offenses committed before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply with respect to offenses committed before Novem-ber 1, 1987. 
SEC. 103. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the Director of the Bureau of Prisons implements the risk and needs assessment system under section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, and every 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the use of the risk and needs assessment system at Bureau of Prisons facilities. The audit shall include analysis of the following: (1) Whether inmates are being assessed under the risk and needs assessment system with the frequency required under such sec-tion 3621. (2) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is able to offer recidivism reduction programs and productive activities (as such terms are de-fined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code). (3) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is offer-ing the type, amount, and intensity of recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities for prisoners to earn the maximum amount of time credits for which they are el-igible. (4) Whether the Attorney General is car-rying out the duties under section 3631(b) of title 18, United States Code. (5) Whether officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons are receiving the training described in section 3236(f) of title 18, United States Code. (6) Whether the Bureau of Prisons offers work assignments to all prisoners who might benefit from such an assignment. (7) Whether the Bureau of Prisons transfers prisoners to prerelease custody as soon as they are eligible for such a transfer under section 3624(g) of title 18, United States Code. (8) The rates of recidivism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwar-ranted disparities, including disparities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4307 May 22, 2018 
among similarly classified prisoners of dif-ferent demographic groups, in such rates. 
SEC. 104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Of the amount appropriated under this subsection, 80 percent shall be re-served for use by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to implement the system under section 102 and the amendments made by that section. (b) S
AVINGS .—It is the sense of Congress that any savings associated with reductions in recidivism that result from this title should be reinvested— (1) into evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs offered by the Bureau of Pris-ons; and (2) into ensuring eligible prisoners have ac-cess to such programs and productive activi-ties offered by the Bureau of Prisons. 
SEC. 105. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to pro-vide authority to place a prisoner in prerelease custody who is serving a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for an offense under the laws of one of the 50 States, or of a territory or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 106. FAITH-BASED CONSIDERATIONS. 
In considering any program, treatment, regimen, group, company, charity, person or entity of any kind under any provision of this Act or the amendments made by this Act, the fact that it may be or is faith-based may not be a basis for any discrimination against it in any manner or for any purpose. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self- Protection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bu-reau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) S
ECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law, allows employees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the se-cure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED 
SEC. 301. USE OF RESTRAINTS ON PRISONERS DURING THE PERIOD OF PREG-NANCY AND POSTPARTUM RECOV-ERY PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4321 the following: ‘‘§ 4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery prohibited ‘‘(a) PROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), beginning on the date on which pregnancy is confirmed by a healthcare professional, and ending at the conclusion of postpartum recovery, a pris-oner in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, or in the custody of the United States Mar-shals Service pursuant to section 4086, shall not be placed in restraints. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) an appropriate corrections official, or a United States marshal, as applicable, makes a determination that the prisoner— ‘‘(i) is an immediate and credible flight risk that cannot reasonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(ii) poses an immediate and serious threat of harm to herself or others that cannot rea-sonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(B) a healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner de-termines that the use of restraints is appro-priate for the medical safety of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) L
EAST RESTRICTIVE RESTRAINTS .—In the case that restraints are used pursuant to an exception under paragraph (1), only the least restrictive restraints necessary to pre-vent the harm or risk of escape described in paragraph (1) may be used. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The exceptions under paragraph (1) may not be applied— ‘‘(i) to place restraints around the ankles, legs, or waist of a prisoner; ‘‘(ii) to restrain a prisoner’s hands behind her back; ‘‘(iii) to restrain a prisoner using four- point restraints; or ‘‘(iv) to attach a prisoner to another pris-oner. ‘‘(B) M
EDICAL REQUEST .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), upon the request of a healthcare professional who is responsible for the health and safety of a prisoner, a cor-rections official or United States marshal, as applicable, shall refrain from using re-straints on the prisoner or remove restraints used on the prisoner. ‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT TO THE DIRECTOR AND  
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL .—If a corrections official or United States marshal uses re-straints on a prisoner under subsection (b)(1), that official or marshal shall submit, not later than 30 days after placing the pris-oner in restraints, to the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons or the Director of the United States Marshals Service, as applicable, and to the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, a writ-ten report which describes the facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the use of re-straints, and includes— ‘‘(A) the reasoning upon which the deter-mination to use restraints was made; ‘‘(B) the details of the use of restraints, in-cluding the type of restraints used and length of time during which restraints were used; and ‘‘(C) any resulting physical effects on the prisoner observed by or known to the correc-tions official or United States marshal, as applicable. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL REPORT TO THE DIREC -
TOR.—Upon receipt of a report under sub-section (c)(1), the healthcare professional re-sponsible for the health and safety of the prisoner may submit to the Director such in-formation as the healthcare professional de-termines is relevant to the use of restraints on the prisoner. ‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each submit to the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that certifies compliance with this section and includes the information re-quired to be reported under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—The report under this paragraph shall not contain any personally identifiable in-formation of any prisoner. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—Not later than 48 hours after the confirmation of a prisoner’s pregnancy by a healthcare professional, that prisoner shall be notified by an appropriate healthcare professional, corrections official, or United States marshal, as applicable, of the restrictions on the use of restraints under this section. ‘‘(e) V
IOLATION REPORTING PROCESS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons, in con-sultation with the Director of the United States Marshals Service, shall establish a process through which a prisoner may report a violation of this section. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each develop training guidelines regarding the use of restraints on female prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery, and shall incorporate such guide-lines into appropriate training programs. Such training guidelines shall include— ‘‘(A) how to identify certain symptoms of pregnancy that require immediate referral to a healthcare professional; ‘‘(B) circumstances under which the excep-tions under subsection (b) would apply; ‘‘(C) in the case that an exception under subsection (b) applies, how to apply re-straints in a way that does not harm the prisoner, the fetus, or the neonate; ‘‘(D) the information required to be re-ported under subsection (c); and ‘‘(E) the right of a healthcare professional to request that restraints not be used, and the requirement under subsection (b)(3)(B) to comply with such a request. ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—In de- veloping the guidelines required by para-graph (1), the Directors shall each consult with healthcare professionals with expertise in caring for women during the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) The term ‘postpartum recovery’ means the twelve-week period, or longer as deter-mined by the healthcare professional respon-sible for the health and safety of the pris-oner, following delivery, and shall include the entire period that the prisoner is in the hospital or infirmary. ‘‘(2) The term ‘restraints’ means any phys-ical or mechanical device used to control the movement of a prisoner’s body, limbs, or both. ‘‘(3) The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of impris-onment pursuant to a conviction for a Fed-eral criminal offense, or a person in the cus-tody of the Bureau of Prisons, including a person in a Bureau of Prisons contracted fa-cility.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 4321 the following: ‘‘4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery pro-hibited.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4308 May 22, 2018 
TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE 
SEC. 401. PLACEMENT OF PRISONERS CLOSE TO FAMILIES. 
Subsection (b) of section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment, and shall, subject to bed availability, the prisoner’s security designa-tion, the prisoner’s programmatic needs, the prisoner’s mental and medical health needs, any request made by the prisoner related to faith-based needs, recommendations of the sentencing court, and other security con-cerns of the Bureau of Prisons, place the prisoner in a facility as close as practicable to the prisoner’s primary residence, and to the extent practicable, in a facility within 500 driving miles of that residence. The Bu-reau shall, subject to consideration of the factors described in the preceding sentence and the prisoner’s preference for staying at his or her current facility or being trans-ferred, transfer prisoners to facilities that are closer to the prisoner’s primary resi-dence even if the prisoner is already in a fa-cility within 500 driving miles of that resi-dence.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a designation of a place of imprison-ment under this subsection is not reviewable by any court.’’. 
SEC. 402. HOME CONFINEMENT FOR LOW RISK PRISONERS. 
Section 3624(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Bureau of Prisons shall, to the extent practicable, place prisoners with lower risk levels and lower needs on home confinement for the maximum amount of time permitted under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 403. FEDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIA-TIVE REAUTHORIZATION; MODIFICA-TION OF IMPOSED TERM OF IMPRIS-ONMENT. 
(a) F EDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE  R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 231(g) of the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘elderly offenders’’ each place the term appears; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a Bu-reau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Prisons facilities’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facil-ity’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facili-ties’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, upon written request from either the Bureau of Prisons or an eligi-ble elderly offender or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘to home detention’’; and (D) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or eligi-ble terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘elderly of-fender’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘at least one Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and shall be carried out during fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and shall be carried out during fiscal years 2019 through 2022’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘each eligible elderly of-fender’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘eligible elderly offend-ers’’; and (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), striking ‘‘65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘60 years of age’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘the greater of 10 years or’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2⁄3’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
LIGIBLE TERMINALLY ILL OFFENDER .— The term ‘eligible terminally ill offender’ means an offender in the custody of the Bu-reau of Prisons who— ‘‘(i) is serving a term of imprisonment based on conviction for an offense or offenses that do not include any crime of violence (as defined in section 16(a) of title 18, United States Code), sex offense (as defined in sec-tion 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5))), of-fense described in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, or offense under chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) satisfies the criteria specified in clauses (iii) through (vii) of subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) has been determined by a medical doctor approved by the Bureau of Prisons to be— ‘‘(I) in need of care at a nursing home, in-termediate care facility, or assisted living facility, as those terms are defined in section 232 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w); or ‘‘(II) diagnosed with a terminal illness.’’. (b) I
NCREASING THE USE AND TRANSPARENCY  
OFCOMPASSIONATE RELEASE .—Section 3582 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘Bu-reau of Prisons,’’ the following: ‘‘or upon mo-tion of the defendant after the defendant has fully exhausted all administrative rights to appeal a failure of the Bureau of Prisons to bring a motion on the defendant’s behalf or the lapse of 30 days from the receipt of such a request by the warden of the defendant’s facility, whichever is earlier,’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINAL ILLNESS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘terminal illness’ means a disease or condition with an end-of-life tra-jectory. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Bureau of Prisons shall, subject to any applicable confiden-tiality requirements— ‘‘(A) in the case of a defendant diagnosed with a terminal illness— ‘‘(i) not later than 72 hours after the diag-nosis notify the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members of the defendant’s condition and inform the defendant’s attor-ney, partner, and family members that they may prepare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) not later than 7 days after the date of the diagnosis, provide the defendant’s part-ner and family members (including extended family) with an opportunity to visit the de-fendant in person; ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or a family member, ensure that Bureau of Prisons employees as-sist the defendant in the preparation, draft-ing, and submission of a request for a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(iv) not later than 14 days of receipt of a request for a sentence reduction submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant or the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member, process the request; ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant who is phys-ically or mentally unable to submit a re-quest for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A)— ‘‘(i) inform the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members that they may pre-pare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) accept and process a request for sen-tence reduction that has been prepared and submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or family member, en-sure that Bureau of Prisons employees assist the defendant in the preparation, drafting, and submission of a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(C) ensure that all Bureau of Prisons fa-cilities regularly and visibly post, including in prisoner handbooks, staff training mate-rials, and facility law libraries and medical and hospice facilities, and make available to prisoners upon demand, notice of— ‘‘(i) a defendant’s ability to request a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) the procedures and timelines for initi-ating and resolving requests described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) the right to appeal a denial of a re-quest described in clause (i) after all admin-istrative rights to appeal within the Bureau of Prisons have been exhausted. ‘‘(3) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and once every year thereafter, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall sub-mit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on requests for sentence reductions pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A), which shall include a description of, for the previous year— ‘‘(A) the number of prisoners granted and denied sentence reductions, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(B) the number of requests initiated by or on behalf of prisoners, categorized by the cri-teria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(C) the number of requests which Bureau of Prisons employees assisted prisoners in drafting, preparing, or submitting, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(D) the number of requests which attor-neys, partners, or family members submitted on a defendant’s behalf, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduc-tion in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(E) the number of requests approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(F) the number of requests denied by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the reasons given for each denial, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(G) for each request, the time elapsed be-tween the date the request was received by the warden and the final decision, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(H) for each request, the number of pris-oners who died while their request was pend-ing and, for each, the amount of time that had elapsed between the date the request was received by the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4309 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(I) the number of Bureau of Prisons noti-fications to attorneys, partners, and family members of their right to visit a terminally ill defendant as required under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) and, for each, whether a visit oc-curred and how much time elapsed between the notification and the visit; ‘‘(J) the number of visits to terminally ill prisoners that were denied by the Bureau of Prisons due to security or other concerns, and the reasons given for each denial; and ‘‘(K) the number of motions filed by de-fendants with the court after all administra-tive rights to appeal a denial of a sentence reduction had been exhausted, the outcome of each motion, and the time that had elapsed between the date the request was first received by the Bureau of Prisons and the date the defendant filed the motion with the court.’’. 
SEC. 404. IDENTIFICATION FOR RETURNING CITI-ZENS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION AND RELEASE ASSIST -
ANCE FOR FEDERAL PRISONERS .—Section 231(b) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to release from a term of imprison-ment in a Federal prison or if the individual was not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term in community confine-ment, including’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or birth certificate) prior to release’’ and inserting ‘‘and a birth cer-tificate’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘community confinement’ means resi-dence in a community treatment center, halfway house, restitution center, mental health facility, alcohol or drug rehabilita-tion center, or other community facility.’’. (b) D
UTIES OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS .— Section 4042(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (D) and (E) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (2) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Social Security Cards,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (C) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) obtain identification, including a so-cial security card, driver’s license or other official photo identification, and a birth cer-tificate; and’’; (D) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by inserting after ‘‘prior to release’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘from a sentence to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison or if the indi-vidual was not sentenced to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term of community con-finement’’; and (E) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) (as so amended) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively; and (3) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by redesignating clauses (i) through (vii) as sub-paragraphs (A) through (G), respectively. 
SEC. 405. EXPANDING INMATE EMPLOYMENT THROUGH FEDERAL PRISON INDUS-TRIES. 
(a) N EWMARKET AUTHORIZATIONS .—Chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 4130. Additional markets ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, Federal Prison Indus-tries may sell products to— ‘‘(1) public entities for use in penal or cor-rectional institutions; ‘‘(2) public entities for use in disaster relief or emergency response; ‘‘(3) the government of the District of Co-lumbia; and ‘‘(4) any organization described in section 501(c)(3), (c)(4), or (d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘public entity’ means a State, a subdivision of a State, an Indian tribe, and an agency or governmental cor-poration or business of any of the foregoing. ‘‘(2) The term ‘State’ means a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘4130. Additional markets.’’. (c) D
EFERRED COMPENSATION .—Section 4126(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘operations,’’ the following: ‘‘not less than 15 percent of such compensation for any inmate shall be re-served in the fund or a separate account and made available to assist the inmate with costs associated with release from prison,’’. 
SEC. 406. DE-ESCALATION TRAINING. 
Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall incor-porate into training programs provided to of-ficers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons (including officers and employees of an organization with which the Bureau of Pris-ons has a contract to provide services relat-ing to imprisonment) specialized and com-prehensive training in procedures to— (1) de-escalate encounters between a law enforcement officer or an officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons, and a civilian or a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 106 of this Act); and (2) identify and appropriately respond to incidents that involve the unique needs of in-dividuals who have a mental illness or cog-nitive deficit. 
SEC. 407. EVIDENCE-BASED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON EVIDENCE -BASED TREATMENT  
FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the avail-ability of and the capacity of the Bureau of Prisons to treat heroin and opioid abuse through evidence-based programs, including medication-assisted treatment where appro-priate. In preparing the report, the Director shall consider medication-assisted treatment as a strategy to assist in treatment where appropriate and not as a replacement for ho-listic and other drug-free approaches. The re-port shall include a description of plans to expand access to evidence-based treatment for heroin and opioid abuse for prisoners, in-cluding access to medication-assisted treat-ment in appropriate cases. Following sub-mission, the Director shall take steps to im-plement these plans. (b) R
EPORT ON THE AVAILABILITY OF MEDI-
CATION -ASSISTED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND  H
EROIN ABUSE , AND IMPLEMENTATION THERE -
OF.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the availability of and capacity for the pro-vision of medication-assisted treatment for opioid and heroin abuse by treatment-service providers serving prisoners who are serving a term of supervised release, and including a description of plans to expand access to medication-assisted treatment for heroin and opioid abuse whenever appropriate among prisoners under supervised release. Following submission, the Director will take steps to implement these plans. SEC. 408. PILOT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau of Prisons shall establish each of the following pilot programs for 5 years, in at least 20 facilities: (1) M
ENTORSHIP FOR YOUTH .—A program to pair youth with volunteers from faith-based or community organizations, which may in-clude formerly incarcerated offenders, that have relevant experience or expertise in mentoring, and a willingness to serve as a mentor in such a capacity. (2) S
ERVICE TO ABANDONED , RESCUED , OR 
OTHERWISE VULNERABLE ANIMALS .—A pro- gram to equip prisoners with the skills to provide training and therapy to animals seized by Federal law enforcement under asset forfeiture authority and to organiza-tions that provide shelter and similar serv-ices to abandoned, rescued, or otherwise vul-nerable animals. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the conclusion of the pilot programs, the Attorney General shall report to Congress on the results of the pilot programs under this section. Such report shall include cost savings, numbers of par-ticipants, and information about recidivism rates among participants. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this title, the term ‘‘youth’’ means a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 106) who was 21 years of age or younger at the time of the commis-sion or alleged commission of the criminal offense for which the individual is being prosecuted or serving a term of imprison-ment, as the case may be. 
SEC. 409. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and in-serting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 410. DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) N ATIONAL PRISONER STATISTICS PRO-
GRAM .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, pursuant to the au-thority under section 302 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3732), the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, with information that shall be provided by the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons, shall include in the National Prisoner Statistics Program the following: (1) The number of prisoners (as such term is defined in section 106 of this Act) who are veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. (2) The number of prisoners who have been placed in solitary confinement at any time during the previous year. (3) The number of female prisoners known by the Bureau of Prisons to be pregnant, as well as the outcomes of such pregnancies, in-cluding information on pregnancies that re-sult in live-birth, still-birth, miscarriage, abortion, ectopic pregnancy, maternal death, neonatal death, and preterm birth. (4) The numbers of prisoners who volun-teered to participate in a substance abuse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4310 May 22, 2018 
treatment program, and the number of pris-oners who have participated in such a pro-gram. (5) The number of prisoners provided medi-cation-assisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administra-tion while in custody in order to treat sub-stance use disorder. (6) The number of prisoners who were re-ceiving medication-assisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administration prior to the commencement of their term of imprisonment. (7) The number of prisoners who are the parent or guardian of a minor child. (8) The numbers of prisoners who are sin-gle, married, or otherwise in a committed re-lationship. (9) The number of prisoners who have not achieved a GED, high school diploma, or equivalent prior to entering prison. (10) The number of prisoners who, during the previous year, received their GED or other equivalent certificate while incarcer-ated. (11) The numbers of prisoners for whom English is a second language. (12) The number of incidents, during the previous year, in which restraints were used on a female prisoner during pregnancy, labor, or postpartum recovery, as well as in-formation relating to the type of restraints used, and the circumstances under which each incident occurred. (13) The vacancy rate for medical and healthcare staff positions, and average length of such a vacancy. (14) The number of facilities that operated, at any time during the previous year, with-out at least one clinical nurse, certified paramedic, or licensed physician on-site. (15) The number of facilities that during the previous year were accredited by the American Correctional Association. (16) The number and type of recidivism re-duction partnerships described in section 3621(h)(5) of title 18, United States Code, en-tered into by each facility. (17) The number of facilities with remote learning capabilities. (18) The number of facilities that offer prisoners video conferencing. (19) Any changes in costs related to legal phone calls and visits following implementa-tion of section 403 of this Act. (20) The number of aliens in prison during the previous year. (21) For each Bureau of Prisons facility, the total number of violations that resulted in reductions in rewards, incentives, or time credits, the number of such violations for each category of violation, and the demo-graphic breakdown of the prisoners who have received such reductions. (22) The number of assaults on Bureau of Prisons staff by prisoners and the number of criminal prosecutions of prisoners for as-saulting Bureau of Prisons staff. (23) The capacity of each recidivism reduc-tion program and productive activity to ac-commodate eligible inmates at each Bureau of Prisons facility. (24) The number of volunteers who were certified to volunteer in a Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by level (level I and level II), and by each Bureau of Prisons facil-ity. (25) The number of prisoners enrolled in re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities at each Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by risk level and by program, and the number of those enrolled prisoners who successfully completed each program. (26) The breakdown of prisoners classified at each risk level by demographic character-istics, including age, sex, race, and the length of the sentence imposed. (b) R EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .—Be- ginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for a period of 7 years, the Di-rector of the Bureau of Justice Statistics shall submit a report containing the infor-mation described in paragraphs (1) through (26) of subsection (a) to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and of the Senate. 
SEC. 411. HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall make the healthcare products described in subsection (c) available to prisoners for free, in a quantity that is ap-propriate to the healthcare needs of each prisoner. (b) Q
UALITY PRODUCTS .—The Director shall ensure that the healthcare products provided under this section conform with applicable industry standards. (c) P
RODUCTS .—The healthcare products de-scribed in this subsection are tampons and sanitary napkins. 
SEC. 412. PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION STAND-ARDS AUDITORS. 
Section 8(e)(8) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (34 U.S.C. 30307(e)(8)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) S
TANDARDS FOR AUDITORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATION AGREEMENTS .—Each auditor certified under this paragraph shall sign a certification agreement that includes the provisions of, or provisions that are sub-stantially similar to, the Bureau of Justice Assistance’s Auditor Certification Agree-ment in use in April 2018. ‘‘(iii) A
UDITOR EVALUATION .—The PREA Management Office of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall evaluate all auditors based on the criteria contained in the certification agreement. In the case that an auditor fails to comply with a certification agreement or to conduct audits in accordance with the PREA Auditor Handbook, audit method-ology, and instrument approved by the PREA Management Office, the Office may take remedial or disciplinary action, as ap-propriate, including decertifying the auditor in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
UDITOR DECERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The PREA Management Office may suspend an auditor’s certification during an evaluation of an auditor’s perform-ance under subparagraph (A)(iii). The PREA Management Office shall promptly publish the names of auditors who have been decerti-fied, and the reason for decertification. Audi-tors who have been decertified or are on sus-pension may not participate in audits de-scribed in subsection (a), including as an agent of a certified auditor. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—In the case that an auditor is decertified, the PREA Manage-ment Office shall inform each facility or agency at which the auditor performed an audit during the relevant three-year audit cycle, and may recommend that the agency repeat any affected audits, if appropriate. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT ASSIGNMENTS .—The PREA Man-agement Office shall establish a system, to be administered by the Office, for assigning certified auditors to Federal, State, and local facilities. ‘‘(D) D
ISCLOSURE OF DOCUMENTATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall com-ply with each request for documentation necessary to conduct an audit under sub-section (a), which is made by a certified auditor in accordance with the provisions of the certification agreement described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii). The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may require an auditor to sign a confidentiality agreement or other agree-ment designed to address the auditor’s use of personally identifiable information, except that such an agreement may not limit an auditor’s ability to provide all such docu-mentation to the Department of Justice, as required under section 115.401(j) of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations.’’. SEC. 413. ADULT AND JUVENILE COLLABORA-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2991 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10651) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b)(4)(D); (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘may use up to 3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall use not less than 6 percent’’; and (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) C
OLLABORATION SETASIDE.—The At- torney General shall use not less than 8 per-cent of funds appropriated to provide tech-nical assistance to State and local govern-ments receiving grants under this part to foster collaboration between such govern-ments in furtherance of the purposes set forth in section 3 of the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 10651 note).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 5682, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5682, the FIRST STEP Act. The bipartisan bill before us is a meaning-ful, historic criminal justice reform measure. The FIRST STEP Act places a new focus on rehabilitation. While we rec-ognize criminal behavior needs to be punished and criminals need to be in-carcerated, we must also acknowledge that our prison population needs to be rehabilitated to the greatest extent practicable. The bill establishes a risk and needs assessment as the basis of both an effective recidivism reduction program and an efficient and effective Federal prison system. The FIRST STEP Act will incentivize prisoners to participate in evidence-based recidivism reduction programs, productive activities, and jobs that will actually reduce their risk of recidivism. We know that over 90 percent of all prisoners within the Bureau of Prisons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.006 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4311 May 22, 2018 
will be released someday. That is an in-disputable fact. We also know that without programming and interven-tion, which can train prisoners to be better citizens, not better criminals, prisoners are more likely to recidivate. Mr. Speaker, rather than allowing the cycle of crime to continue, this leg-islation takes a practical, intelligent approach to rehabilitation. By using a focused approach for each prisoner, we can lower the risk of recidivism. That is what H.R. 5682 does. Fewer recidivists means fewer pris-oners in the future. It means greater savings to the American taxpayer. More importantly, it means safer com-munities, fewer crimes, and, of course, fewer victims. It also means greater opportunities for people once they leave prison. This bill is important because when prisoners who have received interven-tion and rehabilitation are released, they are less likely to commit crimes. When that happens, our streets are safer and innocent civilians are less likely to be victimized. Rehabilitated prisoners are more likely to leave the life of crime behind, become productive members of society, and contribute to their communities. If that isn’t mean-ingful, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what is. I know there are some in this body who are opposing this legislation be-cause it does not include sentencing re-form. I support sentencing reform and have worked with my colleagues to find common ground on that issue. However, we should not let this oppor-tunity pass by. The vast majority of Members of this House agree that this legislation is needed. Let us not linger any longer. Let us move this important and meaningful bill today. Just look at the bipartisan support from outside interest groups that the FIRST STEP Act has received. Numer-ous organizations—almost too many to list in the allotted time we have—on both the left and the right have enthu-siastically endorsed this bill. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chief sponsors of H.R. 5682, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). They worked tire-lessly to get this bill to the floor, and both should be applauded for their bi-partisan approach to this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the FIRST STEP Act, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in op-position to H.R. 5682, the FIRST STEP Act. On principle, I cannot support leg-islation which fails to address the larg-er issue of sentencing reform, and, though this bill makes some modest improvements in areas related to our prisons, actually it does more harm by cementing into our system new areas of racial biases and disadvantage that make worse a criminal justice system desperately in need of reform. Despite the bill’s good intentions, the new incentive system for pre-release custody credits could exacerbate racial biases and, unlike previous criminal justice efforts, is not balanced with the necessary reforms to our Federal sen-tencing system. As Monday’s New York Times editorial observed: ‘‘A partial bill could end up being worse than nothing.’’ The bill excludes large categories of inmates, based on convictions for var-ious offenses and on immigration sta-tus, from being eligible for the pre-re-lease custody incentives established by the bill. Second, certain prisoners who are eli-gible to participate in the incentive system and who successfully partici-pate in recidivism reduction programs would face being denied early entry to pre-release custody if such inmates are judged to have a higher than low re-cidivism risk under the new system. It would be unfair to deny these prisoners what they have earned, and it is coun-terproductive for all of us to, in effect, create a disincentive for prisoners who most need recidivism reduction pro-gramming from engaging in it. Third, the combination of these fac-tors, implemented through a problem-atic risk assessment tool, could oper-ate to exacerbate racial and socio-economic disparities already present in the criminal justice system. As the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the ACLU, the NAACP, the National Immigration Law Center, and dozens of other advocacy groups warn, ‘‘the exclusions could . . . have a disparate impact on racial minorities.’’ I want to acknowledge the tremen-dous work of my colleagues on the Ju-diciary Committee—Representatives JEFFRIES , RICHMOND , and B ASSparticu-larly—for their efforts to improve the legislation. I wholeheartedly support certain provisions in the current version of the bill, such as expanding time credits for good behavior, banning the shackling of women prisoners, and enhanced compassionate relief. But, unfortunately, these good provisions do not outweigh the potentially harmful provisions contained elsewhere in the bill. Perhaps more importantly, it is clear that prison reform alone will not ame-liorate the crisis of mass incarceration unless we address the principal cause of the problem—unjust sentencing laws. As former Attorney General Eric Hold-er writes in today’s Washington Post: ‘‘To reform America’s prisons, we must change the laws that send people to them in the first place. Anything less represents a failure of leadership.’’ It is unfortunate that after waiting nearly 1
1⁄2years to take up the issue of criminal justice reform, the majority was unwilling to subject H.R. 5682 to a single legislative hearing or even both-er to obtain a CBO score so we could understand its impact. I also do not believe we can simply accept as a reason not to change our sentencing laws opposition to sen-tencing reform by a Trump administra-tion that changes its legislative posi-tions on a near daily basis and that has already done so much to weaken and undermine the criminal justice system. Nor do I believe more balanced reform is not viable when Senator CHUCK  G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, told us: ‘‘For any criminal justice system proposal to win approval in the Senate, it must include . . . sentencing reforms.’’ Although I oppose this legislation, I remain fully committed to achieving balanced reform as part of an effort to make our criminal justice system more just and our constituents more safe. But I do not believe that passing this bill today would contribute to that goal. I therefore urge an opposition vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this FIRST STEP Act. I spent 17 years of my life representing people accused of crimes. b1315 Some of them are people whom I will never forget. One is a woman named Daniella. She had some prior mis-demeanor offenses and was charged with possession of crack cocaine. She was looking at a sentence of about 60 months, based on the amount. She had a small child. There were no weapons involved. The prosecutors told her: If you tell on your boyfriend, we will take you to State court. If you don’t, we are taking you to Federal court. They took her to Federal court. And try as I did, she ended up getting 60 months of prison. She got taken away from her child. I remember the screams of that little boy as they walked his mother into custody. I cannot imagine asking her to stay in prison one day longer than she need-ed to. I cannot imagine not giving every opportunity to improve her life and her skills. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I do so with a lot of enthusiasm today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of the FIRST STEP Act. I supported this bipartisan bill in committee because it will help more ex-offenders reenter the work-force. It will reduce recidivism. The FIRST STEP Act is just a first step in fixing our criminal justice sys-tem. We all realize there is a lot more to do and a lot more we must do, but this is an important start. I would remind everyone that the bill allows prisoners to earn an additional 7 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.033 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4312 May 22, 2018 
days off their sentence each year they demonstrate good behavior. It funds important job training, drug treat-ment, and education services. It pro-hibits the shackling of pregnant women and improves compassionate re-lease. These are all very good provisions. It will not only reduce recidivism; it will enhance the safety of our communities by making sure folks have the ability to enter drug treatment, enter job training, and avail themselves of edu-cational services. These are all com-monsense ideas. I hope that everyone will support this legislation. I want to thank, particularly, my colleague H
AKEEM JEFFRIES for his strong leadership in these difficult ne-gotiations, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the FIRST STEP and then commit themselves to continuing to build on this, because there is much more work to do in sentencing reform and criminal justice reform broadly. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Judiciary Committee for its tremendous work in bringing this bill to the floor. They have put forth tremendous effort and tried every way they could think of to compromise. But notwithstanding the effort, I find myself not in a position to vote in favor of the bill. One of the reasons is that many of the organizations and groups with whom I have worked over the years are in opposition. They are people who are on the ground floor of criminal justice reform. They recog-nize that, if we are going to provide an opportunity to seriously reduce mass incarceration, we have to make provi-sions for individuals to regain some sense of reality regarding what got them into prison in the first place. I appreciate all of the efforts. I think we have got too much authority being given to the Attorney General. I wish we had been able to get closer to what people I work with daily would be in agreement with. Unfortunately, we did not. Unfortunately, I do not support pas-sage of the bill, but I support con-tinuing to work to find the real, hard- nosed solutions that we need. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS), the chief sponsor of the legisla-tion and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank my colleague, Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE , who has been a great supporter of working to-wards finding solutions. I think that is what we are here for today is finding solutions. I want to thank the chairman for working this, taking this, and moving forward on a lot of different fronts. But as we look forward, there are some things I want to clear up and some peo-ple I want to thank. With HAKEEM JEFFRIES , I couldn’t ask for a better partner to work with through the intricacies of big solutions and big problems. These are big prob-lems. Mr. J
EFFRIES and I have said: Let’s take a look and see what we can fix. What is going to be said today is: I like this legislation, I like parts of this legislation; I like the legislation, but it doesn’t go far enough; if it just did a little more—as if this place produced perfect results every time and we just want to wait. But I also would ask those who choose to vote ‘‘no’’ today, and my question is this: Is it okay to make progress on many other things but on this one say no? Say no to a family who has a family member in prison who could get treatment and get help? And when they come home—which over 90 percent of all prisoners in this country do, they come home—is it okay to say no to those folks, and say: No, we are not going to provide that for your family member; we are not going to provide extra treatment so that they can get help with addiction or work problems or anger manage-ment or skills deficits or education deficits? No, it is not. Is it okay today to vote ‘‘no’’ and say: I like a lot of this bill, but I want to continue to shackle women as they have babies? It is a pretty simple understanding. I get it. I want to see sentencing reform, too. I am on record as saying I do. I am on record as continuing past this to ac-tually do that. Mr. J
EFFRIES and I have talked about this more than we ever imagined we would. But Congressman J
EFFRIES is a great partner in this effort. This bill is real and meaningful re-form. Senator C
ORNYN and Senator W
HITEHOUSE across the way in the Sen-ate have taken steps to actually intro-duce the same bill and are working to do this. The President has said this is something that can be signed. In fact, the President, Mr. Speaker, last week, said that America is a nation that be-lieves in second chances. The FIRST STEP Act gives those second chances. It gives us hope. It gives us an ability to look at people. As I have said on this issue many times, it is a money and moral issue. In States like Georgia, Kentucky, Oklahoma, Texas, New York, and Cali-fornia, these issues have been discussed and evidence-based approaches have worked. We have seen it, Mr. Speaker, work in my home State of Georgia. We have seen an evidence-based approach be the way that you need to go. This bill provides the protection, and it also provides the incentive for this to work. Now, there have been many discus-sions on why we shouldn’t do this, and there have been many people in recent days coming forward. I think it is pret-ty amazing to me—and I am going to have to be honest here—for the former Attorney General to come out and say this is not enough and say that the cur-rent Department of Justice could do some of this, then I have one question for the former Attorney General: Where were you when you held the of-fice? Why didn’t you do something then? If it was within your grasp, why did you turn a deaf ear to the cries of families who were in need? Why did you decide not to do something and now weigh in on something that Con-gressman JEFFRIES and many others have put their hearts and lives into and weigh in and say it is not enough? Look to those families, Mr. Former At-torney General, and tell them it is not enough. It is easy to write an op-ed. It must be a lot harder to do it when you have the job. So, as we look forward here, this is a positive piece of legislation. This is something that we can look forward to doing, when you have a chance to give those prisoners the opportunity to cut the very things down in their life that cause them to get there to start with. When we begin to look at the reasons they are there—and there are mul-tiple—then we are taking a first step toward solutions, a first step toward hope, a first step toward making a dif-ference so that we can then see, if we can take this first step, then maybe we can get some of our colleagues to take that next step into sentencing reform and other areas that we have already worked on, that the chairman has worked on, and others across in the Senate have advocated for. But if we choose not to do that today, you are saying no to the future. Congressman J
EFFRIES and I believe yes to the future. I know that when we have worked on this, it is about what we can accomplish and how we can ac-complish it in a way that is meaningful to others. When we look at this, I also find it rather interesting, Mr. Speaker, the groups that have come together here. As we went around talking about this, we went to so many different groups from the left and the right that say this is a great first step: Justice Action Network, American Conservative Union, FreedomWorks, FAMM, Prison Fellowship, Faith and Freedom Coali-tion, #cut50, Heritage Action for Amer-ica, and many, many more both on the left and the right. The Koch Founda-tion and others have said this is good. This is something we can move on. This provides that hope that we are searching for. To the bill’s detractors, I respect your opinion. To the bill’s detractors, I would just say: Why not? If why not, why not here? And if why not and why you don’t want to here, when? Is it ever good enough? Can we ever get to a point? I think one of the things, Mr. Speak-er, that we often deal with here is the art of the possible. Today is about the art of the possible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.035 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4313 May 22, 2018 
We have an administration that says: We will sign the bill. Jared Kushner has been such an ad-vocate for this and worked with the ad-ministration to say: We will put forth the effort to make this work. We have partners in the Senate who say: We want to work and do even more. I am glad of that. And I have a part-ner here and many who have come alongside of us and have spoken to say: Let’s do something today. Today is about action. Today is about being a part of something bigger than ourselves. This is a day when we can come to the floor of this House and be proud of why we are here. So many times we come down and we look at the bill and we see paper and we see words on a paper. But I tell you what I see, Mr. Speaker: I see the faces of the families behind these words. I see the faces of the families behind these words that it is actually going to help. So when you look at this vote and you look at this bill, I say: Look be-yond the pieces of paper, look beyond the ink, and look to the families that will be helped. When you cast that ‘‘yes’’ vote, you are saying: I want to do something, and I am not afraid to wait on something I might want but know that I can take a step further now. It is very simple: vote ‘‘yes’’ to move it along or vote ‘‘no’’ and say no to those in need. I can agree and disagree about a lot of parts, but this is about the people behind the bill. Before I go, Mr. Speaker, though, in addition to the committee, the chair-man, and the committee staff who have been so great, a few weeks ago, I had the chance to talk about a staff mem-ber of mine as a steel magnolia. Today, Jon Ferro, from my staff, a New York native who works for a Georgia Mem-ber, has earned from me the highest praise. He is now, as you will see in all of the groups that have worked on this, a Bulldog. He has worked this over and over. He has worked it to find solu-tions. For that I am thankful, and for that I am proud. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. You could come up with every reason you want to vote ‘‘no,’’ and that is okay, I guess; but remember, there are fami-lies watching today. There are incar-cerated people watching today. My question is: Will you vote for them or will you vote to hold up something that may or may not happen? Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ASS), a member of the Ju-diciary Committee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FIRST STEP Act. There are thousands of women who are incarcerated while pregnant. My language in the FIRST STEP Act ad-dresses the treatment of pregnant in-mates and the use of shackles. The current system is based on a male model that fails to meet the phys-ical and mental health needs of women. This is occurring at a time when women are the fastest growing popu-lation in our prisons and jails, increas-ing in number by over 700 percent since the 1980s. The treatment of incarcerated women is particularly glaring during pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum. Pregnant women must be provided ap-propriate prenatal care, which includes nutrition and housing. We can also agree it defies common sense and logic to use shackles on a woman who is delivering a baby. More than 22 States have restricted the use on pregnant women, yet the practice continues. This is despite no reported incidents of women attempting to es-cape when shackles are not used during childbirth. If anyone knows of a woman who is able to jump up while delivering and overcome an armed guard, I would certainly like to meet her. Women across the country have shared their horror stories about being pregnant or delivering while shackled. The experiences are as grim as you can imagine. One mother recounted being shackled after having an emergency C- section. She was handcuffed and a chain was linked across her belly. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. b1330 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Ms. BASS. She stated: ‘‘With the weight on my stomach, it felt like they were ripping open my C-section.’’ We must institute Federal standards and educate correction officers, med-ical personnel, and pregnant inmates regarding the standard of care for preg-nant women. Women must be a part of the debate on prison and sentencing re-form. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to intro-ducing additional legislation to high-light this issue. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congressman J
EFFRIES and Con-gressman C
OLLINS for this FIRST STEP Act. Does it go as far as I would want it to go? It doesn’t. But is it a substantial step in the right direction? The answer is yes. When we start talking about prison reform, we start talking about ways to help those who are incarcerated, one, when they get out; two, to better them-selves when they are already in. And one of the things we do in this bill is to allow movement of inmates closer to their families so that they can keep that family connection, so that they can continue to be a part of the family, which also reduces recidi-vism. We also fix the ‘‘good time’’ problem that has happened. For every 7 days that you increase good time, you save $50 million a year. Not only did we fix it this year, but we fixed the problem BOP interpreted in the law, contrary to congressional intent, in the first place. So this bill takes, I believe, a signifi-cant step in the right direction, not to mention the $250 million toward restor-ative justice and other ways. Hope-fully, the savings from this bill will continue to go toward criminal justice and we will continue to take second and third steps. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE as well as several distinguished members of the Judiciary Committee—in particular, C
EDRIC  R
ICHMOND and K AREN BASS—for their leadership on this issue and, of course, my good friend D
OUGCOLLINS for being a phenomenal champion of improving the lives of currently incarcerated in-dividuals, folks who have no time for political games. These are individuals who are in the system right now without hope, with-out opportunity, without a meaningful chance at transforming themselves. And the FIRST STEP Act will provide that. It will give them an opportunity to get educated now, give them an oppor-tunity to get vocational training now, a GED now, a college education now, give them the opportunity to deal with their substance abuse problem now, mental health counseling now. Why would we possibly refuse that? These individuals are amongst the least, the lost, and the left behind. And we have an opportunity, in a bipartisan way, to make a difference in their lives in so many areas. Any objective read-ing of this bill is that it will improve their quality of life. And what is so wonderful about this is that you have the right and the left, conservatives and progressives, united in this effort. Nothing meaningful is ever easy, but the mass incarceration epidemic has been with us for almost 50 years. You will not just take one legislative magic wand and wipe it away in one shot. It will require sustained effort, sustained intensity, sustained commitment, and a meaningful first step. That is what this bill represents. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this effort to trans-form lives, save taxpayer dollars, and dramatically reduce recidivism now. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.036 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4314 May 22, 2018 
Washington (Ms. J AYAPAL ), a distin-guished member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, there is one thing everybody agrees on, and that is that it is past time that we face the institutionalized racial inequity that is built into every single step of our mass incarceration system. We know that mass incarceration disproportionately affects people of color and that, today, women in prison are, sadly, the fastest growing demo-graphic, frequently caught up with the arrests of their partners and struggling with mental health and addiction. This bill does take important steps forward, and I want to say that it is a very good faith effort on the part of the bill’s two sponsors: my friend H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES and Representative D OUG C
OLLINS . Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I still am not going to be able to support the bill because I have serious concerns about how the bill creates, develops, and implements a new risk assessment system on a very quick timeline by someone who, frankly, has spent his career opposing criminal justice re-forms and, in fact, has fought attempts to advance racial justice, and that is Attorney General Sessions. This is especially concerning given that research shows us that risk assess-ments produce racial disparities. And this bill does not address sentencing re-form, which is an issue that has bipar-tisan support and is the crux of the problem today. In addition, Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned about language in the bill that excludes immigrants from being eligible for time credits. The bill ex-cludes longtime, legal permanent resi-dents, green card holders, who may have committed the exact same crimes as others and may be eligible for relief under U.S. law. If we are making re-demption available, shouldn’t it be available for everyone, regardless of immigration status, for the same set of crimes? Moreover, continued incarceration of these people simply based upon citizen-ship status is a waste of taxpayer dol-lars and unnecessarily keeps families separated. The reality is that these are deeply important issues, and this bill shows that we have the capacity to work in a bipartisan way. Even with all of the good work and even for a first step, un-fortunately, I believe we have more work to do to get to the place where our morals are being consistently ap-plied. I look forward to doing everything I can to work on this. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close whenever the gen-tleman from New York is, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I have one further speaker, and then I will be prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  LEE), the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to offer my appreciation for all of my colleagues—in particular, those who have offered this legislation. I recall, in the Congress preceding this, we offered a bipartisan combina-tion of comprehensive criminal justice reform, took bills that included prison reform and sentencing reform, and were really on the way to passing that combination of very important part-nership. Unfortunately, the politics of that time got in the way. But my appreciation to Mr. J
EFFRIES  and Mr. C
OLLINS . It really is the com-ing together of Members. Mr. N
ADLER  worked very hard to inject very impor-tant provisions, as well as many other Members. And they even did so on the day of the markup. And all but one that Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mrs. D EMINGS put in on retroactivity failed in the com-mittee. So let me give an open letter to the mothers and fathers of incarcerated persons who are in our constituency and, as well, to those inmates who may, by chance, be looking at this de-bate. Having recently visited one of the Federal centers, I know that inmates are astute and concerned about their future. So I think it is important to estab-lish to those parents why Democrats have consistently tried to sew to-gether, tried to stitch together the idea of sentencing reduction and prison re-form. Elements of this bill are striking and good. But to a mom, is it more exciting for you to know that your son, who had an excessive sentencing because of mandatory minimums, and you, who are incarcerated, have your sentence reduced than maybe on the back end? Now, it is important to note that all of those, if this bill is passed, will par-ticipate in the rehabilitation pro-grams, but it is also important to note that the Bureau of Prisons has closed halfway houses. That is a component of this bill. And they have reduced and cut the numbers of individuals who are corrections officers to the extent that corrections officers feel endangered and that augmentation has been used. Augmentation means that nurses and teachers and others who are inside the prison are being used to augment the staff of correction officers which have been fired—or terminated, rather— under this administration. In a letter from the BOP union presi-dent, they indicated that they are se-verely understaffed and it would be dif-ficult to implement this bill without those aspects being remedied—meaning more staff, more halfway houses, more money to implement this program. So many of my friends have asked me: What is the harm? Let me give you what is the harm. First, it would divert limited re-sources for programming by requiring a complex risk assessment process that would primarily benefit people deemed at a low or minimum risk of recidi-vism. That means, if you came in with a harsh drug sentence but through the years, Mom or Dad, you saw your son or daughter fix their lives, you would note that they, in fact, would not be el-igible for this program. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, without provisions in the bill to reduce the excessive sentencing produced by mandatory minimums for drug of-fenses, overcrowding will still persist and thereby divert resources from pro-grams to reduce recidivism. Let me be very clear: The corrections officers indicate they don’t have the staff. Halfway houses have been closed. In addition, it is documented that, if your son or daughter has an offense that was considered excluded and they have repaired their life, through the prison they have made changes, they will not be eligible—not for the pro-grams, but they will not be eligible for relief. So it is a first step. But I would sim-ply say: If it is the first step, why not protection of immigrants? And, also, why not have a sentencing reform hearing, which the Republicans have canceled because of my position on this bill? Let us work together for what is good, Mr. Speaker. Let us make a dif-ference in the lives of all of the in-mates. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 5682, the ‘‘FIRST STEP Act of 2018’’ and thank my colleagues, Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. C OLLINS for bringing this forward. This legislation purports to help reduce recidivism for the millions of formerly incarcerated people that will return to our communities. I respectfully reserve the right to voice my concerns with this bill. First, as the NY Times editorial noted, ‘‘the biggest problem with the FIRST STEP Act is ....  what’s left out, specifically, sentencing reform.’’ Eric Holder said in the Washington Post, ‘‘by choosing a tepid approach, the pris-on reform bill abandons years of work and risks making it harder for Congress to ad-vance more serious legislation in the future. Meaningful sentencing reform will be less like-ly to occur if the narrow prison bill is enacted.’’ Even President Trump specifically stated during his remarks at the White House Prison Reform Summit last Friday, ‘‘we want the fin-est prison reform bill that you could have any-where.’’ I agree with the President on this, as I also want the finest prison reform bill. Hence, I will continue to fight for the very best legisla-tion that will adequately address the nearly 650,900 formerly incarcerated people that will return to our communities a year. That’s not partisan or personal politics, but rather, com-mon sense, just and equitable politics. Imagine you are a mother, child or loved one of an incarcerated person that was robbed by a system that played Russian rou-lette with his or her life because that system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.039 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4315 May 22, 2018 
decided they were criminals rather than vic-tims of a public health crisis during the crack epidemic. Now imagine that same system, rather than remediating the tragedy it caused in broken homes and communities through inept policies that had a racial and economic disparate impact, now seeks to pat them on the back and further insult an entire race by feeding them crumbs. As a mother or loved one, you would de-mand that the system cure the defect in those sentencing laws that would drastically reduce his or her time in custody, and apply justice equitably. Let’s not forget what happened in the 1964 Crime bill. Congress has the power to do that. We should hold ourselves account-able to deliver on the promise we made when we acknowledged the draconian policies im-plemented during the ‘‘War on Drugs’’ crisis, in passing the Fair Sentencing Act. Let’s finish what we started then, by appealing to our bet-ter angels and not crucify each other because we disagree. As Families Against Mandatory Minimum in-dicated in their letter, ‘‘sentencing reform should be included in any final justice reform package.’’ Second, even if the majority chose to ignore sentencing reform due to pressure, we cannot sit idly by and allow a slim-fast version of pris-on reform when dealing with the lives of mil-lions of people. I will not apologize for demanding more from my colleagues. I will not apologize for fighting with every breath I have to secure jus-tice for those left behind. And I will not apolo-gize for doing my job and shedding light where we may fall short, even when we have in good faith, tried our best. We will all go home tonight. What about those that have longed for that same freedom after they’ve paid their debts to society. We owe it to our-selves, to the thousands of broken families, and to our society, to give each inmate that will return to our community, their best chance at success, by providing them incentives that will get them home to their families sooner also. Even the bill’s supporter at markup said in their letter, ‘‘the bill unwisely reserves its incentivized programming for those who al-ready pose little threat of re-offending’’, for ex-ample, those that would commit the sort of crimes alleged against Kushner and others within Trump’s orbit. The supporters go on to say, ‘‘We fear that the bill’s failure to direct incentivized programming to the group that needs it most will result in little or no reduction in recidivism, and, worse, that that failure will be blamed on prisoners rather than the bill’s mistaken design.’’ Most alarming here, is that great skepticism looms even in those who want to support this endeavor, because the re-ality is that the risk assessment tool is flawed. This Kushner/Trump bill amounts to nothing more than a false sense of hope for those who will never be released, due to either lack of shelter given the significant reduction in housing, or lack of eligibility per the warden. The wide latitude and discretion given to Sessions, a person who whole-heartedly op-poses any form of effective criminal justice re-form, and proponent of over-criminalization, will inevitably prove problematic for many who otherwise would benefit greatly from this measure with some modicum of oversight. We should take our time to include an inde-pendent committee that would serve as a bul-wark in the development, implementation and recommendation process of such a program that will use novice and untested tools at the federal level. Why must we rush this process? Why not take our time to produce the finest prison re-form bill anywhere as the President sug-gested? I visited and spoke directly to guards and wardens in the BOP. They told me they are severely understaffed and safety is para-mount given the shortage in staff. The Director of BOP quit, in the middle of Trump’s Prison Reform Summit. All of these facts tell us to wait so that we could get it right. In NOBLE’s opposition letter to this bill they write: ‘‘a key concern is the ability of the Federal BOP and U.S. Attorney Offices to implement key ele-ments of this legislation. In particular, it will re-quire that U.S. Attorney Offices and BOP ad-dress their needs in staffing and funding. It is our opinion that the proposed $50 million of funding per year for five years will not support the bill’s expanded programming.’’ For these reasons I oppose this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. The Act does not include a single provision that will reduce the prison time of persons who are serving unfair sentences for low-level of-fenses. Even supporters of the bill like FAMM states, ‘‘sentencing reform should be included in any final justice reform package.’’ The Act uses an untested and potentially ra-cially and socially discriminatory risk assess-ment to identify individuals who are eligible to earn credits, which primarily depends on static factors that correlate with socioeconomic class and race, such as criminal history, to assess the risk. Therefore, it will likely fail to reduce crime or mass incarceration. The Act’s exclusions would likely have a disparate impact on racial minorities because the bill excludes individuals convicted of cer-tain categories of offenses from redeeming credits towards early release, even if they suc-cessfully complete the program. The Act leaves it to the discretion of prison wardens to determine who can use their cred-its and when. Early release would be into a halfway house system which is so underfunded that there is no bed space. Therefore, it will be unlikely that prisoners can truly be released given the re-ality of the current halfway house system. The Act gives a false sense of hope be-cause it wraps the empty promise of prison re-form around exclusions and wide breadth of discretion to a full-throated opponent to prison reform, policing reform and sentencing reform, in Jeff Sessions. BOP already has broad authority to imple-ment the positive provisions of the bill, but has opted not to and Sessions cannot be trusted to implement these provisions. The FIRST STEP Act includes a list of pris-oners who are ineligible for time credits if they participate in recidivism reduction programs by virtue of their convictions for certain offenses. Prisoners who are excluded from time credits are those convicted under Title 18, in the fol-lowing sections: ‘‘(i) Section 113(a)(1), relating to assault with intent to commit murder. ‘‘(ii) Section 115, relating to influencing, im-peding, or retaliating against a Federal official by injuring a family member, except for a threat made in violation of that section. ‘‘(iii) Any section of chapter 10, relating to biological weapons. ‘‘(iv) Any section of chapter 11B, relating to chemical weapons. ‘‘(v) Section 351, relating to Congressional, Cabinet, and Supreme Court assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(vi) Section 793, relating to gathering, transmitting, or losing defense information. ‘‘(vii) Section 794, relating to gathering or delivering defense information to aid a foreign government. ‘‘(viii) Any section of chapter 39, relating to explosives and other dangerous articles, ex-cept for section 836 (relating to the transpor-tation of fireworks into a State prohibiting sale or use). ‘‘(ix) Section 842(p), relating to distribution of information relating to explosive, destructive devices, and weapons of mass destruction, but only if the conviction involved a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c)(2) of such title). ‘‘(x) Subsection (f)(3), (h), or (i) of section 844, relating to the use of fire or an explosive. ‘‘(xi) Section 924(e), relating to unlawful possession of a firearm by a person with 3 or more convictions for a violent felony. ‘‘(xii) Section 1030(a)(1), relating to fraud and related activity in connection with com-puters. ‘‘(xiii) Any section of chapter 51, relating to homicide, except for section 1112 (relating to manslaughter), 1113 (relating to attempt to commit murder or manslaughter, but only if the conviction was for an attempt to commit manslaughter), 1115 (relating to misconduct or neglect of ship officers), or 1122 (relating to protection against the human immuno-deficiency virus). ‘‘(xiv) Any section of chapter 55, relating to kidnapping. ‘‘(xv) Any offense under chapter 77, relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons, except for sections 1592 through 1596. ‘‘(xvi) Section 1751, relating to Presidential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnap-ping, and assault. ‘‘(xvii) Section 1841(a)(2)(C), relating to in-tentionally killing or attempting to kill an un-born child. ‘‘(xviii) Section 1992, relating to terrorist at-tacks and other violence against railroad car-riers and against mass transportation systems on land, on water, or through the air. ‘‘(xix) Section 2113(e), relating to bank rob-bery resulting in death. ‘‘(xx) Section 2118(c)(2), relating to rob-beries and burglaries involving controlled sub-stances resulting in death. ‘‘(xxi) Section 2119(3), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’) that results in death. ‘‘(xxii) Any section of chapter 105, relating to sabotage, except for section 2152. ‘‘(xxiii) Any section of chapter 109A, relating to sexual abuse, except that with regard to section 2244, only a conviction under sub-section (c) of that section (relating to abusive sexual contact involving young children) shall make a prisoner ineligible under this subpara-graph. ‘‘(xxiv) Section 2251, relating to the sexual exploitation of children. ‘‘(xxv) Section 2251A, relating to the selling or buying of children. ‘‘(xxvi) Any of paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 2252(a), relating to certain activities relating to material involving the sexual exploi-tation of minors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.012 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4316 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(xxvii) A second or subsequent conviction under any of paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 2252A(a), relating to certain activities relating to material constituting or containing child pornography. ‘‘(xxviii) Section 2260, relating to the produc-tion of sexually explicit depictions of a minor for importation into the United States. ‘‘(xxix) Section 2283, relating to the trans-portation of explosive, biological, chemical, or radioactive or nuclear materials. ‘‘(xxx) Section 2284, relating to the transpor-tation of terrorists. ‘‘(xxxi) Section 2291, relating to the destruc-tion of a vessel or maritime facility, but only if the conduct which led to the conviction in-volved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xxxii) Any section of chapter 113B, relating to terrorism. ‘‘(xxxiii) Section 2340A, relating to torture. ‘‘(xxxiv) Section 2381, relating to treason. ‘‘(xxxv) Section 2442, relating to the recruit-ment or use of child soldiers. The exclusions also apply to convictions under the following sections of Title 42, Title 49, Title 21, Title 8 and Title 50: ‘‘(xxxvi) Section 57(b) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)), relating to the engagement or participation in the devel-opment or production of special nuclear mate-rial. ‘‘(xxxvii) Section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2122), relating to pro-hibitions governing atomic weapons. ‘‘(xxxviii) Section 101 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2131), relating to the atomic, energy license requirement. ‘‘(xxxix) Section 224 or 225 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2274, 2275), relating to the communication or receipt of re-stricted data. ‘‘(xl) Section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), relating to the sabo-tage of nuclear facilities or fuel. ‘‘(xli) Section 60123(b) of title 49, United States Code, relating to damaging or destroy-ing a pipeline facility, but only if the conduct which led to the conviction involved a substan-tial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xlii) Section 401(a) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841), relating to manu-facturing or distributing a controlled substance, but only in the case of a conviction for an of-fense described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(1) of that section for which death or serious bodily injury resulted from the use of such substance. ‘‘(xliii) Section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326), relating to the reentry of a removed alien, but only if the alien is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of sub-section (b) of that section. ‘‘(xliv) Any section of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.) ‘‘(xlv) Section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705). ‘‘(xlvi) Section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3121), relating to the protection of identities of certain United States undercover intelligence officers, agents, in-formants, and sources. The exclusions also apply those prisoners convicted of a prior Federal or State ‘‘serious violent felony,’’ described as follows (in Title 18): ‘‘(xlvii) An offense described in section 3559(c)(2)(F), for which the offender was sen-tenced to a term of imprisonment of more than one year, if the offender has a previous con-viction, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than one year, for a Federal or State offense, by whatever des-ignation and wherever committed, consisting of murder (as described in section 1111), vol-untary manslaughter (as described in section 1112), assault with intent to commit murder (as described in section 113(a)), aggravated sexual abuse and sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242), abusive sexual contact (as described in sections 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2)), kidnapping (as described in chap-ter 55), carjacking (as described in section 2119), arson (as described in section 844(f)(3), (h), or (i)), or terrorism (as described in chapter 113B. Finally, prisoners may not obtain credit for participation in recidivism reduction programs if they: (1) completed recidivism reduction pro-gramming before enactment of the Act; (2) completed recidivism reduction programming during official detention before moving to Bu-reau of Prisons; or (3) are inadmissible or de-portable under immigration law. 
THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE  
ONCIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , Washington, DC, May 21, 2018. V
OTE‘‘NO’’ ONTHEFIRST STEP A CT D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and the 109 undersigned organiza-tions, we write to urge you to vote NO on The FIRST STEP Act (H.R. 5682). While well intentioned, this bill takes a misguided ap-proach to reforming our federal justice sys-tem. Without question, we appreciate the in-clusion of some promising provisions to ad-dress some of the problems in the federal prison system, however, the Bureau of Pris-ons (BOP) already has broad authority to make the majority of these changes through administrative action. In sum, this bill falls short on its promise to ‘‘meaningfully’’ tack-le the problems in the federal justice sys-tem—racial disparities, draconian manda-tory minimum sentences, persistent over-crowding, lack of rehabilitation, and the ex-orbitant costs of incarceration. Decisions we make now through this bill could have deep implications for our ability to impact the abiding and deepening harms that lead to mass incarceration. As such, we continue to have several, grave concerns with The FIRST STEP Act, includ-ing: The Dangerous ‘‘Risk Assessment Sys-tem’’: The Act purports to offer people in prison the chance to ‘‘earn time credits’’ to-wards early release to pre-release custody— but by building and placing a ‘‘risk and needs assessment’’ algorithm in the hands of the Attorney General—one not required to be designed or tailored for the individuals it is meant to judge—we risk embedding deep racial and class bias into decisions that heavily impact the lives and futures of fed-eral prisoners and their families. Researchers have shown that risk assess-ment tools applied in sentencing decisions in Florida—meant to predict recidivism—were twice as likely to be wrong when evaluating Black people as White people. One of the first independent studies analyzing the use of risk assessment in pretrial showed that decisionmakers using risk assessment tools—in this case, Kentucky judges—ig-nored their results over time, while also overseeing an increase in failures-to-appear at court and an increase in pretrial arrests. A further recent analysis showed that risk assessment tools are as accurate as a pre-diction made by a random human selected over the Internet. We cannot introduce algorithmic risk as-sessment into the assignment of housing and release decisions or rehabilitative opportuni-ties without sufficient transparency, inde-pendent testing for decarceral and anti-rac-ist results prior to implementation, and reg-ular effective oversight for not just what the tool purports to predict, but how decision-makers in our prison system use it. The Act uses ‘‘risk assessments’’ in an untested man-ner. It fails to ensure transparency, inde-pendent testing, or analysis of the proposed risk assessment system or its results prior to its adoption or implementation. And again, it doesn’t require the tool to be designed or tailored for the individuals it is meant to judge. Without these things, and in the hands of the nation’s most prominent proponent of a punishing, rather than a rehabilitative criminal justice system, ‘‘risk assessments’’ will further embed racism into the meting out of resources that could change prisoners’ lives—like access to treatment, work, and most importantly, the ability to earn time off of a sentence. The Overbroad List of Exclusions: The ma-jority of people in prison will eventually be released. Categorically excluding entire groups of people from receiving early-release credits will undermine efforts to reduce pris-on overcrowding and improve public safety since such exclusions weaken the incentive to participate in recidivism-reduction pro-gramming. Furthermore, many of these ex-clusions, such as those based on immigra-tion-related offenses, could have a dispropor-tionate impact on people of color. The Overbroad Discretion Provided to At-torney General Sessions: The bill gives broad authority to the Attorney General and would rely upon implementation by this adminis-tration. Despite assurances to the contrary, this administration has failed to take any active steps to improve the justice system, has dismantled existing protections, and has shown outright hostility to people of color and other historically marginalized commu-nities. Furthermore, Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a well-known, longtime opponent of sentencing and prison reform. It would be unwise and harmful to vest so much discre-tion in an Attorney General so hostile to meaningful justice reform. The Misplaced Incentive System: Effec-tively reducing recidivism requires targeting those most likely to reoffend with rehabili-tative programming. Yet, under this bill, only ‘‘minimum’’ and ‘‘low-risk’’ prisoners would be able to redeem their earned time credits, and they would earn more credits than prisoners categorized as ‘‘medium’’ or ‘‘high-risk.’’ Given that time credits would also be subject to denial by the BOP warden and they are not real time off of a sentence but rather a flawed mechanism to transition into a decreasing number of halfway houses or to home confinement that is rarely used by BOP, the bill is unlikely to provide the incentives that would meaningfully reduce recidivism. Allows for the privatization of certain pub-lic functions and allows private entities to profit from incarceration. The bill retains a provision that in order to expand program-ming and productive activities, the Attorney General shall develop policies for wardens of each BOP facility to enter into partnerships with private entities and industry-sponsored organizations. The Absence of Appropriations for Imple-mentation: The resources needed to expand programming authorized under the bill have not been—and may never be—appropriated. In fact, Congress could decide today, absent this legislation, that prison programming should be funded and increase the BOP’s budget by $50 million a year for the next five 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.012 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4317 May 22, 2018 
years. Instead, the FY19 BOP budget calls for a reduction. Furthermore, the recidivism re-duction programming that currently exists in the federal prison system is grossly under-funded and not enough to serve those cur-rently incarcerated. Therefore, without any guarantees that the necessary funding will be appropriated, this bill is an empty prom-ise. The Undetermined Human and Fiscal Im-pact: It is unclear what the fiscal impact of this bill will be, given that the Congressional Budget Office has not released a score for the bill. Moreover, it is unclear what the human impact of this bill will be, given that neither the BOP nor the U.S. Sentencing Commis-sion has produced updated estimates on the number of people projected to be impacted by the legislation. Proponents argue that at least 4,000 people will be impacted by the good time fix alone; however, relying on that number is misleading because it is based upon data that is over a decade old. No hear-ings have been held and there is no CBO score available in order to explore these questions further. The Omission of Sentencing Reform: Sen-tencing reform and prison reform are both important, but one will not work without the other. Meaningful reform requires both. Furthermore, advancing prison reform as a stand-alone will undermine longstanding, bi-partisan efforts in the Senate to advance a comprehensive justice reform package that includes sentencing reform. Last week, we were joined by over 70 civil rights organizations in opposing this well-in-tentioned, but misguided legislation at the House Judiciary Committee markup. Many of our concerns were also shared by the American Federation of Government Em-ployees representing 33,000 federal correc-tional workers in the Bureau of Prisons, as well as Representatives Lewis, Jackson Lee, and Senators Durbin, Booker, and Harris in a recent Dear Colleague letter. While we ap-preciate the inclination to support legisla-tion that endeavors to reform our prison sys-tem, we believe that this particular bill would do more harm than good and would have unintended consequences that ripple into the future. Finally, if presented with one choice, ‘‘to take what we can get now,’’ then we must ensure that ‘‘what we get’’ will not perpet-uate the existing harms of mass incarcer-ation or give false hope to the men and women languishing in prison and the com-munities we represent. Our communities are being demonized and criminalized so we must stand firm to resist the lure of a com-promise that is ultimately a false promise that may never be realized and isn’t in their best interests. For the foregoing reasons, we urge you to vote ‘‘No’’ on the FIRST STEP Act and The Leadership Conference will include your po-sition on the bill in our voting scorecard for the 115th Congress. Sincerely, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; 334 East 92nd Street Tenant Association; A. Philip Randolph Institute; African American Ministers In Action; American Civil Liberties Union; American Federation of Labor-Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL–CIO); American Human-ist Association; Arkansas United Commu-nity Coalition; Asian Americans Advancing Justice—AAJC; Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance; Association of University Centers on Disabilities (AUCD); Autistic Self Advocacy Network; Autistic Women & Non-binary Network; Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law; Bend the Arc Jewish Action; Black Alliance for Just Immigration; Bren-nan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law; Buried Alive Project; Campaign for Youth Justice; Casa de Esperanza: National Latin@ Network for Healthy Families and Communities. Center for Community Change Action; Center for Community Self-Help; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Center for Popular Democracy; Center for Responsible Lending; Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights (CHIRLA); Coalition of Black Trade Unionists; Coalition on Human Needs; CURE (Citizens United for Rehabilitation of Errants); Defending Rights & Dissent; Demos; Disability Rights Education & De-fense Fund; Drug Policy Alliance (DPA); Equal Justice Society; Equal Rights Advo-cates; Equality California; Equity Matters; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Faith Action Network—Washington State; Faith in Public Life. Government Information Watch; Harm Re-duction Coalition; Hip Hop Caucus; Hispanic Federation; Human Rights Watch; Immi-grant Legal Resource Center; Indivisible; Japanese American Citizens League; Jewish Council for Public Affairs (JCPA); Justice Strategies; Juvenile Law Center; LatinoJustice PRLDEF; Law Enforcement Action Partnership; Let’s Start, Inc.; Mommieactivist and Sons; MomsRising; NAACP; NAACP Legal Defense and Edu-cational Fund, Inc.; National Action Net-work’s Washington Bureau; National Alli-ance to End Sexual Violence. National Association of Human Rights Workers; National Association of Social Worker; National Bar Association (NBA); National Black Justice Coalition; National Center for Lesbian Rights; National Coali-tion Against Domestic Violence; National Coalition on Black Civic Participation; Na-tional Council of Churches; National Dis-ability Rights Network; National Education Association; National Employment Law Project; National Hispanic Media Coalition; National Immigrant Justice Center; Na-tional Immigration Law Center; National Immigration Project of the National Law-yers Guild; National Juvenile Justice Net-work; National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund; National Organization for Women; Na-tional Organization of Black Law Enforce-ment Executives (NOBLE); National Reli-gious Campaign Against Torture. NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Jus-tice; Pennsylvania Immigration and Citizen-ship Coalition; People For the American Way (PFAW); PFLAG National; Prison Policy Ini-tiative; Safer Foundation; Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law; Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund (SALDEF); Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC); Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC); Students for Sensible Drug Policy; The Center for Media Justice; The Daniel Initiative; The Decarceration Collec-tive. The National Council for Incarcerated and Formerly Incarcerated Women and Girls; The United Church of Christ; The United Methodist Church—General Board of Church and Society; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; UndocuBlack Network; UnidosUS; Union for Reform Judaism; United Church of Christ, Local Church Min-istries; United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries; United We Dream; V-Day and One Billion Rising; Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs; We Belong Together; Woodhull Freedom Foundation; World Without Genocide. T HESENTENCING PROJECT , Washington, DC, May 21, 2018. Re FIRST STEP Act, H.R. 5682, falls far short of meaningful criminal justice re-form. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCONNELL AND MINORITY LEADERS PELOSI  
AND SCHUMER : As Congress prepares to con-sider the FIRST STEP Act, I write to ex-press The Sentencing Project’s significant concerns regarding the bill’s deficiencies in addressing the overcrowding, staffing and programming crisis within the Bureau of Prisons (BOP). Reform of the federal prison and sentencing system is long overdue and The Sentencing Project has been at the fore-front of promoting comprehensive rec-ommendations to ensure a more humane, fair and proportional system for more than two decades. Unfortunately, H.R. 5683 falls short of these objectives in two key areas. First, it would divert limited resources for program-ming by requiring a complex risk assessment process that would primarily benefit people deemed at a low or minimal risk of recidivating. Second, without provisions in the bill to reduce the excessive sentencing produced by mandatory minimums for drug offenses, overcrowding will persist and there-by divert resources from programs to reduce recidivism. The federal prison system currently oper-ates at 14 percent above capacity, and at higher rates at high and medium security in-stitutions, 24 percent and 18 percent respec-tively. Along with an ‘‘inmate to correc-tional officer’’ ratio among the highest in the country at 8.9 to 1, prison safety con-cerns are at critical levels. Indeed, the rate for some types of assaults in federal prisons has steadily increased since 2014. In order to successfully reform the federal prison sys-tem, including improving conditions of con-finement in areas such as medical and men-tal health care, and to comprehensively re-habilitate instead of warehouse the people confined within, Congress should adopt poli-cies to reduce the population, invest in cor-rectional and programming staff, and fully fund programming for all incarcerated peo-ple. H.R. 5682 would authorize only $50 million per year to carry out the bill’s mandates to create a risk assessment tool to determine earned time credit eligibility, and expand programming and community corrections capacity. While The Sentencing Project sup-ports the bill sponsors’ stated intentions to reform prisons, their promises of change ring hollow. For example, the bill excludes thou-sands of people in prison from benefiting from the programming incentives that allow for earlier transition into community cor-rections. By doing so it conflicts with re-search that demonstrates that prison pro-gramming and associated incentives are most cost-effective when provided to the highest risk groups. Current authorization levels will only scratch the surface in overcoming the huge deficit of programming at the BOP. Indeed, the waiting list for the BOP’s literacy pro-gram alone is 16,000. Moreover, because of overcrowding and staff shortages, many pro-gramming staff are regularly required to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.013 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4318 May 22, 2018 
augment correctional officer duties, result-ing in fewer programming opportunities. This staffing shortage may partly explain why the number of people completing their GED dropped by 59 percent between FY2016 and FY2017. Congress must take more deter-mined and thoughtful steps to change this dire situation. The Sentencing Project is pleased by the growing bipartisan consensus among law-makers to prioritize change in the nation’s criminal justice system. We will continue to be a part of this conversation and look for-ward to strengthening effective bipartisan reforms to achieve shared goals of justice, fairness and safety. Sincerely, M
ARCMAUER , Executive Director. 
[From the Washington Post, May 21, 2018] T
HERE ’SSOMETHING HUGEMISSING FROM THE  W
HITE HOUSE ’SPRISON BILL (By Eric H. Holder Jr.) Over the past decade, Republicans and Democrats across the country have joined forces to advocate for a fairer, more effective criminal-justice system—one that would keep us safe while reducing unnecessary mass incarceration. At the heart of that ef-fort has been an attempt to reduce overly punitive sentences that fill our prisons for no discernible public-safety rationale. But now the Trump administration is pushing a misguided legislative effort—like-ly to be voted on in the House this week— that threatens to derail momentum for sen-tencing reform. The bill is a tempting half- measure, but lawmakers should resist the lure. The chance to implement real, com-prehensive reform may not come again any time soon. It’s easy to miss, but the push for bipar-tisan sentencing reform has slowly been gaining strength. It was nothing short of re-markable when Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R– Iowa) led the Senate Judiciary Committee this past February to approve a measure that would revise the federal government’s outdated federal mandatory minimum sen-tences. Grassley’s move—in direct defiance of the administration—was the most signifi-cant legislative step toward federal criminal- justice reform in decades. Unfortunately, this progress has hit a roadblock with the Trump administration’s modest prison reform bill, called the First Step Act. The bill seeks to improve prison conditions—such as by requiring that in-mates be housed within 500 driving miles of their families and by prohibiting shackles on pregnant women. It also includes education, job training and other personal development programs, as well as a system of incentives to participate in the programs. These narrow reforms are important, but they do not re-quire congressional action, nor do they de-liver the transformative change we need. The only way to do that is by amending the bill to include comprehensive, bipartisan sen-tencing reform. Why is this so important? The statistics are stark and, by now, well-known. The United States has 5 percent of the world’s population, but 25 percent of its prisoners. Mass incarceration is a core civil rights struggle for this generation: One in three black men will be behind bars at some point, a disparity that perpetuates underemploy-ment in the black community and contrib-utes to the racial wealth gap. The system is hugely expensive and ultimately unfair. And it is not necessary to prevent and punish crime. It is impossible to right this wrong unless we send the right people to prison for appro-priate lengths of time. That starts by mak-ing sure that federal prison sentences are smart on crime rather than thoughtlessly ‘‘tough.’’ The Justice Department worked to-ward that goal when I led the agency under President Barack Obama, blunting the im-pact of harsh mandatory minimum sentences by directing federal prosecutors to seek lower charges when possible. It worked. The federal prison population dropped while the nation continued to experience near-record- low crime rates. As Grassley’s support shows, this is not just a priority for Democrats. He worked with Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D–Ill.) and oth-ers to advance the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, which would reduce some mandatory minimum sentences. The bill failed in 2016 as a victim of election-year pol-itics, but when Grassley doggedly brought it up again in February, it passed through the committee by a vote of 16 to 5, with support from several members of his own party. Republicans and Democrats are enacting bold sentencing reforms at the state level, too. Texas, Oklahoma and Massachusetts are just a few of the states that have made changes to cut back on overly punitive man-datory minimum sentences. Unfortunately, the White House has dif-ferent ideas. President Trump warned of ‘‘American carnage’’ in his inaugural ad-dress, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions has stoked false and misleading claims of rising crime. Bowing to the president’s most extreme allies, the White House has put for-ward the First Step Act, which leaves out sentencing reform entirely. By choosing a tepid approach, the prison bill abandons years of work and risks mak-ing it harder for Congress to advance more serious legislation in the future. Meaningful sentencing reform will be less likely to occur if the narrow prison bill is enacted. Fortunately, lawmakers have time to change course. They can ensure that any leg-islation includes sentencing reform, on which there is such strong consensus. Pro-gressive lawmakers in particular should fight to extend, not abandon, the Obama ad-ministration’s criminal-justice legacy. Con-servative allies such as Grassley have stepped forward for a shared strategy and needed policies; Democrats should stand with them. Nobody is under any illusions: Criminal- justice reform is hard. The White House might scuttle the bill entirely, and wavering members of Congress might balk. But to re-form America’s prisons, we must change the laws that send people to them in the first place. Anything less represents a failure of leadership. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close if the other side is, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in spite of the good in-tentions of this bill, I believe the re-strictions in the incentive system it would create with respect to recidivism reduction programming could com-pound the injustices that occur at ear-lier stages of the criminal justice proc-ess; that its approval would lessen the odds of achieving sentencing reform; and that, on balance, the negatives outweigh the positives of this bill. A broad spectrum of dozens of civil rights and other organizations agree and oppose this bill, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the ACLU, the NAACP, the NAACP Legal and Education De-fense Fund, the American Federation of Federal Government Employees Council of Prison Locals, the National Immigration Law Center, and Human Rights Watch. For the reasons I have outlined today, I reluctantly oppose H.R. 5682 and ask that my colleagues do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to not oppose this very important piece of legislation before us today. It ap-pears their opposition to the legisla-tion is based upon what is not in the legislation rather than what is actu-ally in it. I don’t believe there is a sin-gle provision in the bill that they op-pose. b1345 In fact, many of the provisions in this bill are there because they specifi-cally asked for them. For example, Democrats asked for a fix to the way the Bureau of Prisons calculates good time credit. We made changes to clar-ify congressional intent on that sec-tion. They also asked for language on the risk assessments to ensure that dy-namic factors were used to evaluate a prisoner’s risk of recidivating. That re-quest was honored. Various pilot pro-grams and a prohibition of shackling pregnant inmates were also placed in the legislation at the request of Demo-crats. Good requests, good changes, and these are only a few of the many re-quests that were honored. Voting against this meaningful and important bill is a disservice to those men and women currently incarcerated and their families. It is a disservice to those great men and women who work in our Bureau of Prisons, and it is a disservice to the American people. The vast majority of those incarcer-ated are going to get out one day. Let’s make sure they have the tools and the resources to successfully reenter soci-ety. H.R. 5682 does just that. I urge my colleagues to support the FIRST STEP Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of H.R. 5682, the FIRST STEP Act. While I support several provisions in the legis-lation, including prohibiting shackling of preg-nant inmates, requiring that individuals be in-carcerated closer to their families, and clari-fying good time calculations, I cannot support other provisions of the legislation. I strongly believe the House should be working to ensure that once convicted individ-uals have paid their debt to society they have the skills and support to reintegrate into soci-ety, but this bill puts in place too many bar-riers to that goal. The bill excludes undocumented individuals, including those who remained in the United States longer than authorized from the recidi-vism reduction programming. Worse, the bill also excludes some lawful permanent resi-dents from the program and could trigger their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.016 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4319 May 22, 2018 
removal. The bill also excludes those who have been convicted of drug crimes, including marijuana related convictions. Given that immigrant and minority commu-nities make up a disproportionate share of im-migration and drug related offenders in the criminal justice system, these exclusions will by their very nature exclude those who most need the benefits of the bill. Finally, any conversation about reducing re-cidivism must include sentencing reform that would keep low risk nonviolent offenders out of prison in the first place and address our draconian federal mandatory minimum laws. Mr. Speaker, we can do better, and we must do better if we are to address this issue. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, first I would like to acknowledge the gentleman from Georgia, Representa-tive D
OUGCOLLINS , and the gentleman from New York, Representative H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , for their hard work and dedication in improving this bill over the last several weeks. Historically, the United States of America has been plagued with serious, fundamental problems within our criminal justice system. For far too long, policymakers have chosen to play politics and disapprove of common- sense policy that is specifically geared towards reducing crime by instead en-acting so-called ‘‘tough on crime’’ slo-gans and soundbites, such as ‘‘three strikes and you’re out,’’ ‘‘mandatory minimum sentencing,’’ and even rhymes such as, ‘‘you do the adult crime, you do the adult time.’’ These policies may sound appealing, but their impact ranges from a negligible reduc-tion in crime to an actual increase in crime. Turning to the bill we are debating today, I recognize that the FIRST STEP Act includes a fix to the calcula-tion of good time credit, which I have sought for many years. Calculating good time credit as Congress had origi-nally intended is a serious improve-ment made by this bill. This bill also improves the auditing process for en-forcing the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) to protect prisoners from sexual assault. It places prohibitions on shackling pregnant and post-partum women. The bill expands the use and transparency of compassionate release for terminally ill prisoners. It also re-quires the federal Bureau of Prisons to house prisoners closer to their primary residence, so they can maintain ties to their family and community. And there is a significant investment in programs designed to reduce recidivism. But process is essential to crafting an effective bill. There were no hear-ings on this bill. Nor has a CBO score been done. Nor has a prison impact analysis been prepared. And it is obvi-ous that experts had little to do with drafting the bill. As a result of this process, there are several problems with the bill. First, the version of the bill we are voting on today is unneces-sarily complicated by the use of a risk assessment tool. I have reached out to experts in the field of prison reform, and I have not found anyone who will say that risk assessment tools should be used to determine which prisoners can use time credits to gain early re-lease from prison. Instead, they sug-gest that simply increasing program-ming for everyone will reduce recidi-vism and the complicated risk assess-ments are unnecessary and will stand in the way of reducing recidivism for many prisoners. The risk assessment process may also exacerbate existing racial disparities in the federal prison system. Second, experts have raised serious concerns about excluding groups of prisoners from this program who we know will be released from prison and therefore should be involved in the pro-gram. Third, there are questions of cost and funding. The Bureau of Prisons has cut contracts with halfway houses and ter-minated 6,000 correctional officers. This bill cannot achieve its goals with-out an adequately staffed prison sys-tem, as well as sufficient space at half-way houses. Even in the absence of hearings and experts, we can see that some of the opposition to this bill is almost com-ical, because it is lodged by advocates who support other legislation that car-ries the same provisions that are either similar to or worse than what they complain about in the FIRST STEP Act. Others oppose the bill because it does not include sentencing reform and therefore does not address mass incar-ceration. Unfortunately, the bill those advocates hold up as ‘‘sentencing re-form’’ fails to make any meaningful re-duction in mass incarceration, and may in fact add to mass incarceration. It is in the context of this absurd process that we have to vote on this legislation. Unfortunately, without the appropriate analysis, we can only guess about its impact. Based on that guess, it is my determination that no prisoner will be worse off, but many may be sig-nificantly better off, under the FIRST STEP Act. I expect that public safety will be enhanced by this bill, because more people will receive programming to reduce their likelihood to commit future crimes. Although this is a shameful process, I will therefore sup-port the bill. Mr. Speaker, as the process moves forward, I hope that the sponsors of this legislation will continue to im-prove it, based on evidence and re-search. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today the House is expected to consider H.R. 5682—the Formerly Incarcer-ated Reenter Society Transformed Safely Transitioning Every Person Act or FIRST STEP Act. This bill represents a good faith ef-fort to improve the reintegration of incarcer-ated individuals back into their communities and reduce recidivism. In this political climate, we must always strive to achieve meaningful reforms wherever possible. I believe that the FIRST STEP Act will do just that and I intend to vote for this measure when it is considered on the floor. I acknowledge that this is not a perfect bill. Very few are, if any. However, the STEP Act will offer a new opportunity for incarcerated in-dividuals to participate in evidence-based pro-gramming to reduce their likelihood of recidi-vism. It is a bill that is supported by prominent civil rights and criminal justice reform organi-zations such as the National Urban League and the Texas Criminal Justice Coalition. It passed the House Judiciary Committee on a 25–5 vote, and I feel even more confidently about its passage on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that this Congress can do more to not only reduce re-cidivism through ‘‘back-end reform,’’ but also engage in ‘‘front-end reform’’ to keep individ-uals out of prison in the first place. However, we must consider a bill entirely on its merits and not just oppose a measure because it does not go far enough in its reforms. The FIRST STEP Act is exactly that—a first step to make meaningful and impactful changes to our prison system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5682, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR GREATER WASH-INGTON SOAP BOX DERBY Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 113) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 113 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR SOAP BOX DERBY RACES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association (in this resolu-tion referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, soap box derby races (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds. (b) D
ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be held on June 16, 2018, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— (1) free of admission charge and open to the public; and (2) arranged not to interfere with the needs of Congress. (b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-sor shall assume full responsibility for all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.017 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4320 May 22, 2018 
expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment as may be re-quired for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-itol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be re-quired to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, with respect to the event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H. Con. Res. 113. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 113 author-izes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby in June. The mission of the Soap Box Derby is to build knowledge and character in our children and to teach them fair and honest competi-tion. This American tradition, started in 1934, encourages kids to be creative and teaches them problem-solving and en-gineering skills. I am pleased this tra-dition continues, including in my home State of Pennsylvania. Winners from this local competition will join winners of other races in competing at the world championship in Akron, Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I share the enthusiasm of the chairman for the Soap Box Derby. I speak in favor of this resolu-tion. I also want to thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for intro-ducing this resolution every Congress on behalf of the Washington regional delegation. This annual competitive event en-courages boys and girls, ages 7 through 20, to construct, operate, and then race their very own soap box vehicles. It has become a great tradition here in the Nation’s Capital, and it has been going on for over 20 years. It provides a ter-rific opportunity for children to appre-ciate the workmanship, the craftsman-ship, the time, the effort that goes into the construction of these vehicles, and then they get to enjoy the thrill of the race and competition. The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby organizers will work with the Architect of the Capitol and with the Capitol Police to ensure that the ap-propriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event remains free to the public. I want to encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and then to come out on June 16 to participate in this exciting event. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), my colleague and leader. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. T
ITUS, and I thank the chairman for bringing the bill to the floor. I rise in strong support. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor every year that I have the opportunity to introduce this resolution and to sup-port it on the floor. I just heard the remarks of the gen-tlewoman from Nevada. I thank her very much for her support, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his remarks. This is the 77th year our region’s Soap Box Derby will be a fun and edu-cational event that brings families to-gether. It will be held on Saturday, June 16, as I am sure has already been said, and you will see soap box racers from ages 8 to 17 compete in three divi-sions: stock, super stock, and masters. The winner from each one of these di-visions, Mr. Speaker, will go on to compete at the national All-American Soap Box Derby, held each year in Akron, Ohio. I was very proud of last year’s win-ners from Maryland’s Fifth District, 11- year-olds Ian Jameson in the stock class and Ryan Jameson in super stock. These twin brothers are from Hollywood, Maryland, the county in which I live, which is the most south-ern county in our State. They worked hard on their soap box racers, as did all the other young people who partici-pated. Ian Jameson went on to win fourth place at the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron. Maryland’s Fifth Dis-trict has been home to several Greater Washington Soap Box Derby champions in recent years, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014. Is there any doubt in any Member’s mind why I am so supportive of the Soap Box Derby? We do very well in the derby. Our racers even won na-tional championships in 2007 and 2008. I feel confident that the Fifth Dis-trict racers will continue to shine this year. Soap box derbies have been called the greatest amateur racing event in the world. They have a long tradition in our country, and many Americans carry fond memories of building soap box racers with their parents or other relatives when they were young. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in strong support of this All-American ac-tivity that will happen right here on the Nation’s Capitol Hill. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, as you know, I represent Las Vegas. I am not sure we can take bets on the Soap Box Derby in Las Vegas, but I would say the odds are in favor of somebody from your district winning if it does occur. We have no other speakers, and so I just urge my colleagues to vote in favor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 113. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 905, I call up the bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 905, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2155 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—IMPROVING CONSUMER ACCESS TO MORTGAGE CREDIT Sec. 101. Minimum standards for residential mortgage loans. Sec. 102. Safeguarding access to habitat for humanity homes. Sec. 103. Exemption from appraisals of real property located in rural areas. Sec. 104. Home Mortgage Disclosure Act ad-justment and study. Sec. 105. Credit union residential loans. Sec. 106. Eliminating barriers to jobs for loan originators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.018 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4321 May 22, 2018 
Sec. 107. Protecting access to manufactured homes. Sec. 108. Escrow requirements relating to certain consumer credit trans-actions. Sec. 109. No wait for lower mortgage rates. TITLE II—REGULATORY RELIEF AND PROTECTING CONSUMER ACCESS TO CREDIT Sec. 201. Capital simplification for quali-fying community banks. Sec. 202. Limited exception for reciprocal deposits. Sec. 203. Community bank relief. Sec. 204. Removing naming restrictions. Sec. 205. Short form call reports. Sec. 206. Option for Federal savings associa-tions to operate as covered sav-ings associations. Sec. 207. Small bank holding company pol-icy statement. Sec. 208. Application of the Expedited Funds Availability Act. Sec. 209. Small public housing agencies. Sec. 210. Examination cycle. Sec. 211. International insurance capital standards accountability. Sec. 212. Budget transparency for the NCUA. Sec. 213. Making online banking initiation legal and easy. Sec. 214. Promoting construction and devel-opment on Main Street. Sec. 215. Reducing identity fraud. Sec. 216. Treasury report on risks of cyber threats. Sec. 217. Discretionary surplus funds. TITLE III—PROTECTIONS FOR VET-ERANS, CONSUMERS, AND HOME-OWNERS Sec. 301. Protecting consumers’ credit. Sec. 302. Protecting veterans’ credit. Sec. 303. Immunity from suit for disclosure of financial exploitation of sen-ior citizens. Sec. 304. Restoration of the Protecting Ten-ants at Foreclosure Act of 2009. Sec. 305. Remediating lead and asbestos haz-ards. Sec. 306. Family self-sufficiency program. Sec. 307. Property Assessed Clean Energy fi-nancing. Sec. 308. GAO report on consumer reporting agencies. Sec. 309. Protecting veterans from predatory lending. Sec. 310. Credit score competition. Sec. 311. GAO report on Puerto Rico fore-closures. Sec. 312. Report on children’s lead-based paint hazard prevention and abatement. Sec. 313. Foreclosure relief and extension for servicemembers. TITLE IV—TAILORING REGULATIONS FOR CERTAIN BANK HOLDING COMPA-NIES Sec. 401. Enhanced supervision and pruden-tial standards for certain bank holding companies. Sec. 402. Supplementary leverage ratio for custodial banks. Sec. 403. Treatment of certain municipal ob-ligations. TITLE V—ENCOURAGING CAPITAL FORMATION Sec. 501. National securities exchange regu-latory parity. Sec. 502. SEC study on algorithmic trading. Sec. 503. Annual review of government-busi-ness forum on capital forma-tion. Sec. 504. Supporting America’s innovators. Sec. 505. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion overpayment credit. Sec. 506. U.S. territories investor protection. Sec. 507. Encouraging employee ownership. Sec. 508. Improving access to capital. Sec. 509. Parity for closed-end companies re-garding offering and proxy rules. TITLE VI—PROTECTIONS FOR STUDENT BORROWERS Sec. 601. Protections in the event of death or bankruptcy. Sec. 602. Rehabilitation of private education loans. Sec. 603. Best practices for higher education financial literacy. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY ; 
COMPANY ; DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION ; DEPOSI -
TORY INSTITUTION HOLDING COMPANY .—The terms ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’, ‘‘company’’, ‘‘depository institution’’, and ‘‘depository institution holding com-pany’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). (2) B
ANK HOLDING COMPANY .—The term ‘‘bank holding company’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Bank Hold-ing Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841). TITLE I—IMPROVING CONSUMER ACCESS TO MORTGAGE CREDIT 
SEC. 101. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR RESIDEN-TIAL MORTGAGE LOANS. 
Section 129C(b)(2) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c(b)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
AFE HARBOR .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) the term ‘covered institution’ means an insured depository institution or an in-sured credit union that, together with its af-filiates, has less than $10,000,000,000 in total consolidated assets; ‘‘(II) the term ‘insured credit union’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752); ‘‘(III) the term ‘insured depository institu-tion’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); ‘‘(IV) the term ‘interest-only’ means that, under the terms of the legal obligation, one or more of the periodic payments may be ap-plied solely to accrued interest and not to loan principal; and ‘‘(V) the term ‘negative amortization’ means payment of periodic payments that will result in an increase in the principal balance under the terms of the legal obliga-tion. ‘‘(ii) S
AFE HARBOR .—In this section— ‘‘(I) the term ‘qualified mortgage’ includes any residential mortgage loan— ‘‘(aa) that is originated and retained in portfolio by a covered institution; ‘‘(bb) that is in compliance with the limi-tations with respect to prepayment penalties described in subsections (c)(1) and (c)(3); ‘‘(cc) that is in compliance with the re-quirements of clause (vii) of subparagraph (A); ‘‘(dd) that does not have negative amorti-zation or interest-only features; and ‘‘(ee) for which the covered institution con-siders and documents the debt, income, and financial resources of the consumer in ac-cordance with clause (iv); and ‘‘(II) a residential mortgage loan described in subclause (I) shall be deemed to meet the requirements of subsection (a). ‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .— A residential mortgage loan described in clause (ii)(I) shall not qualify for the safe harbor under clause (ii) if the legal title to the residential mortgage loan is sold, as-signed, or otherwise transferred to another person unless the residential mortgage loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred— ‘‘(I) to another person by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of a covered institu-tion; ‘‘(II) to a covered institution so long as the loan is retained in portfolio by the covered institution to which the loan is sold, as-signed, or otherwise transferred; ‘‘(III) pursuant to a merger of a covered in-stitution with another person or the acquisi-tion of a covered institution by another per-son or of another person by a covered insti-tution, so long as the loan is retained in portfolio by the person to whom the loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred; or ‘‘(IV) to a wholly owned subsidiary of a covered institution, provided that, after the sale, assignment, or transfer, the residential mortgage loan is considered to be an asset of the covered institution for regulatory ac-counting purposes. ‘‘(iv) CONSIDERATION AND DOCUMENTATION  
REQUIREMENTS .—The consideration and docu-mentation requirements described in clause (ii)(I)(ee) shall— ‘‘(I) not be construed to require compliance with, or documentation in accordance with, appendix Q to part 1026 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation; and ‘‘(II) be construed to permit multiple methods of documentation.’’. 
SEC. 102. SAFEGUARDING ACCESS TO HABITAT FOR HUMANITY HOMES. 
Section 129E(i)(2) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639e(i)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (2) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO AP -
PRAISAL DONATIONS .—If a fee appraiser volun-tarily donates appraisal services to an orga-nization eligible to receive tax-deductible charitable contributions, such voluntary do-nation shall be considered customary and reasonable for the purposes of paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 103. EXEMPTION FROM APPRAISALS OF REAL PROPERTY LOCATED IN RURAL AREAS. 
Title XI of the Financial Institutions Re-form, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1127. EXEMPTION FROM APPRAISALS OF REAL ESTATE LOCATED IN RURAL AREAS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘mortgage originator’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘transaction value’ means the amount of a loan or extension of credit, in-cluding a loan or extension of credit that is part of a pool of loans or extensions of cred-it. ‘‘(b) A
PPRAISAL NOTREQUIRED .—Except as provided in subsection (d), notwithstanding any other provision of law, an appraisal in connection with a federally related trans-action involving real property or an interest in real property is not required if— ‘‘(1) the real property or interest in real property is located in a rural area, as de-scribed in section 1026.35(b)(2)(iv)(A) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(2) not later than 3 days after the date on which the Closing Disclosure Form, made in accordance with the final rule of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection entitled ‘Integrated Mortgage Disclosures Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z)’ (78 Fed. Reg. 79730 (December 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4322 May 22, 2018 
31, 2013)), relating to the federally related transaction is given to the consumer, the mortgage originator or its agent, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(A) has contacted not fewer than 3 State certified appraisers or State licensed ap-praisers, as applicable, on the mortgage originator’s approved appraiser list in the market area in accordance with part 226 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) has documented that no State cer-tified appraiser or State licensed appraiser, as applicable, was available within 5 business days beyond customary and reasonable fee and timeliness standards for comparable ap-praisal assignments, as documented by the mortgage originator or its agent; ‘‘(3) the transaction value is less than $400,000; and ‘‘(4) the mortgage originator is subject to oversight by a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency. ‘‘(c) S
ALE, ASSIGNMENT , ORTRANSFER .—A mortgage originator that makes a loan with-out an appraisal under the terms of sub-section (b) shall not sell, assign, or otherwise transfer legal title to the loan unless— ‘‘(1) the loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to another person by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of the mortgage originator; ‘‘(2) the loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to another person regulated by a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency, so long as the loan is retained in portfolio by the person; ‘‘(3) the sale, assignment, or transfer is pursuant to a merger of the mortgage origi-nator with another person or the acquisition of the mortgage originator by another per-son or of another person by the mortgage originator; or ‘‘(4) the sale, loan, or transfer is to a whol-ly owned subsidiary of the mortgage origi-nator, provided that, after the sale, assign-ment, or transfer, the loan is considered to be an asset of the mortgage originator for regulatory accounting purposes. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply if— ‘‘(1) a Federal financial institutions regu-latory agency requires an appraisal under section 225.63(c), 323.3(c), 34.43(c), or 722.3(e) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; or ‘‘(2) the loan is a high-cost mortgage, as defined in section 103 of the Truth in Lend-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1602). ‘‘(e) A
NTI-EVASION .—Each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall ensure that any mortgage originator that the Fed-eral financial institutions regulatory agency oversees that makes a significant amount of loans under subsection (b) is complying with the requirements of subsection (b)(2) with re-spect to each loan.’’. 
SEC. 104. HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT AD-JUSTMENT AND STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2803) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as para-graph (3) and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
LOSED -END MORTGAGE LOANS .—With respect to an insured depository institution or insured credit union, the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to closed-end mort-gage loans if the insured depository institu-tion or insured credit union originated fewer than 500 closed-end mortgage loans in each of the 2 preceding calendar years. ‘‘(2) O
PEN-END LINES OF CREDIT .—With re- spect to an insured depository institution or insured credit union, the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to open-end lines of credit if the insured depository institution or insured credit union originated fewer than 500 open-end lines of credit in each of the 2 preceding calendar years. ‘‘(3) REQUIRED COMPLIANCE .—Notwith- standing paragraphs (1) and (2), an insured depository institution shall comply with paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) if the insured depository institution has received a rating of ‘needs to improve record of meeting community credit needs’ during each of its 2 most recent examinations or a rating of ‘sub-stantial noncompliance in meeting commu-nity credit needs’ on its most recent exam-ination under section 807(b)(2) of the Commu-nity Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2906(b)(2)).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘insured credit union’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘insured depository institu-tion’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813).’’. (b) L
OOKBACK STUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—Not earlier than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a study to evaluate the impact of the amendments made by subsection (a) on the amount of data available under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) at the national and local level. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General with respect to the study required under paragraph (1). (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 304(i)(3) of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, as so redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘section 303(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 303(3)(A)’’. 
SEC. 105. CREDIT UNION RESIDENTIAL LOANS. 
(a) R EMOVAL FROMMEMBER BUSINESS LOAN L
IMITATION .—Section 107A(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757a(c)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘that is the primary residence of a member’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendment made by this section shall preclude the National Credit Union Administration from treating an ex-tension of credit that is fully secured by a lien on a 1- to 4-family dwelling that is not the primary residence of a member as a member business loan for purposes other than the member business loan limitation requirements under section 107A of the Fed-eral Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757a). 
SEC. 106. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1518. EMPLOYMENT TRANSITION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION STATE .—The term ‘appli-cation State’ means a State in which a reg-istered loan originator or a State-licensed loan originator seeks to be licensed. ‘‘(2) S
TATE -LICENSED MORTGAGE COMPANY .— The term ‘State-licensed mortgage company’ means an entity that is licensed or reg-istered under the law of any State to engage in residential mortgage loan origination and processing activities. ‘‘(b) TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TOORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR LOANORIGINATORS MOVING FROM 
ADEPOSITORY INSTITUTION TO A NON-DEPOSI -
TORY INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon becoming em-ployed by a State-licensed mortgage com-pany, an individual who is a registered loan originator shall be deemed to have tem-porary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period de-scribed in paragraph (2) if the individual— ‘‘(A) has not had— ‘‘(i) an application for a loan originator li-cense denied; or ‘‘(ii) a loan originator license revoked or suspended in any governmental jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) has not been subject to, or served with, a cease and desist order— ‘‘(i) in any governmental jurisdiction; or ‘‘(ii) under section 1514(c); ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of a mis-demeanor or felony that would preclude li-censure under the law of the application State; ‘‘(D) has submitted an application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the applica-tion State; and ‘‘(E) was registered in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as a loan originator during the 1-year period preceding the date on which the information required under section 1505(a) is submitted. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in this paragraph shall begin on the date on which an individual described in paragraph (1) sub-mits the information required under section 1505(a) and shall end on the earliest of the date— ‘‘(A) on which the individual withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan origi-nator in the application State; ‘‘(B) on which the application State denies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) on which the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) that is 120 days after the date on which the individual submits the applica-tion, if the application is listed on the Na-tionwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(c) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY TOORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR STATE -LICENSED LOAN ORIGINA -
TORS MOVING INTERSTATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State-licensed loan originator shall be deemed to have tem-porary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period de-scribed in paragraph (2) if the State-licensed loan originator— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of subpara-graphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(B) is employed by a State-licensed mort-gage company in the application State; and ‘‘(C) was licensed in a State that is not the application State during the 30-day period preceding the date on which the information required under section 1505(a) was submitted in connection with the application submitted to the application State. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in this paragraph shall begin on the date on which the State-licensed loan originator submits the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the application State and end on the earliest of the date— ‘‘(A) on which the State-licensed loan originator withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the applica-tion State; ‘‘(B) on which the application State denies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4323 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(C) on which the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) that is 120 days after the date on which the State-licensed loan originator sub-mits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
MPLOYER OF LOAN ORIGINATORS .—Any person employing an individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State under this section shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if that indi-vidual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(2) E
NGAGING IN MORTGAGE LOAN ACTIVI -
TIES.—Any individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan origi-nator in an application State under this sec-tion and who engages in residential mort-gage loan origination activities shall be sub-ject to the requirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if that individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—Sec- tion 1(b) of the Housing and Economic Re-covery Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1517 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1518. Employment transition of loan originators.’’. (c) C
IVIL LIABILITY .—Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘persons who are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan origina-tors.’’ and inserting ‘‘persons who— ‘‘(1) have applied, are applying, or are li-censed or registered through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry; and ‘‘(2) work in an industry with respect to which persons were licensed or registered through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry on the date of enact-ment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 107. PROTECTING ACCESS TO MANUFAC-TURED HOMES. 
Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (cc) (relating to definitions relating to mort-gage origination and residential mortgage loans) and subsection (dd) as subsections (dd) and (ee), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (2) of subsection (dd), as so redesignated, by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) does not include any person who is— ‘‘(i) not otherwise described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) and who performs purely ad-ministrative or clerical tasks on behalf of a person who is described in any such subpara-graph; or ‘‘(ii) a retailer of manufactured or modular homes or an employee of the retailer if the retailer or employee, as applicable— ‘‘(I) does not receive compensation or gain for engaging in activities described in sub-paragraph (A) that is in excess of any com-pensation or gain received in a comparable cash transaction; ‘‘(II) discloses to the consumer— ‘‘(aa) in writing any corporate affiliation with any creditor; and ‘‘(bb) if the retailer has a corporate affili-ation with any creditor, at least 1 unaffili-ated creditor; and ‘‘(III) does not directly negotiate with the consumer or lender on loan terms (including rates, fees, and other costs).’’. SEC. 108. ESCROW REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CERTAIN CONSUMER CREDIT TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 129D of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639d) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Bureau’’; (C) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the Board’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the Bureau’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF LOANS HELD BY SMALLER  
INSTITUTIONS .—The Bureau shall, by regula-tion, exempt from the requirements of sub-section (a) any loan made by an insured de-pository institution or an insured credit union secured by a first lien on the principal dwelling of a consumer if— ‘‘(A) the insured depository institution or insured credit union has assets of $10,000,000,000 or less; ‘‘(B) during the preceding calendar year, the insured depository institution or insured credit union and its affiliates originated 1,000 or fewer loans secured by a first lien on a principal dwelling; and ‘‘(C) the transaction satisfies the criteria in sections 1026.35(b)(2)(iii)(A), 1026.35(b)(2)(iii)(D), and 1026.35(b)(2)(v) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation.’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘in-sured credit union’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). ‘‘(4) I
NSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘insured depository institution’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813).’’. 
SEC. 109. NO WAIT FOR LOWER MORTGAGE RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 129(b) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) N
O WAIT FOR LOWER RATE .—If a cred-itor extends to a consumer a second offer of credit with a lower annual percentage rate, the transaction may be consummated with-out regard to the period specified in para-graph (1) with respect to the second offer.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, whereas the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection issued a final rule entitled ‘‘Integrated Mortgage Disclo-sures Under the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z)’’ (78 Fed. Reg. 79730 (December 31, 2013)) (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘TRID Rule’’) to combine the disclosures a consumer receives in con-nection with applying for and closing on a mortgage loan, the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection should endeavor to pro-vide clearer, authoritative guidance on— (1) the applicability of the TRID Rule to mortgage assumption transactions; (2) the applicability of the TRID Rule to construction-to-permanent home loans, and the conditions under which those loans can be properly originated; and (3) the extent to which lenders can rely on model disclosures published by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection without li-ability if recent changes to regulations are not reflected in the sample TRID Rule forms published by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection. TITLE II—REGULATORY RELIEF AND PRO-TECTING CONSUMER ACCESS TO CRED-IT SEC. 201. CAPITAL SIMPLIFICATION FOR QUALI-FYING COMMUNITY BANKS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNITY BANK LEVERAGE RATIO .—The term ‘‘Community Bank Leverage Ratio’’ means the ratio of the tangible equity cap-ital of a qualifying community bank, as re-ported on the qualifying community bank’s applicable regulatory filing with the quali-fying community bank’s appropriate Federal banking agency, to the average total consoli-dated assets of the qualifying community bank, as reported on the qualifying commu-nity bank’s applicable regulatory filing with the qualifying community bank’s appro-priate Federal banking agency. (2) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE LEVERAGE CAP -
ITAL REQUIREMENTS ; GENERALLY APPLICABLE  
RISK-BASED CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS .—The terms ‘‘generally applicable leverage capital requirements’’ and ‘‘generally applicable risk-based capital requirements’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 171(a) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5371(a)). (3) Q
UALIFYING COMMUNITY BANK .— (A) A
SSET THRESHOLD .—The term ‘‘quali-fying community bank’’ means a depository institution or depository institution holding company with total consolidated assets of less than $10,000,000,000. (B) R
ISK PROFILE .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies may determine that a de-pository institution or depository institu-tion holding company (or a class of deposi-tory institutions or depository institution holding companies) described in subpara-graph (A) is not a qualifying community bank based on the depository institution’s or depository institution holding company’s risk profile, which shall be based on consid-eration of— (i) off-balance sheet exposures; (ii) trading assets and liabilities; (iii) total notional derivatives exposures; and (iv) such other factors as the appropriate Federal banking agencies determine appro-priate. (b) C
OMMUNITY BANK LEVERAGE RATIO.— The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall, through notice and comment rule making under section 553 of title 5, United States Code— (1) develop a Community Bank Leverage Ratio of not less than 8 percent and not more than 10 percent for qualifying community banks; and (2) establish procedures for treatment of a qualifying community bank that has a Com-munity Bank Leverage Ratio that falls below the percentage developed under para-graph (1) after exceeding the percentage de-veloped under paragraph (1). (c) C
APITAL COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any qualifying commu-nity bank that exceeds the Community Bank Leverage Ratio developed under subsection (b)(1) shall be considered to have met— (A) the generally applicable leverage cap-ital requirements and the generally applica-ble risk-based capital requirements; (B) in the case of a qualifying community bank that is a depository institution, the capital ratio requirements that are required in order to be considered well capitalized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4324 May 22, 2018 
under section 38 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831o) and any regula-tion implementing that section; and (C) any other capital or leverage require-ments to which the qualifying community bank is subject. (2) E
XISTING AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall limit the authority of the appropriate Federal banking agencies as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—The appropriate Fed-eral banking agencies shall— (1) consult with the applicable State bank supervisors in carrying out this section; and (2) notify the applicable State bank super-visor of any qualifying community bank that it supervises that exceeds, or does not exceed after previously exceeding, the Community Bank Leverage ratio developed under sub-section (b)(1). 
SEC. 202. LIMITED EXCEPTION FOR RECIPROCAL DEPOSITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 29 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) L
IMITED EXCEPTION FOR RECIPROCAL  D
EPOSITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Reciprocal deposits of an agent institution shall not be considered to be funds obtained, directly or indirectly, by or through a deposit broker to the extent that the total amount of such reciprocal de-posits does not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(A) $5,000,000,000; or ‘‘(B) an amount equal to 20 percent of the total liabilities of the agent institution. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
GENT INSTITUTION .—The term ‘agent institution’ means an insured depository in-stitution that places a covered deposit through a deposit placement network at other insured depository institutions in amounts that are less than or equal to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount, specifying the interest rate to be paid for such amounts, if the insured deposi-tory institution— ‘‘(i)(I) when most recently examined under section 10(d) was found to have a composite condition of outstanding or good; and ‘‘(II) is well capitalized; ‘‘(ii) has obtained a waiver pursuant to subsection (c); or ‘‘(iii) does not receive an amount of recip-rocal deposits that causes the total amount of reciprocal deposits held by the agent insti-tution to be greater than the average of the total amount of reciprocal deposits held by the agent institution on the last day of each of the 4 calendar quarters preceding the cal-endar quarter in which the agent institution was found not to have a composite condition of outstanding or good or was determined to be not well capitalized. ‘‘(B) C
OVERED DEPOSIT .—The term ‘covered deposit’ means a deposit that— ‘‘(i) is submitted for placement through a deposit placement network by an agent in-stitution; and ‘‘(ii) does not consist of funds that were ob-tained for the agent institution, directly or indirectly, by or through a deposit broker before submission for placement through a deposit placement network. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSIT PLACEMENT NETWORK .—The term ‘deposit placement network’ means a network in which an insured depository in-stitution participates, together with other insured depository institutions, for the proc-essing and receipt of reciprocal deposits. ‘‘(D) N
ETWORK MEMBER BANK .—The term ‘network member bank’ means an insured depository institution that is a member of a deposit placement network. ‘‘(E) R
ECIPROCAL DEPOSITS .—The term ‘re-ciprocal deposits’ means deposits received by an agent institution through a deposit place-ment network with the same maturity (if any) and in the same aggregate amount as covered deposits placed by the agent institu-tion in other network member banks. ‘‘(F) WELL CAPITALIZED .—The term ‘well capitalized’ has the meaning given the term in section 38(b)(1).’’. (b) I
NTEREST RATE RESTRICTION .—Section 29 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831f) is amended by striking sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTION ON INTEREST RATEPAID.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the terms ‘agent institution’, ‘recip-rocal deposits’, and ‘well capitalized’ have the meanings given those terms in sub-section (i); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered insured depository institution’ means an insured depository in-stitution that— ‘‘(i) under subsection (c) or (d), accepts funds obtained, directly or indirectly, by or through a deposit broker; or ‘‘(ii) while acting as an agent institution under subsection (i), accepts reciprocal de-posits while not well capitalized. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A covered insured de-pository institution may not pay a rate of interest on funds or reciprocal deposits de-scribed in paragraph (1) that, at the time that the funds or reciprocal deposits are ac-cepted, significantly exceeds the limit set forth in paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) L
IMIT ON INTEREST RATES .—The limit on the rate of interest referred to in para-graph (2) shall be— ‘‘(A) the rate paid on deposits of similar maturity in the normal market area of the covered insured depository institution for deposits accepted in the normal market area of the covered insured depository institu-tion; or ‘‘(B) the national rate paid on deposits of comparable maturity, as established by the Corporation, for deposits accepted outside the normal market area of the covered in-sured depository institution.’’. 
SEC. 203. COMMUNITY BANK RELIEF. 
Section 13(h)(1) of the Bank Holding Com-pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(h)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘institution that functions solely in a trust or fiduciary capacity, if—’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘institution— ‘‘(A) that functions solely in a trust or fi-duciary capacity, if—’’; (4) in clause (iv)(II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that does not have and is not con-trolled by a company that has— ‘‘(i) more than $10,000,000,000 in total con-solidated assets; and ‘‘(ii) total trading assets and trading liabil-ities, as reported on the most recent applica-ble regulatory filing filed by the institution, that are more than 5 percent of total consoli-dated assets.’’. 
SEC. 204. REMOVING NAMING RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that the hedge fund or private equity fund may share the same name or a variation of the same name as a banking entity that is an investment adviser to the hedge fund or private equity fund, if— ‘‘(I) such investment adviser is not an in-sured depository institution, a company that controls an insured depository institution, or a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3106); ‘‘(II) such investment adviser does not share the same name or a variation of the same name as an insured depository institu-tion, any company that controls an insured depository institution, or any company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3106); and ‘‘(III) such name does not contain the word ‘bank’’’; and (2) in subsection (h)(5)(C), by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘, except as permitted under subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi)’’. SEC. 205. SHORT FORM CALL REPORTS. 
Section 7(a) of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) S
HORT FORM REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall issue regulations that allow for a reduced reporting requirement for a covered depository institution when the institution makes the first and third report of condition for a year, as required under paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered depository institution’ means an insured depository institution that— ‘‘(i) has less than $5,000,000,000 in total con-solidated assets; and ‘‘(ii) satisfies such other criteria as the ap-propriate Federal banking agencies deter-mine appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 206. OPTION FOR FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSO-CIATIONS TO OPERATE AS COVERED SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS. 
The Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1461 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 5 (12 U.S.C. 1464) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5A. ELECTION TO OPERATE AS A COVERED SAVINGS ASSOCIATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘covered savings association’ means a Fed-eral savings association that makes an elec-tion that is approved under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the rules issued under subsection (f), a Federal savings association with total consolidated assets equal to or less than $20,000,000,000, as reported by the association to the Comp-troller as of December 31, 2017, may elect to operate as a covered savings association by submitting a notice to the Comptroller of that election. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—A Federal savings associa-tion shall be deemed to be approved to oper-ate as a covered savings association begin-ning on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Comptroller receives the notice submitted under paragraph (1), unless the Comptroller notifies the Federal savings association that the Federal savings associa-tion is not eligible. ‘‘(c) R
IGHTS AND DUTIES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, a covered savings association shall— ‘‘(1) have the same rights and privileges as a national bank that has the main office of the national bank situated in the same loca-tion as the home office of the covered sav-ings association; and ‘‘(2) be subject to the same duties, restric-tions, penalties, liabilities, conditions, and limitations that would apply to a national bank described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF COVERED SAVINGS ASSO-
CIATIONS .—A covered savings association shall be treated as a Federal savings associa-tion for the purposes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4325 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(1) of governance of the covered savings association, including incorporation, bylaws, boards of directors, shareholders, and dis-tribution of dividends; ‘‘(2) of consolidation, merger, dissolution, conversion (including conversion to a stock bank or to another charter), conservator-ship, and receivership; and ‘‘(3) determined by regulation of the Comp-troller. ‘‘(e) E
XISTING BRANCHES .—A covered sav-ings association may continue to operate any branch or agency that the covered sav-ings association operated on the date on which an election under subsection (b) is ap-proved. ‘‘(f) R
ULEMAKING .—The Comptroller shall issue rules to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) that establish streamlined standards and procedures that clearly identify required documentation and timelines for an election under subsection (b); ‘‘(2) that require a Federal savings associa-tion that makes an election under subsection (b) to identify specific assets and subsidi-aries that— ‘‘(A) do not conform to the requirements for assets and subsidiaries of a national bank; and ‘‘(B) are held by the Federal savings asso-ciation on the date on which the Federal sav-ings association submits a notice of the elec-tion; ‘‘(3) that establish— ‘‘(A) a transition process for bringing the assets and subsidiaries described in para-graph (2) into conformance with the require-ments for a national bank; and ‘‘(B) procedures for allowing the Federal savings association to submit to the Comp-troller an application to continue to hold as-sets and subsidiaries described in paragraph (2) after electing to operate as a covered sav-ings association; ‘‘(4) that establish standards and proce-dures to allow a covered savings association to— ‘‘(A) terminate an election under sub-section (b) after an appropriate period of time; and ‘‘(B) make a subsequent election under subsection (b) after terminating an election under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(5) that clarify requirements for the treatment of covered savings associations, including the provisions of law that apply to covered savings associations; and ‘‘(6) as the Comptroller determines nec-essary in the interests of safety and sound-ness. ‘‘(g) G
RANDFATHERED COVERED SAVINGS AS-
SOCIATIONS .—Subject to the rules issued under subsection (f), a covered savings asso-ciation may continue to operate as a covered savings association if, after the date on which the election is made under subsection (b), the covered savings association has total consolidated assets greater than $20,000,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 207. SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POL-ICY STATEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (2) S
AVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANY .— The term ‘‘savings and loan holding com-pany’’ has the meaning given the term in section 10(a) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)). (b) C
HANGES REQUIRED TO SMALL BANK H
OLDING COMPANY POLICY STATEMENT ON AS-
SESSMENT OF FINANCIAL AND MANAGERIAL  F
ACTORS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall revise appendix C to part 225 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations (commonly known as the ‘‘Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Pol-icy Statement’’), to raise the consolidated asset threshold under that appendix from $1,000,000,000 to $3,000,000,000 for any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company that— (1) is not engaged in significant non-banking activities either directly or through a nonbank subsidiary; (2) does not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities (including securitization and asset management or administration) either directly or through a nonbank subsidiary; and (3) does not have a material amount of debt or equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are reg-istered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (c) EXCLUSIONS .—The Board may exclude any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company, regardless of asset size, from the revision under subsection (b) if the Board determines that such action is warranted for supervisory purposes. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 171(b)(5) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(5)) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (C) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C) any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company that is subject to the application of appendix C to part 225 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations (com-monly known as the ‘Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement’).’’. 
SEC. 208. APPLICATION OF THE EXPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Expedited Funds Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 602 (12 U.S.C. 4001)— (A) in paragraph (20), by inserting ‘‘, lo-cated in the United States,’’ after ‘‘ATM’’; (B) in paragraph (21), by inserting ‘‘Amer-ican Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; and (C) in paragraph (23), by inserting ‘‘Amer-ican Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; and (2) in section 603(d)(2)(A) (12 U.S.C. 4002(d)(2)(A)), by inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 209. SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES. 
(a) S MALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES .— Title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 38. SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
OUSING VOUCHER PROGRAM .—The term ‘housing voucher program’ means a program for tenant-based assistance under section 8. ‘‘(2) S
MALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCY .—The term ‘small public housing agency’ means a public housing agency— ‘‘(A) for which the sum of the number of public housing dwelling units administered by the agency and the number of vouchers under section 8(o) administered by the agen-cy is 550 or fewer; and ‘‘(B) that predominantly operates in a rural area, as described in section 1026.35(b)(2)(iv)(A) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(3) T
ROUBLED SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘troubled small public housing agency’ means a small public housing agency designated by the Secretary as a troubled small public housing agency under sub-section (c)(3). ‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, a small public hous-ing agency shall be subject to the same re-quirements as a public housing agency. ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM INSPECTIONS AND EVALUA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
UBLIC HOUSING PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) F
REQUENCY OF INSPECTIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—The Secretary shall carry out an inspection of the physical condition of a small public housing agency’s public housing projects not more frequently than once every 3 years, unless the agency has been des-ignated by the Secretary as a troubled small public housing agency based on deficiencies in the physical condition of its public hous-ing projects. Nothing contained in this sub-paragraph relieves the Secretary from con-ducting lead safety inspections or assess-ments in accordance with procedures estab-lished by the Secretary under section 302 of the Lead-Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act (42 U.S.C. 4822). ‘‘(B) S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary shall apply to small public housing agencies the same standards for the acceptable condition of public housing projects that apply to projects assisted under section 8. ‘‘(2) H
OUSING VOUCHER PROGRAM .—Except as required by section 8(o)(8)(F), a small public housing agency administering assistance under section 8(o) shall make periodic phys-ical inspections of each assisted dwelling unit not less frequently than once every 3 years to determine whether the unit is main-tained in accordance with the requirements under section 8(o)(8)(A). Nothing contained in this paragraph relieves a small public housing agency from conducting lead safety inspections or assessments in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary under section 302 of the Lead-Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act (42 U.S.C. 4822). ‘‘(3) T
ROUBLED SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGEN -
CIES.— ‘‘(A) P
UBLIC HOUSING PROGRAM .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary may designate a small public housing agency as a troubled small public housing agency with respect to the public housing program of the small public housing agency if the Secretary determines that the agency has failed to maintain the public housing units of the small public housing agency in a satisfactory physical condition, based upon an inspection conducted by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) H
OUSING VOUCHER PROGRAM .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary may designate a small public housing agency as a troubled small public housing agency with respect to the housing voucher program of the small public housing agency if the Secretary determines that the agency has failed to comply with the inspection re-quirements under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) A
PPEALS .— ‘‘(i) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an appeals process under which a small public housing agency may dispute a designation as a troubled small public hous-ing agency. ‘‘(ii) O
FFICIAL .—The appeals process estab-lished under clause (i) shall provide for a de-cision by an official who has not been in-volved, and is not subordinate to a person who has been involved, in the original deter-mination to designate a small public housing agency as a troubled small public housing agency. ‘‘(D) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(i) A
GREEMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a small pub-lic housing agency is designated as a trou-bled public housing agency under subpara-graph (A) or (B), the Secretary and the small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4326 May 22, 2018 
public housing agency shall enter into a cor-rective action agreement under which the small public housing agency shall undertake actions to correct the deficiencies upon which the designation is based. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMS OF AGREEMENT .—A corrective action agreement entered into under clause (i) shall— ‘‘(I) have a term of 1 year, and shall be re-newable at the option of the Secretary; ‘‘(II) provide, where feasible, for technical assistance to assist the public housing agen-cy in curing its deficiencies; ‘‘(III) provide for— ‘‘(aa) reconsideration of the designation of the small public housing agency as a trou-bled small public housing agency not less frequently than annually; and ‘‘(bb) termination of the agreement when the Secretary determines that the small pub-lic housing agency is no longer a troubled small public housing agency; and ‘‘(IV) provide that in the event of substan-tial noncompliance by the small public hous-ing agency under the agreement, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(aa) contract with another public housing agency or a private entity to manage the public housing of the troubled small public housing agency; ‘‘(bb) withhold funds otherwise distribut-able to the troubled small public housing agency; ‘‘(cc) assume possession of, and direct re-sponsibility for, managing the public hous-ing of the troubled small public housing agency; ‘‘(dd) petition for the appointment of a re-ceiver, in accordance with section 6(j)(3)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(ee) exercise any other remedy available to the Secretary in the event of default under the public housing annual contribu-tions contract entered into by the small pub-lic housing agency under section 5. ‘‘(E) E
MERGENCY ACTIONS .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from taking any emergency action necessary to protect Federal financial re-sources or the health or safety of residents of public housing projects. ‘‘(d) R
EDUCTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE BUR-
DENS .— ‘‘(1) E
XEMPTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a small public hous-ing agency shall be exempt from any envi-ronmental review requirements with respect to a development or modernization project having a total cost of not more than $100,000. ‘‘(2) S
TREAMLINED PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary shall, by rule, establish streamlined procedures for environmental reviews of small public housing agency development and modernization projects having a total cost of more than $100,000.’’. (b) E
NERGY CONSERVATION .—Section 9(e)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
REEZE OF CONSUMPTION LEVELS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A small public housing agency, as defined in section 38(a), may elect to be paid for its utility and waste manage-ment costs under the formula for a period, at the discretion of the small public housing agency, of not more than 20 years based on the small public housing agency’s average annual consumption during the 3-year period preceding the year in which the election is made (in this subparagraph referred to as the ‘consumption base level’). ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL ADJUSTMENT IN CONSUMPTION  
BASE LEVEL .—The Secretary shall make an initial one-time adjustment in the consump-tion base level to account for differences in the heating degree day average over the most recent 20-year period compared to the average in the consumption base level. ‘‘(iii) ADJUSTMENTS IN CONSUMPTION BASE  
LEVEL .—The Secretary shall make adjust-ments in the consumption base level to ac-count for an increase or reduction in units, a change in fuel source, a change in resident controlled electricity consumption, or for other reasons. ‘‘(iv) S
AVINGS .—All cost savings resulting from an election made by a small public housing agency under this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) shall accrue to the small public hous-ing agency; and ‘‘(II) may be used for any public housing purpose at the discretion of the small public housing agency. ‘‘(v) T
HIRD PARTIES .—A small public hous-ing agency making an election under this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) may use, but shall not be required to use, the services of a third party in its en-ergy conservation program; and ‘‘(II) shall have the sole discretion to de-termine the source, and terms and condi-tions, of any financing used for its energy conservation program.’’. (c) R
EPORTING BY AGENCIES OPERATING IN  C
ONSORTIA .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall develop and deploy all electronic infor-mation systems necessary to accommodate full consolidated reporting by public housing agencies, as defined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6)), electing to operate in consortia under section 13(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437k(a)). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (e) S
HARED WAITING LISTS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall make available to interested public housing agencies and owners of multi-family properties receiving assistance from the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment 1 or more software programs that will facilitate the voluntary use of a shared waiting list by multiple public housing agen-cies or owners receiving assistance, and shall publish on the website of the Department of Housing and Urban Development procedural guidance for implementing shared waiting lists that includes information on how to ob-tain the software. 
SEC. 210. EXAMINATION CYCLE. 
Section 10(d) of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’. 
SEC. 211. INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE CAPITAL STANDARDS ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Secretary of the Treasury, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Director of the Federal Insurance Office shall support increasing transparency at any global insurance or international standard- setting regulatory or supervisory forum in which they participate, including supporting and advocating for greater public observer access to working groups and committee meetings of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors; and (2) to the extent that the Secretary of the Treasury, the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System, and the Director of the Federal Insurance Office take a position or reasonably intend to take a position with re-spect to an insurance proposal by a global in-surance regulatory or supervisory forum, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Director of the Federal Insurance Office shall achieve consensus positions with State insurance regulators through the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, when they are United States participants in negotiations on insurance issues before the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors, Financial Stability Board, or any other international forum of financial regu-lators or supervisors that considers such issues. (b) INSURANCE POLICY ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Insurance Policy Advisory Committee on International Capital Standards and Other Insurance Issues at the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall be composed of not more than 21 members, all of whom represent a diverse set of expert perspectives from the various sectors of the United States insurance industry, including life insurance, property and casualty insur-ance and reinsurance, agents and brokers, academics, consumer advocates, or experts on issues facing underserved insurance com-munities and consumers. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORTS AND TESTIMONY BY SECRETARY  
OF THE TREASURY AND CHAIRMAN OF THE FED -
ERAL RESERVE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or their designee, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, an annual report and provide annual testimony to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on the efforts of the Secretary and the Chair-man with the National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners with respect to global insurance regulatory or supervisory forums, including— (i) a description of the insurance regu-latory or supervisory standard-setting issues under discussion at international standard- setting bodies, including the Financial Sta-bility Board and the International Associa-tion of Insurance Supervisors; (ii) a description of the effects that pro-posals discussed at international insurance regulatory or supervisory forums of insur-ance could have on consumer and insurance markets in the United States; (iii) a description of any position taken by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Director of the Federal Insurance Of-fice in international insurance discussions; and (iv) a description of the efforts by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Director of the Federal Insurance Office to increase transparency at the Financial Stability Board with respect to insurance proposals and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, including efforts to provide additional public access to working groups and committees of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. (B) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall terminate on December 31, 2024. (2) R
EPORTS AND TESTIMONY BY NATIONAL  
ASSOCIATION OF INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS .— The National Association of Insurance Com-missioners may provide testimony to Con-gress on the issues described in paragraph (1)(A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4327 May 22, 2018 
(3) J OINT REPORT BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE  
FEDERAL RESERVE AND THE DIRECTOR OF THE  
FEDERAL INSURANCE OFFICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury, the Chairman of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Director of the Federal Insurance Office shall, in consultation with the National As-sociation of Insurance Commissioners, com-plete a study on, and submit to Congress a report on the results of the study, the impact on consumers and markets in the United States before supporting or consenting to the adoption of any final international insur-ance capital standard. (B) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .— (i) N
OTICE .—The Secretary of the Treasury, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Direc-tor of the Federal Insurance Office shall pro-vide public notice before the date on which drafting a report required under subpara-graph (A) is commenced and after the date on which the draft of the report is com-pleted. (ii) O
PPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT .—There shall be an opportunity for public comment for a period beginning on the date on which the report is submitted under subparagraph (A) and ending on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the report is sub-mitted. (C) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— The Secretary of the Treasury, Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, and the Director of the Fed-eral Insurance Office shall submit to the Comptroller General of the United States the report described in subparagraph (A) for re-view. (4) R
EPORT ON INCREASE IN TRANS -
PARENCY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Secretary of the Treas-ury, or their designees, shall submit to Con-gress a report and provide testimony to Con-gress on the efforts of the Chairman and the Secretary to increase transparency at meet-ings of the International Association of In-surance Supervisors. 
SEC. 212. BUDGET TRANSPARENCY FOR THE NCUA. 
Section 209(b) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1789(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) on an annual basis and prior to the submission of the detailed business-type budget required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) make publicly available and publish in the Federal Register a draft of the de-tailed business-type budget; and ‘‘(B) hold a public hearing, with public no-tice provided of the hearing, during which the public may submit comments on the draft of the detailed business-type budget;’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘detailed’’ after ‘‘submit a’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, which shall address any comment submitted by the public under paragraph (1)(B)’’ after ‘‘Control Act’’. 
SEC. 213. MAKING ONLINE BANKING INITIATION LEGAL AND EASY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFILIATE .—The term ‘‘affiliate’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841). (2) D
RIVER ’S LICENSE .—The term ‘‘driver’s license’’ means a license issued by a State to an individual that authorizes the individual to operate a motor vehicle on public streets, roads, or highways. (3) FEDERAL BANK SECRECY LAWS .—The term ‘‘Federal bank secrecy laws’’ means— (A) section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1829b); (B) section 123 of Public Law 91–508 (12 U.S.C. 1953); and (C) subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code. (4) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial institution’’ means— (A) an insured depository institution; (B) an insured credit union; or (C) any affiliate of an insured depository institution or insured credit union. (5) F
INANCIAL PRODUCT OR SERVICE .—The term ‘‘financial product or service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481). (6) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). (7) I
NSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘insured depository institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). (8) O
NLINE SERVICE .—The term ‘‘online service’’ means any Internet-based service, such as a website or mobile application. (9) P
ERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARD .—The term ‘‘personal identification card’’ means an identification document issued by a State or local government to an individual solely for the purpose of identification of that indi-vidual. (10) P
ERSONAL INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘personal information’’ means the informa-tion displayed on or electronically encoded on a driver’s license or personal identifica-tion card that is reasonably necessary to ful-fill the purpose and uses permitted by sub-section (b). (11) S
CAN.—The term ‘‘scan’’ means the act of using a device or software to decipher, in an electronically readable format, personal information displayed on or electronically encoded on a driver’s license or personal identification card. (12) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any other commonwealth, posses-sion, or territory of the United States. (b) U
SE OF A DRIVER ’SLICENSE OR PER-
SONAL IDENTIFICATION CARD.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When an individual initi-ates a request through an online service to open an account with a financial institution or obtain a financial product or service from a financial institution, the financial institu-tion may record personal information from a scan of the driver’s license or personal iden-tification card of the individual, or make a copy or receive an image of the driver’s li-cense or personal identification card of the individual, and store or retain such informa-tion in any electronic format for the pur-poses described in paragraph (2). (2) U
SES OF INFORMATION .—Except as re-quired to comply with Federal bank secrecy laws, a financial institution may only use the information obtained under paragraph (1)— (A) to verify the authenticity of the driv-er’s license or personal identification card; (B) to verify the identity of the individual; and (C) to comply with a legal requirement to record, retain, or transmit the personal in-formation in connection with opening an ac-count or obtaining a financial product or service. (3) D
ELETION OF IMAGE .—A financial insti-tution that makes a copy or receives an image of a driver’s license or personal identi-fication card of an individual in accordance with paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, after using the image for the purposes described in para-graph (2), permanently delete— (A) any image of the driver’s license or per-sonal identification card, as applicable; and (B) any copy of any such image. (4) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMA -
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to amend, modify, or otherwise affect any State or Federal law that governs a fi-nancial institution’s disclosure and security of personal information that is not publicly available. (c) R
ELATION TO STATE LAW.—The provi-sions of this section shall preempt and super-sede any State law that conflicts with a pro-vision of this section, but only to the extent of such conflict. 
SEC. 214. PROMOTING CONSTRUCTION AND DE-VELOPMENT ON MAIN STREET. 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 51. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITION, DEVELOPMENT, OR CONSTRUCTION LOANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies may only require a deposi-tory institution to assign a heightened risk weight to a high volatility commercial real estate (HVCRE) exposure (as such term is de-fined under section 324.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as of October 11, 2017, or if a successor regulation is in effect as of the date of the enactment of this section, such term or any successor term contained in such successor regulation) under any risk- based capital requirement if such exposure is an HVCRE ADC loan. ‘‘(b) HVCRE ADC L
OANDEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section and with respect to a depository institution, the term ‘HVCRE ADC loan’— ‘‘(1) means a credit facility secured by land or improved real property that, prior to being reclassified by the depository institu-tion as a non-HVCRE ADC loan pursuant to subsection (d)— ‘‘(A) primarily finances, has financed, or refinances the acquisition, development, or construction of real property; ‘‘(B) has the purpose of providing financing to acquire, develop, or improve such real property into income-producing real prop-erty; and ‘‘(C) is dependent upon future income or sales proceeds from, or refinancing of, such real property for the repayment of such cred-it facility; ‘‘(2) does not include a credit facility fi-nancing— ‘‘(A) the acquisition, development, or con-struction of properties that are— ‘‘(i) one- to four-family residential prop-erties; ‘‘(ii) real property that would qualify as an investment in community development; or ‘‘(iii) agricultural land; ‘‘(B) the acquisition or refinance of exist-ing income-producing real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is sufficient to support the debt service and ex-penses of the real property, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan under-writing criteria for permanent financings; ‘‘(C) improvements to existing income-pro-ducing improved real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is suffi-cient to support the debt service and ex-penses of the real property, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan under-writing criteria for permanent financings; or ‘‘(D) commercial real property projects in which— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4328 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(i) the loan-to-value ratio is less than or equal to the applicable maximum super-visory loan-to-value ratio as determined by the appropriate Federal banking agency; ‘‘(ii) the borrower has contributed capital of at least 15 percent of the real property’s appraised, ‘as completed’ value to the project in the form of— ‘‘(I) cash; ‘‘(II) unencumbered readily marketable as-sets; ‘‘(III) paid development expenses out-of- pocket; or ‘‘(IV) contributed real property or im-provements; and ‘‘(iii) the borrower contributed the min-imum amount of capital described under clause (ii) before the depository institution advances funds (other than the advance of a nominal sum made in order to secure the de-pository institution’s lien against the real property) under the credit facility, and such minimum amount of capital contributed by the borrower is contractually required to re-main in the project until the credit facility has been reclassified by the depository insti-tution as a non-HVCRE ADC loan under sub-section (d); ‘‘(3) does not include any loan made prior to January 1, 2015; and ‘‘(4) does not include a credit facility re-classified as a non-HVCRE ADC loan under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) V
ALUE OF CONTRIBUTED REAL PROP-
ERTY .—For purposes of this section, the value of any real property contributed by a borrower as a capital contribution shall be the appraised value of the property as deter-mined under standards prescribed pursuant to section 1110 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3339), in connection with the extension of the credit facility or loan to such borrower. ‘‘(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION AS A NON-HVRCE ADC L
OAN.—For purposes of this section and with respect to a credit facility and a deposi-tory institution, upon— ‘‘(1) the substantial completion of the de-velopment or construction of the real prop-erty being financed by the credit facility; and ‘‘(2) cash flow being generated by the real property being sufficient to support the debt service and expenses of the real property, in accordance with the institution’s applica-ble loan underwriting criteria for permanent financings, the credit facility may be reclas-sified by the depository institution as a Non- HVCRE ADC loan. ‘‘(e) E
XISTING AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section shall limit the supervisory, reg-ulatory, or enforcement authority of an ap-propriate Federal banking agency to further the safe and sound operation of an institu-tion under the supervision of the appropriate Federal banking agency.’’. 
SEC. 215. REDUCING IDENTITY FRAUD. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to reduce the prevalence of synthetic iden-tity fraud, which disproportionally affects vulnerable populations, such as minors and recent immigrants, by facilitating the vali-dation by permitted entities of fraud protec-tion data, pursuant to electronically re-ceived consumer consent, through use of a database maintained by the Commissioner. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of the So-cial Security Administration. (2) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach- Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809). (3) F
RAUD PROTECTION DATA .—The term ‘‘fraud protection data’’ means a combina-tion of the following information with re-spect to an individual: (A) The name of the individual (including the first name and any family forename or surname of the individual). (B) The social security number of the indi-vidual. (C) The date of birth (including the month, day, and year) of the individual. (4) PERMITTED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘per-mitted entity’’ means a financial institution or a service provider, subsidiary, affiliate, agent, subcontractor, or assignee of a finan-cial institution. (c) E
FFICIENCY .— (1) R
ELIANCE ON EXISTING METHODS .—The Commissioner shall evaluate the feasibility of making modifications to any database that is in existence as of the date of enact-ment of this Act or a similar resource such that the database or resource— (A) is reasonably designed to effectuate the purpose of this section; and (B) meets the requirements of subsection (d). (2) E
XECUTION .—The Commissioner shall make the modifications necessary to any database that is in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act or similar resource, or develop a database or similar resource, to ef-fectuate the requirements described in para-graph (1). (d) P
ROTECTION OF VULNERABLE CON-
SUMERS .—The database or similar resource described in subsection (c) shall— (1) compare fraud protection data provided in an inquiry by a permitted entity against such information maintained by the Com-missioner in order to confirm (or not con-firm) the validity of the information pro-vided; (2) be scalable and accommodate reason-ably anticipated volumes of verification re-quests from permitted entities with commer-cially reasonable uptime and availability; and (3) allow permitted entities to submit— (A) 1 or more individual requests electroni-cally for real-time machine-to-machine (or similar functionality) accurate responses; and (B) multiple requests electronically, such as those provided in a batch format, for ac-curate electronic responses within a reason-able period of time from submission, not to exceed 24 hours. (e) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Before pro-viding confirmation of fraud protection data to a permitted entity, the Commissioner shall ensure that the Commissioner has a certification from the permitted entity that is dated not more than 2 years before the date on which that confirmation is provided that includes the following declarations: (1) The entity is a permitted entity. (2) The entity is in compliance with this section. (3) The entity is, and will remain, in com-pliance with its privacy and data security re-quirements, as described in title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.), with respect to information the entity receives from the Commissioner pursuant to this section. (4) The entity will retain sufficient records to demonstrate its compliance with its cer-tification and this section for a period of not less than 2 years. (f) C
ONSUMER CONSENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, a per-mitted entity may submit a request to the database or similar resource described in subsection (c) only— (A) pursuant to the written, including elec-tronic, consent received by a permitted enti-ty from the individual who is the subject of the request; and (B) in connection with a credit transaction or any circumstance described in section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681b). (2) ELECTRONIC CONSENT REQUIREMENTS .— For a permitted entity to use the consent of an individual received electronically pursu-ant to paragraph (1)(A), the permitted entity must obtain the individual’s electronic sig-nature, as defined in section 106 of the Elec-tronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 U.S.C. 7006). (3) E
FFECTUATING ELECTRONIC CONSENT .—No provision of law or requirement, including section 552a of title 5, United States Code, shall prevent the use of electronic consent for purposes of this subsection or for use in any other consent based verification under the discretion of the Commissioner. (g) C
OMPLIANCE AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) A
UDITS AND MONITORING .—The Commis-sioner may— (A) conduct audits and monitoring to— (i) ensure proper use by permitted entities of the database or similar resource described in subsection (c); and (ii) deter fraud and misuse by permitted entities with respect to the database or simi-lar resource described in subsection (c); and (B) terminate services for any permitted entity that prevents or refuses to allow the Commissioner to carry out the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (2) E
NFORCEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including the matter preceding paragraph (1) of section 505(a) of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6805(a)), any violation of this section and any certification made under this section shall be enforced in accordance with paragraphs (1) through (7) of such section 505(a) by the agencies described in those paragraphs. (B) R
ELEVANT INFORMATION .—Upon dis-covery by the Commissioner, pursuant to an audit described in paragraph (1), of any vio-lation of this section or any certification made under this section, the Commissioner shall forward any relevant information per-taining to that violation to the appropriate agency described in subparagraph (A) for evaluation by the agency for purposes of en-forcing this section. (h) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts obligated to carry out this section shall be fully recov-ered from the users of the database or verification system by way of advances, re-imbursements, user fees, or other recoveries as determined by the Commissioner. The funds recovered under this paragraph shall be deposited as an offsetting collection to the account providing appropriations for the Social Security Administration, to be used for the administration of this section with-out fiscal year limitation. (B) P
RICES FIXED BY COMMISSIONER .—The Commissioner shall establish the amount to be paid by the users under this paragraph, including the costs of any services or work performed, such as any appropriate upgrades, maintenance, and associated direct and indi-rect administrative costs, in support of car-rying out the purposes described in this sec-tion, by reimbursement or in advance as de-termined by the Commissioner. The amount of such prices shall be periodically adjusted by the Commissioner to ensure that amounts collected are sufficient to fully offset the cost of the administration of this section. (2) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT .—The Commis-sioner shall not begin development of a verification system to carry out this section until the Commissioner determines that amounts equal to at least 50 percent of pro-gram start-up costs have been collected under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4329 May 22, 2018 
(3) E XISTING RESOURCES .—The Commis-sioner may use funds designated for informa-tion technology modernization to carry out this section. (4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner shall annually submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the amount of indirect costs to the Social Security Administration arising as a result of the implementation of this section. 
SEC. 216. TREASURY REPORT ON RISKS OF CYBER THREATS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the risks of cyber threats to finan-cial institutions and capital markets in the United States, including— (1) an assessment of the material risks of cyber threats to financial institutions and capital markets in the United States; (2) the impact and potential effects of ma-terial cyber attacks on financial institutions and capital markets in the United States; (3) an analysis of how the appropriate Fed-eral banking agencies and the Securities and Exchange Commission are addressing the material risks of cyber threats described in paragraph (1), including— (A) how the appropriate Federal banking agencies and the Securities and Exchange Commission are assessing those threats; (B) how the appropriate Federal banking agencies and the Securities and Exchange Commission are assessing the cyber vulnerabilities and preparedness of financial institutions; (C) coordination amongst the appropriate Federal banking agencies and the Securities and Exchange Commission, and their coordi-nation with other government agencies (in-cluding with respect to regulations, exami-nations, lexicon, duplication, and other regu-latory tools); and (D) areas for improvement; and (4) a recommendation of whether any ap-propriate Federal banking agency or the Se-curities and Exchange Commission needs ad-ditional legal authorities or resources to adequately assess and address the material risks of cyber threats described in paragraph (1), given the analysis required by paragraph (3). 
SEC. 217. DISCRETIONARY SURPLUS FUNDS. 
Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,825,000,000’’. TITLE III—PROTECTIONS FOR VETERANS, CONSUMERS, AND HOMEOWNERS 
SEC. 301. PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 605A of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) N
ATIONAL SECURITY FREEZE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) The term ‘consumer reporting agency’ means a consumer reporting agency de-scribed in section 603(p). ‘‘(B) The term ‘proper identification’ has the meaning of such term as used under sec-tion 610. ‘‘(C) The term ‘security freeze’ means a re-striction that prohibits a consumer report-ing agency from disclosing the contents of a consumer report that is subject to such secu-rity freeze to any person requesting the con-sumer report. ‘‘(2) PLACEMENT OF SECURITY FREEZE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a direct request from a consumer that a consumer re-porting agency place a security freeze, and upon receiving proper identification from the consumer, the consumer reporting agen-cy shall, free of charge, place the security freeze not later than— ‘‘(i) in the case of a request that is by toll- free telephone or secure electronic means, 1 business day after receiving the request di-rectly from the consumer; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a request that is by mail, 3 business days after receiving the re-quest directly from the consumer. ‘‘(B) C
ONFIRMATION AND ADDITIONAL INFOR -
MATION .—Not later than 5 business days after placing a security freeze under subparagraph (A), a consumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) send confirmation of the placement to the consumer; and ‘‘(ii) inform the consumer of— ‘‘(I) the process by which the consumer may remove the security freeze, including a mechanism to authenticate the consumer; and ‘‘(II) the consumer’s right described in sec-tion 615(d)(1)(D). ‘‘(C) N
OTICE TO THIRD PARTIES .—A con- sumer reporting agency may advise a third party that a security freeze has been placed with respect to a consumer under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(3) R
EMOVAL OF SECURITY FREEZE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting agency shall remove a security freeze placed on the consumer report of a consumer only in the following cases: ‘‘(i) Upon the direct request of the con-sumer. ‘‘(ii) The security freeze was placed due to a material misrepresentation of fact by the consumer. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE IF REMOVAL NOT BY REQUEST .— If a consumer reporting agency removes a se-curity freeze under subparagraph (A)(ii), the consumer reporting agency shall notify the consumer in writing prior to removing the security freeze. ‘‘(C) R
EMOVAL OF SECURITY FREEZE BY CON -
SUMER REQUEST .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (A)(ii), a security freeze shall re-main in place until the consumer directly re-quests that the security freeze be removed. Upon receiving a direct request from a con-sumer that a consumer reporting agency re-move a security freeze, and upon receiving proper identification from the consumer, the consumer reporting agency shall, free of charge, remove the security freeze not later than— ‘‘(i) in the case of a request that is by toll- free telephone or secure electronic means, 1 hour after receiving the request for removal; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a request that is by mail, 3 business days after receiving the re-quest for removal. ‘‘(D) T
HIRD-PARTY REQUESTS .—If a third party requests access to a consumer report of a consumer with respect to which a secu-rity freeze is in effect, where such request is in connection with an application for credit, and the consumer does not allow such con-sumer report to be accessed, the third party may treat the application as incomplete. ‘‘(E) T
EMPORARY REMOVAL OF SECURITY  
FREEZE .—Upon receiving a direct request from a consumer under subparagraph (A)(i), if the consumer requests a temporary re-moval of a security freeze, the consumer re-porting agency shall, in accordance with sub-paragraph (C), remove the security freeze for the period of time specified by the consumer. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—A security freeze shall not apply to the making of a consumer re-port for use of the following: ‘‘(A) A person or entity, or a subsidiary, af-filiate, or agent of that person or entity, or an assignee of a financial obligation owed by the consumer to that person or entity, or a prospective assignee of a financial obligation owed by the consumer to that person or enti-ty in conjunction with the proposed purchase of the financial obligation, with which the consumer has or had prior to assignment an account or contract including a demand de-posit account, or to whom the consumer issued a negotiable instrument, for the pur-poses of reviewing the account or collecting the financial obligation owed for the ac-count, contract, or negotiable instrument. For purposes of this subparagraph, ‘review-ing the account’ includes activities related to account maintenance, monitoring, credit line increases, and account upgrades and en-hancements. ‘‘(B) Any Federal, State, or local agency, law enforcement agency, trial court, or pri-vate collection agency acting pursuant to a court order, warrant, or subpoena. ‘‘(C) A child support agency acting pursu-ant to part D of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 651 et seq.). ‘‘(D) A Federal agency or a State or its agents or assigns acting to investigate fraud or acting to investigate or collect delinquent taxes or unpaid court orders or to fulfill any of its other statutory responsibilities, pro-vided such responsibilities are consistent with a permissible purpose under section 604. ‘‘(E) By a person using credit information for the purposes described under section 604(c). ‘‘(F) Any person or entity administering a credit file monitoring subscription or similar service to which the consumer has sub-scribed. ‘‘(G) Any person or entity for the purpose of providing a consumer with a copy of the consumer’s consumer report or credit score, upon the request of the consumer. ‘‘(H) Any person using the information in connection with the underwriting of insur-ance. ‘‘(I) Any person using the information for employment, tenant, or background screen-ing purposes. ‘‘(J) Any person using the information for assessing, verifying, or authenticating a con-sumer’s identity for purposes other than the granting of credit, or for investigating or preventing actual or potential fraud. ‘‘(5) NOTICE OF RIGHTS .—At any time a con-sumer is required to receive a summary of rights required under section 609, the fol-lowing notice shall be included: ‘‘‘C
ONSUMERS HAVE THE RIGHT TOOBTAIN A  S
ECURITY FREEZE  ‘‘‘You have a right to place a ‘‘security freeze’’ on your credit report, which will pro-hibit a consumer reporting agency from re-leasing information in your credit report without your express authorization. The se-curity freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans, and services from being approved in your name without your consent. However, you should be aware that using a security freeze to take control over who gets access to the personal and financial information in your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prohibit the timely approval of any subse-quent request or application you make re-garding a new loan, credit, mortgage, or any other account involving the extension of credit. ‘‘‘As an alternative to a security freeze, you have the right to place an initial or ex-tended fraud alert on your credit file at no cost. An initial fraud alert is a 1-year alert that is placed on a consumer’s credit file. Upon seeing a fraud alert display on a con-sumer’s credit file, a business is required to take steps to verify the consumer’s identity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4330 May 22, 2018 
before extending new credit. If you are a vic-tim of identity theft, you are entitled to an extended fraud alert, which is a fraud alert lasting 7 years. ‘‘‘A security freeze does not apply to a per-son or entity, or its affiliates, or collection agencies acting on behalf of the person or en-tity, with which you have an existing ac-count that requests information in your credit report for the purposes of reviewing or collecting the account. Reviewing the ac-count includes activities related to account maintenance, monitoring, credit line in-creases, and account upgrades and enhance-ments.’. ‘‘(6) W
EBPAGE .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES .—A consumer reporting agency shall establish a webpage that— ‘‘(i) allows a consumer to request a secu-rity freeze; ‘‘(ii) allows a consumer to request an ini-tial fraud alert; ‘‘(iii) allows a consumer to request an ex-tended fraud alert; ‘‘(iv) allows a consumer to request an ac-tive duty fraud alert; ‘‘(v) allows a consumer to opt-out of the use of information in a consumer report to send the consumer a solicitation of credit or insurance, in accordance with section 615(d); and ‘‘(vi) shall not be the only mechanism by which a consumer may request a security freeze. ‘‘(B) FTC.—The Federal Trade Commission shall establish a single webpage that in-cludes a link to each webpage established under subparagraph (A) within the Federal Trade Commission’s website www.Identitytheft.gov, or a successor website. ‘‘(j) N
ATIONAL PROTECTION FOR FILES AND  C
REDIT RECORDS OF PROTECTED CONSUMERS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this sub-section: ‘‘(A) The term ‘consumer reporting agency’ means a consumer reporting agency de-scribed in section 603(p). ‘‘(B) The term ‘protected consumer’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(i) under the age of 16 years at the time a request for the placement of a security freeze is made; or ‘‘(ii) an incapacitated person or a protected person for whom a guardian or conservator has been appointed. ‘‘(C) The term ‘protected consumer’s rep-resentative’ means a person who provides to a consumer reporting agency sufficient proof of authority to act on behalf of a protected consumer. ‘‘(D) The term ‘record’ means a compila-tion of information that— ‘‘(i) identifies a protected consumer; ‘‘(ii) is created by a consumer reporting agency solely for the purpose of complying with this subsection; and ‘‘(iii) may not be created or used to con-sider the protected consumer’s credit worthi-ness, credit standing, credit capacity, char-acter, general reputation, personal charac-teristics, or mode of living. ‘‘(E) The term ‘security freeze’ means a re-striction that prohibits a consumer report-ing agency from disclosing the contents of a consumer report that is the subject of such security freeze or, in the case of a protected consumer for whom the consumer reporting agency does not have a file, a record that is subject to such security freeze to any person requesting the consumer report for the pur-pose of opening a new account involving the extension of credit. ‘‘(F) The term ‘sufficient proof of author-ity’ means documentation that shows a pro-tected consumer’s representative has author-ity to act on behalf of a protected consumer and includes— ‘‘(i) an order issued by a court of law; ‘‘(ii) a lawfully executed and valid power of attorney; ‘‘(iii) a document issued by a Federal, State, or local government agency in the United States showing proof of parentage, including a birth certificate; or ‘‘(iv) with respect to a protected consumer who has been placed in a foster care setting, a written communication from a county wel-fare department or its agent or designee, or a county probation department or its agent or designee, certifying that the protected consumer is in a foster care setting under its jurisdiction. ‘‘(G) The term ‘sufficient proof of identi-fication’ means information or documenta-tion that identifies a protected consumer and a protected consumer’s representative and includes— ‘‘(i) a social security number or a copy of a social security card issued by the Social Security Administration; ‘‘(ii) a certified or official copy of a birth certificate issued by the entity authorized to issue the birth certificate; or ‘‘(iii) a copy of a driver’s license, an identi-fication card issued by the motor vehicle ad-ministration, or any other government issued identification. ‘‘(2) PLACEMENT OF SECURITY FREEZE FOR A  
PROTECTED CONSUMER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a direct request from a protected consumer’s rep-resentative that a consumer reporting agen-cy place a security freeze, and upon receiving sufficient proof of identification and suffi-cient proof of authority, the consumer re-porting agency shall, free of charge, place the security freeze not later than— ‘‘(i) in the case of a request that is by toll- free telephone or secure electronic means, 1 business day after receiving the request di-rectly from the protected consumer’s rep-resentative; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a request that is by mail, 3 business days after receiving the re-quest directly from the protected consumer’s representative. ‘‘(B) C
ONFIRMATION AND ADDITIONAL INFOR -
MATION .—Not later than 5 business days after placing a security freeze under subparagraph (A), a consumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) send confirmation of the placement to the protected consumer’s representative; and ‘‘(ii) inform the protected consumer’s rep-resentative of the process by which the pro-tected consumer may remove the security freeze, including a mechanism to authen-ticate the protected consumer’s representa-tive. ‘‘(C) C
REATION OF FILE .—If a consumer re-porting agency does not have a file per-taining to a protected consumer when the consumer reporting agency receives a direct request under subparagraph (A), the con-sumer reporting agency shall create a record for the protected consumer. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON RELEASE OF RECORD OR  
FILE OF PROTECTED CONSUMER .—After a secu-rity freeze has been placed under paragraph (2)(A), and unless the security freeze is re-moved in accordance with this subsection, a consumer reporting agency may not release the protected consumer’s consumer report, any information derived from the protected consumer’s consumer report, or any record created for the protected consumer. ‘‘(4) R
EMOVAL OF A PROTECTED CONSUMER  
SECURITY FREEZE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting agency shall remove a security freeze placed on the consumer report of a protected con-sumer only in the following cases: ‘‘(i) Upon the direct request of the pro-tected consumer’s representative. ‘‘(ii) Upon the direct request of the pro-tected consumer, if the protected consumer is not under the age of 16 years at the time of the request. ‘‘(iii) The security freeze was placed due to a material misrepresentation of fact by the protected consumer’s representative. ‘‘(B) NOTICE IF REMOVAL NOT BY REQUEST .— If a consumer reporting agency removes a se-curity freeze under subparagraph (A)(iii), the consumer reporting agency shall notify the protected consumer’s representative in writ-ing prior to removing the security freeze. ‘‘(C) R
EMOVAL OF FREEZE BY REQUEST .—Ex- cept as provided in subparagraph (A)(iii), a security freeze shall remain in place until a protected consumer’s representative or pro-tected consumer described in subparagraph (A)(ii) directly requests that the security freeze be removed. Upon receiving a direct request from the protected consumer’s rep-resentative or protected consumer described in subparagraph (A)(ii) that a consumer re-porting agency remove a security freeze, and upon receiving sufficient proof of identifica-tion and sufficient proof of authority, the consumer reporting agency shall, free of charge, remove the security freeze not later than— ‘‘(i) in the case of a request that is by toll- free telephone or secure electronic means, 1 hour after receiving the request for removal; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a request that is by mail, 3 business days after receiving the re-quest for removal. ‘‘(D) T
EMPORARY REMOVAL OF SECURITY  
FREEZE .—Upon receiving a direct request from a protected consumer or a protected consumer’s representative under subpara-graph (A)(i), if the protected consumer or protected consumer’s representative requests a temporary removal of a security freeze, the consumer reporting agency shall, in accord-ance with subparagraph (C), remove the se-curity freeze for the period of time specified by the protected consumer or protected con-sumer’s representative.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 625(b)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681t(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) subsections (i) and (j) of section 605A relating to security freezes; or’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PROTECTING VETERANS’ CREDIT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to rectify problematic reporting of med-ical debt included in a consumer report of a veteran due to inappropriate or delayed pay-ment for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services provided in a non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs facility under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and (2) to clarify the process of debt collection for such medical debt. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO FAIRCREDIT REPORT -
INGACT.— (1) V
ETERAN ’S MEDICAL DEBT DEFINED .—Sec- tion 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(z) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(aa) V
ETERAN ’SMEDICAL DEBT.—The term ‘veteran’s medical debt’— ‘‘(1) means a medical collection debt of a veteran owed to a non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs health care provider that was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4331 May 22, 2018 
submitted to the Department for payment for health care authorized by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and ‘‘(2) includes medical collection debt that the Department of Veterans Affairs has wrongfully charged a veteran.’’. (2) E
XCLUSION FOR VETERAN ’S MEDICAL  
DEBT .—Section 605(a) of the Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) With respect to a consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p), any infor-mation related to a veteran’s medical debt if the date on which the hospital care, medical services, or extended care services was ren-dered relating to the debt antedates the re-port by less than 1 year if the consumer re-porting agency has actual knowledge that the information is related to a veteran’s medical debt and the consumer reporting agency is in compliance with its obligation under section 302(c)(5) of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. ‘‘(8) With respect to a consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p), any infor-mation related to a fully paid or settled vet-eran’s medical debt that had been character-ized as delinquent, charged off, or in collec-tion if the consumer reporting agency has actual knowledge that the information is re-lated to a veteran’s medical debt and the consumer reporting agency is in compliance with its obligation under section 302(c)(5) of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.’’. (3) R
EMOVAL OF VETERAN ’S MEDICAL DEBT  
FROM CONSUMER REPORT .—Section 611 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681i) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘and except as provided in subsection (g)’’ after ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ISPUTE PROCESS FOR VETERAN ’SMED-
ICAL DEBT.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a vet-eran’s medical debt, the veteran may submit a notice described in paragraph (2), proof of liability of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for payment of that debt, or docu-mentation that the Department of Veterans Affairs is in the process of making payment for authorized hospital care, medical serv-ices, or extended care services rendered to a consumer reporting agency or a reseller to dispute the inclusion of that debt on a con-sumer report of the veteran. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION TO VETERAN .—The De- partment of Veterans Affairs shall submit to a veteran a notice that the Department of Veterans Affairs has assumed liability for part or all of a veteran’s medical debt. ‘‘(3) D
ELETION OF INFORMATION FROM FILE .— If a consumer reporting agency receives no-tice, proof of liability, or documentation under paragraph (1), the consumer reporting agency shall delete all information relating to the veteran’s medical debt from the file of the veteran and notify the furnisher and the veteran of that deletion.’’. (c) V
ERIFICATION OF VETERAN ’SMEDICAL  D
EBT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) the term ‘‘consumer reporting agency’’ means a consumer reporting agency de-scribed in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(p)); and (B) the terms ‘‘veteran’’ and ‘‘veteran’s medical debt’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a), as added by subsection (b)(1). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a database to allow consumer reporting agencies to verify whether a debt furnished to a consumer reporting agency is a vet-eran’s medical debt. (3) DATABASE FEATURES .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the data-base established under paragraph (2), to the extent permitted by law, provides consumer reporting agencies with— (A) sufficiently detailed and specific infor-mation to verify whether a debt being fur-nished to the consumer reporting agency is a veteran’s medical debt; (B) access to verification information in a secure electronic format; (C) timely access to verification informa-tion; and (D) any other features that would promote the efficient, timely, and secure delivery of information that consumer reporting agen-cies could use to verify whether a debt is a veteran’s medical debt. (4) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—Prior to estab-lishing the database for verification under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment that solicits input from consumer reporting agencies and other stakeholders. (5) V
ERIFICATION .—Provided the database established under paragraph (2) is fully func-tional and the data available to consumer re-porting agencies, a consumer reporting agen-cy shall use the database as a means to iden-tify a veteran’s medical debt pursuant to paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 605(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c(a)), as added by subsection (b)(2). (d) C
REDIT MONITORING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 605A of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1), as amended by section 301(a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) C
REDIT MONITORING .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘active duty military con-sumer’ includes a member of the National Guard. ‘‘(B) The term ‘National Guard’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(c) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) C
REDIT MONITORING .—A consumer re-porting agency described in section 603(p) shall provide a free electronic credit moni-toring service that, at a minimum, notifies a consumer of material additions or modifica-tions to the file of the consumer at the con-sumer reporting agency to any consumer who provides to the consumer reporting agency— ‘‘(A) appropriate proof that the consumer is an active duty military consumer; and ‘‘(B) contact information of the consumer. ‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Federal Trade Commission shall promulgate regulations regarding the re-quirements of this subsection, which shall at a minimum include— ‘‘(A) a definition of an electronic credit monitoring service and material additions or modifications to the file of a consumer; and ‘‘(B) what constitutes appropriate proof. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) Sections 616 and 617 shall not apply to any violation of this subsection. ‘‘(B) This subsection shall be enforced ex-clusively under section 621 by the Federal agencies and Federal and State officials identified in that section.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 625(b)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681t(b)(1)), as amended by section 301(b), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) subsection (k) of section 605A, relat-ing to credit monitoring for active duty military consumers, as defined in that sub-section;’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. IMMUNITY FROM SUIT FOR DISCLO-SURE OF FINANCIAL EXPLOITATION OF SENIOR CITIZENS. 
(a) I MMUNITY .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (A) the term ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act officer’’ means an individual responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements mandated by subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act’’); (B) the term ‘‘broker-dealer’’ means a broker and a dealer, as those terms are de-fined in section 3(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)); (C) the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means— (i) a State financial regulatory agency, in-cluding a State securities or law enforce-ment authority and a State insurance regu-lator; (ii) each of the Federal agencies rep-resented in the membership of the Financial Institutions Examination Council estab-lished under section 1004 of the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3303); (iii) a securities association registered under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–3); (iv) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; (v) a law enforcement agency; or (vi) a State or local agency responsible for administering adult protective service laws; (D) the term ‘‘covered financial institu-tion’’ means— (i) a credit union; (ii) a depository institution; (iii) an investment adviser; (iv) a broker-dealer; (v) an insurance company; (vi) an insurance agency; or (vii) a transfer agent; (E) the term ‘‘credit union’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 2 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301); (F) the term ‘‘depository institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(c)); (G) the term ‘‘exploitation’’ means the fraudulent or otherwise illegal, unauthor-ized, or improper act or process of an indi-vidual, including a caregiver or a fiduciary, that— (i) uses the resources of a senior citizen for monetary or personal benefit, profit, or gain; or (ii) results in depriving a senior citizen of rightful access to or use of benefits, re-sources, belongings, or assets; (H) the term ‘‘insurance agency’’ means any business entity that sells, solicits, or ne-gotiates insurance coverage; (I) the term ‘‘insurance company’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a)); (J) the term ‘‘insurance producer’’ means an individual who is required under State law to be licensed in order to sell, solicit, or negotiate insurance coverage; (K) the term ‘‘investment adviser’’ has the meaning given the term in section 202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(a)); (L) the term ‘‘investment adviser rep-resentative’’ means an individual who— (i) is employed by, or associated with, an investment adviser; and (ii) does not perform solely clerical or min-isterial acts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4332 May 22, 2018 
(M) the term ‘‘registered representative’’ means an individual who represents a broker-dealer in effecting or attempting to effect a purchase or sale of securities; (N) the term ‘‘senior citizen’’ means an in-dividual who is not younger than 65 years of age; (O) the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States; (P) the term ‘‘State insurance regulator’’ has the meaning given the term in section 315 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6735); (Q) the term ‘‘State securities or law en-forcement authority’’ has the meaning given the term in section 24(f)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78x(f)(4)); and (R) the term ‘‘transfer agent’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). (2) I
MMUNITY FROM SUIT .— (A) I
MMUNITY FOR INDIVIDUALS .—An indi- vidual who has received the training de-scribed in subsection (b) shall not be liable, including in any civil or administrative pro-ceeding, for disclosing the suspected exploi-tation of a senior citizen to a covered agency if the individual, at the time of the disclo-sure— (i) served as a supervisor or in a compli-ance or legal function (including as a Bank Secrecy Act officer) for, or, in the case of a registered representative, investment ad-viser representative, or insurance producer, was affiliated or associated with, a covered financial institution; and (ii) made the disclosure— (I) in good faith; and (II) with reasonable care. (B) I
MMUNITY FOR COVERED FINANCIAL INSTI -
TUTIONS .—A covered financial institution shall not be liable, including in any civil or administrative proceeding, for a disclosure made by an individual described in subpara-graph (A) if— (i) the individual was employed by, or, in the case of a registered representative, insur-ance producer, or investment adviser rep-resentative, affiliated or associated with, the covered financial institution at the time of the disclosure; and (ii) before the time of the disclosure, each individual described in subsection (b)(1) re-ceived the training described in subsection (b). (C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be construed to limit the liability of an individual or a cov-ered financial institution in a civil action for any act, omission, or fraud that is not a dis-closure described in subparagraph (A). (b) T
RAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered financial insti-tution or a third party selected by a covered financial institution may provide the train-ing described in paragraph (2)(A) to each offi-cer or employee of, or registered representa-tive, insurance producer, or investment ad-viser representative affiliated or associated with, the covered financial institution who— (A) is described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(i); (B) may come into contact with a senior citizen as a regular part of the professional duties of the individual; or (C) may review or approve the financial documents, records, or transactions of a sen-ior citizen in connection with providing fi-nancial services to a senior citizen. (2) C
ONTENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The content of the train-ing that a covered financial institution or a third party selected by the covered financial institution may provide under paragraph (1) shall— (i) be maintained by the covered financial institution and made available to a covered agency with examination authority over the covered financial institution, upon request, except that a covered financial institution shall not be required to maintain or make available such content with respect to any individual who is no longer employed by, or affiliated or associated with, the covered fi-nancial institution; (ii) instruct any individual attending the training on how to identify and report the suspected exploitation of a senior citizen in-ternally and, as appropriate, to government officials or law enforcement authorities, in-cluding common signs that indicate the fi-nancial exploitation of a senior citizen; (iii) discuss the need to protect the privacy and respect the integrity of each individual customer of the covered financial institu-tion; and (iv) be appropriate to the job responsibil-ities of the individual attending the training. (B) TIMING .—The training under paragraph (1) shall be provided— (i) as soon as reasonably practicable; and (ii) with respect to an individual who be-gins employment, or becomes affiliated or associated, with a covered financial institu-tion after the date of enactment of this Act, not later than 1 year after the date on which the individual becomes employed by, or af-filiated or associated with, the covered fi-nancial institution in a position described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1). (C) R
ECORDS .—A covered financial institu-tion shall— (i) maintain a record of each individual who— (I) is employed by, or affiliated or associ-ated with, the covered financial institution in a position described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1); and (II) has completed the training under para-graph (1), regardless of whether the training was— (aa) provided by the covered financial in-stitution or a third party selected by the covered financial institution; (bb) completed before the individual was employed by, or affiliated or associated with, the covered financial institution; and (cc) completed before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) upon request, provide a record de-scribed in clause (i) to a covered agency with examination authority over the covered fi-nancial institution. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt or limit any provision of State law, except only to the extent that subsection (a) pro-vides a greater level of protection against li-ability to an individual described in sub-section (a)(2)(A) or to a covered financial in-stitution described in subsection (a)(2)(B) than is provided under State law. 
SEC. 304. RESTORATION OF THE PROTECTING TENANTS AT FORECLOSURE ACT OF 2009. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SUNSET PROVISION .—Section 704 of the Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act of 2009 (12 U.S.C. 5201 note; 12 U.S.C. 5220 note; 42 U.S.C. 1437f note) is repealed. (b) R
ESTORATION .—Sections 701 through 703 of the Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act of 2009, the provisions of law amended by such sections, and any regulations promul-gated pursuant to such sections, as were in effect on December 30, 2014, are restored and revived. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 305. REMEDIATING LEAD AND ASBESTOS HAZARDS. 
Section 109(a)(1) of the Emergency Eco-nomic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5219(a)(1)) is amended, in the second sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘and to remediate lead and asbestos hazards in residential prop-erties’’ before the period at the end. SEC. 306. FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the certificate and vouch-er programs under section 8’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION OF PRIOR REQUIRED PRO-
GRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each public housing agency that was required to administer a local Family Self-Sufficiency program on the date of enactment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act shall operate such local pro-gram for, at a minimum, the number of fami-lies the agency was required to serve on the date of enactment of such Act, subject only to the availability under appropriations Acts of sufficient amounts for housing assistance and the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION .—The number of families for which a public housing agency is required to operate such local program under para-graph (1) shall be decreased by 1 for each family from any supported rental housing program administered by such agency that, after October 21, 1998, fulfills its obligations under the contract of participation. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall not require a public housing agency to carry out a mandatory program for a period of time upon the request of the public housing agen-cy and upon a determination by the Sec-retary that implementation is not feasible because of local circumstances, which may include— ‘‘(A) lack of supportive services accessible to eligible families, which shall include in-sufficient availability of resources for pro-grams under title I of the Workforce Invest-ment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.); ‘‘(B) lack of funding for reasonable admin-istrative costs; ‘‘(C) lack of cooperation by other units of State or local government; or ‘‘(D) any other circumstances that the Sec-retary may consider appropriate.’’; (3) by striking subsection (i); (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i) respectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b), as amended, the following: ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE FAMILIES .—A family is eligi-ble to participate in a local Family Self-Suf-ficiency program under this section if— ‘‘(A) at least 1 household member seeks to become and remain employed in suitable em-ployment or to increase earnings; and ‘‘(B) the household member receives direct assistance under section 8 or resides in a unit assisted under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The following en-tities are eligible to administer a local Fam-ily Self-Sufficiency program under this sec-tion: ‘‘(A) A public housing agency admin-istering housing assistance to or on behalf of an eligible family under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(B) The owner or sponsor of a multifamily property receiving project-based rental as-sistance under section 8, in accordance with the requirements under subsection (l).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ the first time it appears and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4333 May 22, 2018 
(ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘each leaseholder receiving assistance under the certificate and voucher programs of the pub-lic housing agency under section 8 or resid-ing in public housing administered by the agency’’ and inserting ‘‘a household member of an eligible family’’; and (iii) by striking the third sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘Housing assistance may not be terminated as a consequence of either successful completion of the contract of participation or failure to complete such contract. A contract of participation shall remain in effect until the participating fam-ily exits the Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram upon successful graduation or expira-tion of the contract of participation, or for other good cause.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘A local program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible enti-ty’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for’’; and (II) in the second sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘provided during’’ and in-serting ‘‘coordinated for’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘under section 8 or resid-ing in public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to section 8 or 9 and for the duration of the contract of participation’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘, but are not limited to’’ after ‘‘may include’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or attainment of a high school equivalency cer-tificate’’ after ‘‘high school’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (G); (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (J) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (K) respectively; (v) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) education in pursuit of a post-sec-ondary degree or certification;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘fi-nancial literacy, such as training in finan-cial management, financial coaching, and asset building, and’’ after ‘‘training in’’; (vii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (viii) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) homeownership education and assist-ance; and’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘the first recertification of income after’’ after ‘‘not later than 5 years after’’; and (ii) in the second sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘of the agency’’; (D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYMENT .—The contract of partici-pation shall require 1 household member of the participating family to seek and main-tain suitable employment.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
ONPARTICIPATION .—Assistance under section 8 or 9 for a family that elects not to participate in a Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram shall not be delayed by reason of such election.’’; (7) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘whose monthly adjusted income does not exceed 50 percent’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end of the third sentence and in-serting ‘‘shall be calculated under the rental provisions of section 3 or section 8(o), as ap-plicable.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘For each partici-pating family, an amount equal to any in-crease in the amount of rent paid by the family in accordance with the provisions of section 3 or 8(o), as applicable, that is attrib-utable to increases in earned income by the participating family, shall be placed in an interest-bearing escrow account established by the eligible entity on behalf of the par-ticipating family. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an eligible entity may use funds it controls under section 8 or 9 for purposes of making the escrow deposit for participating families assisted under, or residing in units assisted under, section 8 or 9, respectively, provided such funds are offset by the increase in the amount of rent paid by the participating family.’’; (ii) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘All Family Self-Suffi-ciency programs administered under this section shall include an escrow account.’’; (iii) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (iv) in the last sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘A public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the public housing agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) FORFEITED ESCROW .—Any amount placed in an escrow account established by an eligible entity for a participating family as required under paragraph (2), that exists after the end of a contract of participation by a household member of a participating family that does not qualify to receive the escrow, shall be used by the eligible entity for the benefit of participating families in good standing.’’; (8) in subsection (f), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, unless the income of the family equals or exceeds 80 percent of the median income of the area (as determined by the Secretary with adjustments for smaller and larger families)’’; (9) in subsection (g), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the public housing agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (g)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’ each place that term appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘primary, secondary, and post-secondary’’ after ‘‘public and private’’; and (iv) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘and tenants served by the program’’ after ‘‘the unit of general local government’’; (10) in subsection (h), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘participating in the’’ and inserting ‘‘carrying out a’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to the Secretary’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘residents of the public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘the current and pro-spective participants of the program’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘provided to’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated on behalf of participating’’; (III) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘assist-ance’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘the section 8 and public housing programs’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘de-liver’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; (iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the So-cial Security Act and’’; and (v) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘public housing or section 8 assistance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘assistance under section 8 or 9’’; (11) by amending subsection (i), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(i) FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to appropria-tions, the Secretary shall establish a for-mula by which annual funds shall be awarded or as otherwise determined by the Secretary for the costs incurred by an eligible entity in administering the Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR AWARDS .—The award established under paragraph (1) shall provide funding for family self-sufficiency coordina-tors as follows: ‘‘(A) B
ASE AWARD .—An eligible entity serv-ing 25 or more participants in the Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section is eligible to receive an award equal to the costs, as determined by the Secretary, of 1 full-time family self-sufficiency coordinator position. The Secretary may, by regulation or notice, determine the policy concerning the award for an eligible entity serving fewer than 25 such participants, including pro-viding prorated awards or allowing such en-tities to combine their programs under this section for purposes of employing a coordi-nator. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL AWARD .—An eligible enti-ty that meets performance standards set by the Secretary is eligible to receive an addi-tional award sufficient to cover the costs of filling an additional family self-sufficiency coordinator position if such entity has 75 or more participating families, and an addi-tional coordinator for each additional 50 par-ticipating families, or such other ratio as may be established by the Secretary based on the award allocation evaluation under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(C) S
TATE AND REGIONAL AGENCIES .—For purposes of calculating the award under this paragraph, each administratively distinct part of a State or regional eligible entity may be treated as a separate agency. ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF COORDI -
NATORS .—In determining whether an eligible entity meets a specific threshold for funding pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider the number of participants en-rolled by the eligible entity in its Family Self-Sufficiency program as well as other criteria determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) A
WARD ALLOCATION EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the award allocation under this subsection, and make recommendations based on this evaluation and other related findings to modify such allocation, within 4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4334 May 22, 2018 
years after the date of enactment of the Eco-nomic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Con-sumer Protection Act, and not less fre-quently than every 4 years thereafter. The report requirement under this subparagraph shall terminate after the Secretary has sub-mitted 2 such reports to Congress. ‘‘(3) R
ENEWALS AND ALLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds allocated by the Secretary under this subsection shall be allo-cated in the following order of priority: ‘‘(i) F
IRST PRIORITY .—Renewal of the full cost of all coordinators in the previous year at each eligible entity with an existing Fam-ily Self-Sufficiency program that meets ap-plicable performance standards set by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND PRIORITY .—New or incre-mental coordinator funding authorized under this section. ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—If the first priority, as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), cannot be fully satisfied, the Secretary may prorate the funding for each eligible entity, as long as— ‘‘(i) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator as part of any such proration; and ‘‘(ii) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator as part of any such proration. ‘‘(4) R
ECAPTURE OR OFFSET .—Any awards allocated under this subsection by the Sec-retary in a fiscal year that have not been spent by the end of the subsequent fiscal year or such other time period as determined by the Secretary may be recaptured by the Secretary and shall be available for pro-viding additional awards pursuant to para-graph (2)(B), or may be offset as determined by the Secretary. Funds appropriated pursu-ant to this section shall remain available for 3 years in order to facilitate the re-use of any recaptured funds for this purpose. ‘‘(5) P
ERFORMANCE REPORTING .—Programs under this section shall be required to report the number of families enrolled and grad-uated, the number of established escrow ac-counts and positive escrow balances, and any other information that the Secretary may require. Program performance shall be re-viewed periodically as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) I
NCENTIVES FOR INNOVATION AND HIGH  
PERFORMANCE .—The Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amounts made avail-able under this subsection to provide support to or reward Family Self-Sufficiency pro-grams based on the rate of successful com-pletion, increased earned income, or other factors as may be established by the Sec-retary.’’; (12) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (B) by striking ‘‘public housing’’ before ‘‘units’’; (C) by striking ‘‘in public housing projects administered by the agency’’; (D) by inserting ‘‘or coordination’’ after ‘‘provision’’; and (E) by striking the last sentence; (13) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘public housing agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible en-tities’’; (14) by striking subsection (n); (15) by striking subsection (o); (16) by redesignating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (m) and (n), respectively; (17) by inserting after subsection (k) the following: ‘‘(l) P
ROGRAMS FOR TENANTS IN PRIVATELY  O
WNED PROPERTIES WITHPROJECT -BASED AS-
SISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) VOLUNTARY AVAILABILITY OF FSS PRO -
GRAM .—The owner of a privately owned prop-erty may voluntarily make a Family Self- Sufficiency program available to the tenants of such property in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. Such procedures shall permit the owner to enter into a cooperative agreement with a local public housing agency that administers a Family Self-Sufficiency program or, at the owner’s option, operate a Family Self-Suffi-ciency program on its own or in partnership with another owner. An owner, who volun-tarily makes a Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram available pursuant to this subsection, may access funding from any residual re-ceipt accounts for the property to hire a family self-sufficiency coordinator or coordi-nators for their program. ‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—Any coop-erative agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall require the public hous-ing agency to open its Family Self-Suffi-ciency program waiting list to any eligible family residing in the owner’s property who resides in a unit assisted under project-based rental assistance. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF FAMILIES ASSISTED  
UNDER THIS SUBSECTION .—A public housing agency that enters into a cooperative agree-ment pursuant to paragraph (1) may count any family participating in its Family Self- Sufficiency program as a result of such agreement as part of the calculation of the award under subsection (i). ‘‘(4) E
SCROW .— ‘‘(A) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—A coopera-tive agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide for the calcula-tion and tracking of the escrow for partici-pating residents and for the owner to make available, upon request of the public housing agency, escrow for participating residents, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e), residing in units assisted under section 8. ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION AND TRACKING BY  
OWNER .—The owner of a privately owned property who voluntarily makes a Family Self-Sufficiency program available pursuant to paragraph (1) shall calculate and track the escrow for participating residents and make escrow for participating residents available in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e). ‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not apply to properties assisted under section 8(o)(13). ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF ENROLLMENT .—In any year, the Secretary may suspend the enroll-ment of new families in Family Self-Suffi-ciency programs under this subsection based on a determination that insufficient funding is available for this purpose.’’; (18) in subsection (m), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Each public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each eligible entity’’; (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The report shall include’’ and inserting ‘‘The contents of the report shall include’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘local’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and de-scribing any additional research needs of the Secretary to evaluate the effectiveness of the program’’ after ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’; (19) in subsection (n), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (20) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(2) to admin-ister a Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE FAMILY .—The term ‘eligible family’ means a family that meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(1) to partici-pate in the Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATING FAMILY .—The term ‘participating family’ means an eligible fam-ily that is participating in the Family Self- Sufficiency program under this section.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall issue regulations to implement this section and any amendments made by this section, and this section and any amend-ments made by this section shall take effect upon such issuance. 
SEC. 307. PROPERTY ASSESSED CLEAN ENERGY FINANCING. 
Section 129C(b)(3) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c(b)(3)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION OF UNDERWRITING RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR PROPERTY ASSESSED CLEAN  
ENERGY FINANCING .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘Property Assessed Clean Energy fi-nancing’ means financing to cover the costs of home improvements that results in a tax assessment on the real property of the con-sumer. ‘‘(ii) R
EGULATIONS .—The Bureau shall pre-scribe regulations that carry out the pur-poses of subsection (a) and apply section 130 with respect to violations under subsection (a) of this section with respect to Property Assessed Clean Energy financing, which shall account for the unique nature of Property Assessed Clean Energy financing. ‘‘(iii) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION AND CON -
SULTATION .—In prescribing the regulations under this subparagraph, the Bureau— ‘‘(I) may collect such information and data that the Bureau determines is necessary; and ‘‘(II) shall consult with State and local governments and bond-issuing authorities.’’. 
SEC. 308. GAO REPORT ON CONSUMER REPORT-ING AGENCIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘consumer’’, ‘‘consumer report’’, and ‘‘con-sumer reporting agency’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a comprehensive report that includes— (1) a review of the current legal and regu-latory structure for consumer reporting agencies and an analysis of any gaps in that structure, including, in particular, the rule-making, supervisory, and enforcement au-thority of State and Federal agencies under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (Pub-lic Law 106–102; 113 Stat. 1338), and any other relevant statutes; (2) a review of the process by which con-sumers can appeal and expunge errors on their consumer reports; (3) a review of the causes of consumer re-porting errors; (4) a review of the responsibilities of data furnishers to ensure that accurate informa-tion is initially reported to consumer report-ing agencies and to ensure that such infor-mation continues to be accurate; (5) a review of data security relating to consumer reporting agencies and their ef-forts to safeguard consumer data; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4335 May 22, 2018 
(6) a review of who has access to, and may use, consumer reports; (7) a review of who has control or owner-ship of a consumer’s credit data; (8) an analysis of— (A) which Federal and State regulatory agencies supervise and enforce laws relating to how consumer reporting agencies protect consumer data; and (B) all laws relating to data security appli-cable to consumer reporting agencies; and (9) recommendations to Congress on how to improve the consumer reporting system, in-cluding legislative, regulatory, and industry- specific recommendations. 
SEC. 309. PROTECTING VETERANS FROM PREDA-TORY LENDING. 
(a) P ROTECTING VETERANS FROM PREDA -
TORY LENDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 3709. Refinancing of housing loans ‘‘(a) F
EERECOUPMENT .—Except as provided in subsection (d) and notwithstanding sec-tion 3703 of this title or any other provision of law, a loan to a veteran for a purpose spec-ified in section 3710 of this title that is being refinanced may not be guaranteed or insured under this chapter unless— ‘‘(1) the issuer of the refinanced loan pro-vides the Secretary with a certification of the recoupment period for fees, closing costs, and any expenses (other than taxes, amounts held in escrow, and fees paid under this chap-ter) that would be incurred by the borrower in the refinancing of the loan; ‘‘(2) all of the fees and incurred costs are scheduled to be recouped on or before the date that is 36 months after the date of loan issuance; and ‘‘(3) the recoupment is calculated through lower regular monthly payments (other than taxes, amounts held in escrow, and fees paid under this chapter) as a result of the refi-nanced loan. ‘‘(b) N
ETTANGIBLE BENEFIT TEST.—Except as provided in subsection (d) and notwith-standing section 3703 of this title or any other provision of law, a loan to a veteran for a purpose specified in section 3710 of this title that is refinanced may not be guaran-teed or insured under this chapter unless— ‘‘(1) the issuer of the refinanced loan pro-vides the borrower with a net tangible ben-efit test; ‘‘(2) in a case in which the original loan had a fixed rate mortgage interest rate and the refinanced loan will have a fixed rate mortgage interest rate, the refinanced loan has a mortgage interest rate that is not less than 50 basis points less than the previous loan; ‘‘(3) in a case in which the original loan had a fixed rate mortgage interest rate and the refinanced loan will have an adjustable rate mortgage interest rate, the refinanced loan has a mortgage interest rate that is not less than 200 basis points less than the pre-vious loan; and ‘‘(4) the lower interest rate is not produced solely from discount points, unless— ‘‘(A) such points are paid at closing; and ‘‘(B) such points are not added to the prin-cipal loan amount, unless— ‘‘(i) for discount point amounts that are less than or equal to one discount point, the resulting loan balance after any fees and ex-penses allows the property with respect to which the loan was issued to maintain a loan to value ratio of 100 percent or less; and ‘‘(ii) for discount point amounts that are greater than one discount point, the result-ing loan balance after any fees and expenses allows the property with respect to which the loan was issued to maintain a loan to value ratio of 90 percent or less. ‘‘(c) LOANSEASONING .—Except as provided in subsection (d) and notwithstanding sec-tion 3703 of this title or any other provision of law, a loan to a veteran for a purpose spec-ified in section 3710 of this title that is refi-nanced may not be guaranteed or insured under this chapter until the date that is the later of— ‘‘(1) the date that is 210 days after the date on which the first monthly payment is made on the loan; and ‘‘(2) the date on which the sixth monthly payment is made on the loan. ‘‘(d) C
ASH-OUT REFINANCES .—(1) Sub-sections (a) through (c) shall not apply in a case of a loan refinancing in which the amount of the principal for the new loan to be guaranteed or insured under this chapter is larger than the payoff amount of the refi-nanced loan. ‘‘(2) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall promulgate such rules as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to refinancing described in paragraph (1) to ensure that such refinancing is in the finan-cial interest of the borrower, including rules relating to recoupment, seasoning, and net tangible benefits.’’. (2) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In prescribing any regula-tion to carry out section 3709 of title 38, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may waive the requirements of sections 551 through 559 of title 5, United States Code, if— (i) the Secretary determines that urgent or compelling circumstances make compliance with such requirements impracticable or contrary to the public interest; (ii) the Secretary submits to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and publishes in the Federal Register, notice of such waiv-er, including a description of the determina-tion made under clause (i); and (iii) a period of 10 days elapses following the notification under clause (ii). (B) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—If a regu- lation prescribed pursuant to a waiver made under subparagraph (A) is in effect for a pe-riod exceeding 1 year, the Secretary shall provide the public an opportunity for notice and comment regarding such regulation. (C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This paragraph shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (D) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The authorities under this paragraph shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (3) R
EPORT ON CASH -OUT REFINANCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, in consultation with the President of the Ginnie Mae, submit to Con-gress a report on refinancing— (i) of loans— (I) made to veterans for purposes specified in section 3710 of title 38, United States Code; and (II) that were guaranteed or insured under chapter 37 of such title; and (ii) in which the amount of the principal for the new loan to be guaranteed or insured under such chapter is larger than the payoff amount of the refinanced loan. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) An assessment of whether additional re-quirements, including a net tangible benefit test, fee recoupment period, and loan sea-soning requirement, are necessary to ensure that the refinancing described in subpara-graph (A) is in the financial interest of the borrower. (ii) Such recommendations as the Sec-retary may have for additional legislative or administrative action to ensure that refi-nancing described in subparagraph (A) is car-ried out in the financial interest of the bor-rower. (4) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3709 the following new item: ‘‘3709. Refinancing of housing loans.’’. (b) L
OANSEASONING FOR GINNIE MAEMORT-
GAGE -BACKED SECURITIES .—Section 306(g)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘The As-sociation may not guarantee the timely pay-ment of principal and interest on a security that is backed by a mortgage insured or guaranteed under chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, and that was refinanced until the later of the date that is 210 days after the date on which the first monthly payment is made on the mortgage being refi-nanced and the date on which 6 full monthly payments have been made on the mortgage being refinanced.’’ after ‘‘Act of 1992.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON LIQUIDITY OF THE DEPART -
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HOUSING LOAN P
ROGRAM .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment and the President of the Ginnie Mae shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the liquidity of the housing loan program under chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, in the secondary mortgage market, which shall— (A) assess the loans provided under that chapter that collateralize mortgage-backed securities that are guaranteed by Ginnie Mae; and (B) include recommendations for actions that Ginnie Mae should take to ensure that the liquidity of that housing loan program is maintained. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (B) G
INNIE MAE .—The term ‘‘Ginnie Mae’’ means the Government National Mortgage Association. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT ON DOCUMENT DISCLO -
SURE AND CONSUMER EDUCATION .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall issue a pub-licly available report that— (1) examines, with respect to loans pro-vided to veterans under chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code— (A) the refinancing of fixed-rate mortgage loans to adjustable rate mortgage loans; (B) whether veterans are informed of the risks and disclosures associated with that re-financing; and (C) whether advertising materials for that refinancing are clear and do not contain mis-leading statements or assertions; and (2) includes findings based on any com-plaints received by veterans and on an ongo-ing assessment of the refinancing market by the Secretary. 
SEC. 310. CREDIT SCORE COMPETITION. 
(a) U SE OF CREDIT SCORES BY FANNIE MAE 
INPURCHASING RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGES .— Section 302(b) of the Federal National Mort-gage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1717(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4336 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(7)(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘credit score’ means a numer-ical value or a categorization created by a third party derived from a statistical tool or modeling system used by a person who makes or arranges a loan to predict the like-lihood of certain credit behaviors, including default; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘residential mortgage’ has the meaning given the term in section 302 of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 1451). ‘‘(B) U
SE OF CREDIT SCORES .—The corpora-tion shall condition purchase of a residential mortgage by the corporation under this sub-section on the provision of a credit score for the borrower only if— ‘‘(i) the credit score is derived from any credit scoring model that has been validated and approved by the corporation under this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) the corporation provides for the use of the credit score by all of the automated un-derwriting systems of the corporation and any other procedures and systems used by the corporation to purchase residential mortgages that use a credit score. ‘‘(C) V
ALIDATION AND APPROVAL PROCESS .— The corporation shall establish a validation and approval process for the use of credit score models, under which the corporation may not validate and approve a credit score model unless the credit score model— ‘‘(i) satisfies minimum requirements of in-tegrity, reliability, and accuracy; ‘‘(ii) has a historical record of measuring and predicting default rates and other credit behaviors; ‘‘(iii) is consistent with the safe and sound operation of the corporation; ‘‘(iv) complies with any standards and cri-teria established by the Director of the Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency under section 1328(1) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Fi-nancial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992; and ‘‘(v) satisfies any other requirements, as determined by the corporation. ‘‘(D) R
EPLACEMENT OF CREDIT SCORE  M
ODEL .—If the corporation has validated and approved 1 or more credit score models under subparagraph (C) and the corporation vali-dates and approves an additional credit score model, the corporation may determine that— ‘‘(i) the additional credit score model has replaced the credit score model or credit score models previously validated and ap-proved; and ‘‘(ii) the credit score model or credit score models previously validated and approved shall no longer be considered validated and approved for the purposes of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(E) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—Upon estab-lishing the validation and approval process required under subparagraph (C), the cor-poration shall make publicly available a de-scription of the validation and approval process. ‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the effective date of this paragraph, the corporation shall solicit applications from developers of credit scoring models for the validation and approval of those models under the process required under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(G) T
IMEFRAME FOR DETERMINATION ; NO-
TICE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The corporation shall make a determination with respect to any application submitted under subparagraph (F), and provide notice of that determination to the applicant, before a date established by the corporation that is not later than 180 days after the date on which an application is submitted to the corporation. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—The Director of the Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency may authorize not more than 2 extensions of the date estab-lished under clause (i), each of which shall not exceed 30 days, upon a written request and a showing of good cause by the corpora-tion. ‘‘(iii) STATUS NOTICE .—The corporation shall provide notice to an applicant regard-ing the status of an application submitted under subparagraph (F) not later than 60 days after the date on which the application was submitted to the corporation. ‘‘(iv) R
EASONS FOR DISAPPROVAL .—If an ap- plication submitted under subparagraph (F) is disapproved, the corporation shall provide to the applicant the reasons for the dis-approval not later than 30 days after a deter-mination is made under this subparagraph. ‘‘(H) A
UTHORITY OF DIRECTOR .—If the cor-poration elects to use a credit score model under this paragraph, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency shall re-quire the corporation to periodically review the validation and approval process required under subparagraph (C) as the Director de-termines necessary to ensure that the proc-ess remains appropriate and adequate and complies with any standards and criteria es-tablished pursuant to section 1328(1) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safe-ty and Soundness Act of 1992. ‘‘(I) E
XTENSION .—If, as of the effective date of this paragraph, a credit score model has not been approved under subparagraph (C), the corporation may use a credit score model that was in use before the effective date of this paragraph, if necessary to prevent sub-stantial market disruptions, until the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the date on which a credit score model is validated and approved under subpara-graph (C); or ‘‘(ii) the date that is 2 years after the effec-tive date of this paragraph.’’. (b) U
SE OF CREDIT SCORES BY FREDDIE MAC 
INPURCHASING RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGES .— Section 305 of the Federal Home Loan Mort-gage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1454) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘credit score’ means a numerical value or a categorization created by a third party derived from a statistical tool or modeling system used by a person who makes or ar-ranges a loan to predict the likelihood of certain credit behaviors, including default. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF CREDIT SCORES .—The Corpora-tion shall condition purchase of a residential mortgage by the Corporation under this sec-tion on the provision of a credit score for the borrower only if— ‘‘(A) the credit score is derived from any credit scoring model that has been validated and approved by the Corporation under this subsection; and ‘‘(B) the Corporation provides for the use of the credit score by all of the automated underwriting systems of the Corporation and any other procedures and systems used by the Corporation to purchase residential mortgages that use a credit score. ‘‘(3) V
ALIDATION AND APPROVAL PROCESS .— The Corporation shall establish a validation and approval process for the use of credit score models, under which the Corporation may not validate and approve a credit score model unless the credit score model— ‘‘(A) satisfies minimum requirements of in-tegrity, reliability, and accuracy; ‘‘(B) has a historical record of measuring and predicting default rates and other credit behaviors; ‘‘(C) is consistent with the safe and sound operation of the corporation; ‘‘(D) complies with any standards and cri-teria established by the Director of the Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency under section 1328(1) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Fi-nancial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992; and ‘‘(E) satisfies any other requirements, as determined by the Corporation. ‘‘(4) REPLACEMENT OF CREDIT SCORE  M
ODEL .—If the Corporation has validated and approved 1 or more credit score models under paragraph (3) and the Corporation validates and approves an additional credit score model, the Corporation may determine that— ‘‘(A) the additional credit score model has replaced the credit score model or credit score models previously validated and ap-proved; and ‘‘(B) the credit score model or credit score models previously validated and approved shall no longer be considered validated and approved for the purposes of paragraph (2). ‘‘(5) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—Upon estab-lishing the validation and approval process required under paragraph (3), the Corpora-tion shall make publicly available a descrip-tion of the validation and approval process. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the effective date of this subsection, the Corporation shall solicit applications from developers of credit scoring models for the validation and approval of those models under the process required under paragraph (3). ‘‘(7) T
IMEFRAME FOR DETERMINATION ; NO-
TICE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall make a determination with respect to any application submitted under paragraph (6), and provide notice of that determination to the applicant, before a date established by the Corporation that is not later than 180 days after the date on which an application is submitted to the Corporation. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS .—The Director of the Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency may authorize not more than 2 extensions of the date estab-lished under subparagraph (A), each of which shall not exceed 30 days, upon a written re-quest and a showing of good cause by the Corporation. ‘‘(C) S
TATUS NOTICE .—The Corporation shall provide notice to an applicant regard-ing the status of an application submitted under paragraph (6) not later than 60 days after the date on which the application was submitted to the Corporation. ‘‘(D) R
EASONS FOR DISAPPROVAL .—If an ap- plication submitted under paragraph (6) is disapproved, the Corporation shall provide to the applicant the reasons for the disapproval not later than 30 days after a determination is made under this paragraph. ‘‘(8) A
UTHORITY OF DIRECTOR .—If the Cor-poration elects to use a credit score under this subsection, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency shall require the Corporation to periodically review the vali-dation and approval process required under paragraph (3) as the Director determines nec-essary to ensure that the process remains ap-propriate and adequate and complies with any standards and criteria established pursu-ant to section 1328(1) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992. ‘‘(9) E
XTENSION .—If, as of the effective date of this subsection, a credit score model has not been approved under paragraph (3), the Corporation may use a credit score model that was in use before the effective date of this subsection, if necessary to prevent sub-stantial market disruptions, until the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which a credit score model is validated and approved under para-graph (3); or ‘‘(B) the date that is 2 years after the effec-tive date of this subsection.’’. (c) A
UTHORITY OF THE DIRECTOR .—Subpart A of part 2 of subtitle A of the Federal Hous-ing Enterprises Financial Safety and Sound-ness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4541 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4337 May 22, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 1328. REGULATIONS FOR USE OF CREDIT SCORES. 
‘‘The Director shall— ‘‘(1) by regulation, establish standards and criteria for any process used by an enterprise to validate and approve credit scoring mod-els pursuant to section 302(b)(7) of the Fed-eral National Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1717(b)(7)) and section 305(d) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(d)); and ‘‘(2) ensure that any credit scoring model that is validated and approved by an enter-prise under section 302(b)(7) (12 U.S.C. 1717(b)(7)) of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act or section 305(d) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(d)) meets the require-ments of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of section 302(b)(7)(C) of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act and subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 305(d)(3) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act, respectively.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 311. GAO REPORT ON PUERTO RICO FORE-CLOSURES. 
Not earlier than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on foreclosures in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, including— (1) the rate of foreclosures in the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico before and after Hurri-cane Maria; (2) the rate of return for housing devel-opers in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico before and after Hurricane Maria; (3) the rate of delinquency in the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico before and after Hurri-cane Maria; (4) the rate of homeownership in the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico before and after Hurricane Maria; and (5) the rate of defaults on federally insured mortgages in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico before and after Hurricane Maria. 
SEC. 312. REPORT ON CHILDREN’S LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD PREVENTION AND ABATEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment; and (2) the term ‘‘public housing agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit to Congress a report that in-cludes— (1) an overview of existing policies and en-forcement of the Department, including pub-lic outreach, relating to lead-based paint hazard prevention and abatement; (2) recommendations and best practices for the Department, public housing agencies, and landlords for improving lead-based paint hazard prevention standards and Federal lead prevention and abatement policies to protect the environmental health and safety of children, including within housing receiv-ing assistance from or occupied by families receiving housing assistance from the De-partment; and (3) recommendations for legislation to im-prove lead-based paint hazard prevention and abatement. SEC. 313. FORECLOSURE RELIEF AND EXTENSION FOR SERVICEMEMBERS. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (3). TITLE IV—TAILORING REGULATIONS FOR CERTAIN BANK HOLDING COMPANIES 
SEC. 401. ENHANCED SUPERVISION AND PRUDEN-TIAL STANDARDS FOR CERTAIN BANK HOLDING COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165 of the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the applica-ble threshold’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
ISKS TO FINANCIAL STABILITY AND  
SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS .—The Board of Gov-ernors may by order or rule promulgated pursuant to section 553 of title 5, United States Code, apply any prudential standard established under this section to any bank holding company or bank holding companies with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $100,000,000,000 to which the pru-dential standard does not otherwise apply provided that the Board of Governors— ‘‘(i) determines that application of the pru-dential standard is appropriate— ‘‘(I) to prevent or mitigate risks to the fi-nancial stability of the United States, as de-scribed in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(II) to promote the safety and soundness of the bank holding company or bank hold-ing companies; and ‘‘(ii) takes into consideration the bank holding company’s or bank holding compa-nies’ capital structure, riskiness, com-plexity, financial activities (including finan-cial activities of subsidiaries), size, and any other risk-related factors that the Board of Governors deems appropriate.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iv), by striking ‘‘and credit exposure report’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, including credit exposure reports’’ before the semicolon at the end; (3) in subsection (d)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (4) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i)— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘2’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, adverse,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘semi-annual’’ and inserting ‘‘periodic’’; and (II) in the second sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘annual’’ and inserting ‘‘periodic’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)(ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘2’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, adverse,’’; and (6) in subsection (j)(1), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit— (1) the authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, in pre-scribing prudential standards under section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365) or any other law, to tailor or dif-ferentiate among companies on an individual basis or by category, taking into consider-ation their capital structure, riskiness, com-plexity, financial activities (including finan-cial activities of their subsidiaries), size, and any other risk-related factors that the Board of Governors deems appropriate; or (2) the supervisory, regulatory, or enforce-ment authority of an appropriate Federal banking agency to further the safe and sound operation of an institution under the super-vision of the appropriate Federal banking agency. (c) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) F
INANCIAL STABILITY ACT OF 2010 .—The Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 115(a)(2)(B) (12 U.S.C. 5325(a)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable threshold’’; (B) in section 116(a) (12 U.S.C. 5326(a)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; (C) in section 121(a) (12 U.S.C. 5331(a)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; (D) in section 155(d) (12 U.S.C. 5345(d)), by striking ‘‘50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; (E) in section 163(b) (12 U.S.C. 5363(b)), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’; and (F) in section 164 (12 U.S.C. 5364), by strik-ing ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000,000’’. (2) F
EDERAL RESERVE ACT .—The second sub-section (s) (relating to assessments) of sec-tion 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(s)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000,000’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000,000’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) T
AILORING ASSESSMENTS .—In collecting assessments, fees, or other charges under paragraph (1) from each company described in paragraph (2) with total consolidated as-sets of between $100,000,000,000 and $250,000,000,000, the Board shall adjust the amount charged to reflect any changes in su-pervisory and regulatory responsibilities re-sulting from the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act with respect to each such company.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), the amendments made by this sec-tion shall take effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act with respect to any bank holding company with total consolidated as-sets of less than $100,000,000,000. (3) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Before the ef-fective date described in paragraph (1), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may by order exempt any bank hold-ing company with total consolidated assets of less than $250,000,000,000 from any pruden-tial standard under section 165 of the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365). (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4338 May 22, 2018 
System from issuing an order or rule making under section 165(a)(2)(C) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365(a)(2)(C)), as added by this section, before the effective date described in paragraph (1). (e) S
UPERVISORY STRESS TEST.—Beginning on the effective date described in subsection (d)(1), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, on a periodic basis, conduct supervisory stress tests of bank holding companies with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $100,000,000,000 and total consolidated assets of less than $250,000,000,000 to evaluate whether such bank holding companies have the capital, on a total consolidated basis, necessary to absorb losses as a result of ad-verse economic conditions. (f) G
LOBAL SYSTEMICALLY IMPORTANT BANK H
OLDING COMPANIES .—Any bank holding company, regardless of asset size, that has been identified as a global systemically im-portant BHC under section 217.402 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be consid-ered a bank holding company with total con-solidated assets equal to or greater than $250,000,000,000 with respect to the applica-tion of standards or requirements under— (1) this section; (2) sections 116(a), 121(a), 155(d), 163(b), 164, and 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5326(a), 5331(a), 5345(d), 5363(b), 5364, 5365); and (3) paragraph (2)(A) of the second sub-section (s) (relating to assessments) of sec-tion 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(s)(2)). (g) C
LARIFICATION FOR FOREIGN BANKS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) affect the legal effect of the final rule of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System entitled ‘‘Enhanced Prudential Standards for Bank Holding Companies and Foreign Banking Organizations’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 17240 (March 27, 2014)) as applied to for-eign banking organizations with total con-solidated assets equal to or greater than $100,000,000,000; or (2) limit the authority of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System to re-quire the establishment of an intermediate holding company under, implement en-hanced prudential standards with respect to, or tailor the regulation of a foreign banking organization with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $100,000,000,000. 
SEC. 402. SUPPLEMENTARY LEVERAGE RATIO FOR CUSTODIAL BANKS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘custodial bank’’ means any depository in-stitution holding company predominantly engaged in custody, safekeeping, and asset servicing activities, including any insured depository institution subsidiary of such a holding company. (b) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘central bank’’ means— (A) the Federal Reserve System; (B) the European Central Bank; and (C) central banks of member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, if— (i) the member country has been assigned a zero percent risk weight under sections 3.32, 217.32, and 324.32 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; and (ii) the sovereign debt of such member country is not in default or has not been in default during the previous 5 years. (2) R
EGULATIONS .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall promulgate regula-tions to amend sections 3.10, 217.10, and 324.10 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, to specify that— (A) subject to subparagraph (B), funds of a custodial bank that are deposited with a cen-tral bank shall not be taken into account when calculating the supplementary lever-age ratio as applied to the custodial bank; and (B) with respect to the funds described in subparagraph (A), any amount that exceeds the total value of deposits of the custodial bank that are linked to fiduciary or custo-dial and safekeeping accounts shall be taken into account when calculating the supple-mentary leverage ratio as applied to the cus-todial bank. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to limit the authority of the appropriate Federal banking agencies to tailor or adjust the supple-mentary leverage ratio or any other leverage ratio for any company that is not a custodial bank. 
SEC. 403. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828) is amended— (1) by moving subsection (z) so that it ap-pears after subsection (y); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL  O
BLIGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘investment grade’, with re-spect to an obligation, has the meaning given the term in section 1.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto; ‘‘(B) the term ‘liquid and readily-market-able’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 249.3 of title 12, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘municipal obligation’ means an obligation of— ‘‘(i) a State or any political subdivision thereof; or ‘‘(ii) any agency or instrumentality of a State or any political subdivision thereof. ‘‘(2) M
UNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS .—For purposes of the final rule entitled ‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Stand-ards’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439 (October 10, 2014)), the final rule entitled ‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Treatment of U.S. Municipal Securi-ties as High-Quality Liquid Assets’ (81 Fed. Reg. 21223 (April 11, 2016)), and any other reg-ulation that incorporates a definition of the term ‘high-quality liquid asset’ or another substantially similar term, the appropriate Federal banking agencies shall treat a mu-nicipal obligation as a high-quality liquid asset that is a level 2B liquid asset if that obligation is, as of the date of calculation— ‘‘(A) liquid and readily-marketable; and ‘‘(B) investment grade.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO LIQUIDITY COVERAGE  R
ATIO REGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall amend the final rule entitled ‘‘Liquid-ity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measure-ment Standards’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439 (October 10, 2014)) and the final rule entitled ‘‘Liquid-ity Coverage Ratio: Treatment of U.S. Mu-nicipal Securities as High-Quality Liquid As-sets’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 21223 (April 11, 2016)) to implement the amendments made by this section. TITLE V—ENCOURAGING CAPITAL FORMATION 
SEC. 501. NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE REG-ULATORY PARITY. 
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A); (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘a security designated as qualified for trading in the national market system pursuant to section 11A(a)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78k–1(a)(2)) that is’’ before ‘‘listed’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that has listing standards that the Commission determines by rule (on its own initiative or on the basis of a peti-tion) are substantially similar to the listing standards applicable to securities described in subparagraph (A)’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or (B)’’; and (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively. SEC. 502. SEC STUDY ON ALGORITHMIC TRADING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the staff of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the risks and benefits of algo-rithmic trading in capital markets in the United States. (b) M
ATTERS REQUIRED TOBEINCLUDED .— The matters covered by the report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effect of algo-rithmic trading in equity and debt markets in the United States on the provision of li-quidity in stressed and normal market condi-tions. (2) An assessment of the benefits and risks to equity and debt markets in the United States by algorithmic trading. (3) An analysis of whether the activity of algorithmic trading and entities that engage in algorithmic trading are subject to appro-priate Federal supervision and regulation. (4) A recommendation of whether— (A) based on the analysis described in para-graphs (1), (2), and (3), any changes should be made to regulations; and (B) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion needs additional legal authorities or re-sources to effect the changes described in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 503. ANNUAL REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT- BUSINESS FORUM ON CAPITAL FOR-MATION. 
Section 503 of the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommenda-tions of the forum; and ‘‘(2) each time the forum submits a finding or recommendation to the Commission, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommenda-tion of the forum; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Com-mission intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation.’’. 
SEC. 504. SUPPORTING AMERICA’S INNOVATORS. 
Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a quali-fying venture capital fund, 250 persons)’’ after ‘‘one hundred persons’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) The term ‘qualifying venture cap-ital fund’ means a venture capital fund that has not more than $10,000,000 in aggregate capital contributions and uncalled com-mitted capital, with such dollar amount to be indexed for inflation once every 5 years by the Commission, beginning from a measure-ment made by the Commission on a date se-lected by the Commission, rounded to the nearest $1,000,000. ‘‘(ii) The term ‘venture capital fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 275.203(l)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4339 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 505. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS-SION OVERPAYMENT CREDIT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-curities and Exchange Commission; (2) the term ‘‘national securities associa-tion’’ means an association that is registered under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–3); and (3) the term ‘‘national securities ex-change’’ means an exchange that is reg-istered as a national securities exchange under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f). (b) C
REDIT FOR OVERPAYMENT OF FEES.— Notwithstanding section 31(j) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)), and subject to subsection (c) of this section, if a national securities exchange or a na-tional securities association has paid fees and assessments to the Commission in an amount that is more than the amount that the exchange or association was required to pay under section 31 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) and, not later than 10 years after the date of such payment, the exchange or association in-forms the Commission about the payment of such excess amount, the Commission shall offset future fees and assessments due by that exchange or association in an amount that is equal to the difference between the amount that the exchange or association paid and the amount that the exchange or association was required to pay under such section 31. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (b) shall apply only to fees and assessments that a na-tional securities exchange or a national se-curities association was required to pay to the Commission before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 506. U.S. TERRITORIES INVESTOR PROTEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–6(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respec-tively. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND SAFEHARBOR .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) S
AFE HARBOR .—With respect to a com-pany that is exempt under section 6(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–6(a)(1)) on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act. (3) E
XTENSION OF SAFE HARBOR .—The Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, by rule or regulation upon its own motion, or by order upon application, may conditionally or un-conditionally, under section 6(c) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 6(c)), further delay the effective date for a company described in paragraph (2) for a maximum of 3 years following the initial 3- year period if, before the end of the initial 3- year period, the Commission determines that such a rule, regulation, motion, or order is necessary or appropriate in the public inter-est and for the protection of investors. 
SEC. 507. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.701(e) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, so as to increase from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during any con-secutive 12-month period in excess of which the issuer is required under such section to deliver an additional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. SEC. 508. IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAPITAL. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission shall amend— (1) section 230.251 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove the requirement that the issuer not be subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) immediately before the offering; and (2) section 230.257 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, with respect to an offering described in section 230.251(a)(2) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to deem any issuer that is subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as hav-ing met the periodic and current reporting requirements of section 230.257 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, if such issuer meets the reporting requirements of section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
SEC. 509. PARITY FOR CLOSED-END COMPANIES REGARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) R EVISION TO RULES .—Not later than the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose and, not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Securities and Ex-change Commission shall finalize any rules, as appropriate, to allow any closed-end com-pany, as defined in section 5(a)(2) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 5), that is registered as an investment com-pany under such Act, and is listed on a na-tional securities exchange or that makes periodic repurchase offers pursuant to sec-tion 270.23c–3 of title 17, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, to use the securities offering and proxy rules, subject to conditions the Com-mission determines appropriate, that are available to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)). Any action that the Commission takes pursuant to this sub-section shall consider the availability of in-formation to investors, including what dis-closures constitute adequate information to be designated as a ‘‘well-known seasoned issuer’’. (b) T
REATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOM-
PLETED IN A TIMELY MANNER .—If the Com-mission fails to complete the revisions re-quired by subsection (a) by the time required by such subsection, any registered closed-end company that is listed on a national securi-ties exchange or that makes periodic repur-chase offers pursuant to section 270.23c–3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an eligible issuer under the final rule of the Commission titled ‘‘Securi-ties Offering Reform’’ (70 Fed. Reg. 44722; published August 3, 2005). (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) N
O EFFECT ON RULE 482 .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this sec-tion shall be construed to impair or limit in any way a registered closed-end company from using section 230.482 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to distribute sales ma-terial. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this sec-tion to a section of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or to any form or schedule means such rule, section, form, or schedule, or any successor to any such rule, section, form, or schedule. TITLE VI—PROTECTIONS FOR STUDENT BORROWERS SEC. 601. PROTECTIONS IN THE EVENT OF DEATH OR BANKRUPTCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 140 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (8) as paragraphs (2) through (9), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) the term ‘cosigner’— ‘‘(A) means any individual who is liable for the obligation of another without compensa-tion, regardless of how designated in the con-tract or instrument with respect to that ob-ligation, other than an obligation under a private education loan extended to consoli-date a consumer’s pre-existing private edu-cation loans; ‘‘(B) includes any person the signature of which is requested as condition to grant credit or to forbear on collection; and ‘‘(C) does not include a spouse of an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A), the sig-nature of whom is needed to perfect the secu-rity interest in a loan.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL PROTECTIONS RELATING TO  B
ORROWER OR COSIGNER OF A PRIVATE EDU-
CATION LOAN.— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITION ON AUTOMATIC DEFAULT IN  
CASE OF DEATH OR BANKRUPTCY OF NON -STU-
DENT OBLIGOR .—With respect to a private education loan involving a student obligor and 1 or more cosigners, the creditor shall not declare a default or accelerate the debt against the student obligor on the sole basis of a bankruptcy or death of a cosigner. ‘‘(2) C
OSIGNER RELEASE IN CASE OF DEATH OF  
BORROWER .— ‘‘(A) R
ELEASE OF COSIGNER .—The holder of a private education loan, when notified of the death of a student obligor, shall release within a reasonable timeframe any cosigner from the obligations of the cosigner under the private education loan. ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION OF RELEASE .—A holder or servicer of a private education loan, as ap-plicable, shall within a reasonable time- frame notify any cosigners for the private education loan if a cosigner is released from the obligations of the cosigner for the pri-vate education loan under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL TO ACT ON  
BEHALF OF THE BORROWER .—Any lender that extends a private education loan shall pro-vide the student obligor an option to des-ignate an individual to have the legal au-thority to act on behalf of the student obli-gor with respect to the private education loan in the event of the death of the student obligor.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall only apply to private education loan agreements entered into on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 602. REHABILITATION OF PRIVATE EDU-CATION LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s– 2(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) R
EHABILITATION OF PRIVATE EDUCATION  
LOANS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a consumer may request a financial institution to re-move from a consumer report a reported de-fault regarding a private education loan, and such information shall not be considered in-accurate, if— ‘‘(I) the financial institution chooses to offer a loan rehabilitation program which in-cludes, without limitation, a requirement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4340 May 22, 2018 
the consumer to make consecutive on-time monthly payments in a number that dem-onstrates, in the assessment of the financial institution offering the loan rehabilitation program, a renewed ability and willingness to repay the loan; and ‘‘(II) the requirements of the loan rehabili-tation program described in subclause (I) are successfully met. ‘‘(ii) B
ANKING AGENCIES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—If a financial institution is supervised by a Federal banking agency, the financial institution shall seek written approval concerning the terms and condi-tions of the loan rehabilitation program de-scribed in clause (i) from the appropriate Federal banking agency. ‘‘(II) F
EEDBACK .—An appropriate Federal banking agency shall provide feedback to a financial institution within 120 days of a re-quest for approval under subclause (I). ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A consumer may obtain the benefits available under this subsection with respect to rehabilitating a loan only 1 time per loan. ‘‘(II) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subparagraph may be construed to re-quire a financial institution to offer a loan rehabilitation program or to remove any re-ported default from a consumer report as a consideration of a loan rehabilitation pro-gram, except as described in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agency’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and ‘‘(II) the term ‘private education loan’ has the meaning given the term in section 140(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. (b) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study, in con-sultation with the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies, regarding— (A) the implementation of subparagraph (E) of section 623(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(a)(1)) (referred to in this paragraph as ‘‘the provision’’), as added by subsection (a); (B) the estimated operational, compliance, and reporting costs associated with the re-quirements of the provision; (C) the effects of the requirements of the provision on the accuracy of credit report-ing; (D) the risks to safety and soundness, if any, created by the loan rehabilitation pro-grams described in the provision; and (E) a review of the effectiveness and im-pact on the credit of participants in any loan rehabilitation programs described in the pro-vision and whether such programs improved the ability of participants in the programs to access credit products. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that contains all findings and determinations made in con-ducting the study required under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 603. BEST PRACTICES FOR HIGHER EDU-CATION FINANCIAL LITERACY. 
Section 514(a) of the Financial Literacy and Education Improvement Act (20 U.S.C. 9703(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) B
EST PRACTICES FOR TEACHING FINAN -
CIAL LITERACY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After soliciting public comments and consulting with and receiving input from relevant parties, including a di-verse set of institutions of higher education and other parties, the Commission shall, by not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, estab-lish best practices for institutions of higher education regarding methods to— ‘‘(i) teach financial literacy skills; and ‘‘(ii) provide useful and necessary informa-tion to assist students at institutions of higher education when making financial de-cisions related to student borrowing. ‘‘(B) BEST PRACTICES .—The best practices described in subparagraph (A) shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Methods to ensure that each student has a clear sense of the student’s total bor-rowing obligations, including monthly pay-ments, and repayment options. ‘‘(ii) The most effective ways to engage students in financial literacy education, in-cluding frequency and timing of communica-tion with students. ‘‘(iii) Information on how to target dif-ferent student populations, including part- time students, first-time students, and other nontraditional students. ‘‘(iv) Ways to clearly communicate the im-portance of graduating on a student’s ability to repay student loans. ‘‘(C) M
AINTENANCE OF BEST PRACTICES .— The Commission shall maintain and periodi-cally update the best practices information required under this paragraph and make the best practices available to the public. ‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require an institution of higher education to adopt the best practices required under this para-graph.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, far too many people in our country have strug-gled to make ends meet. They have struggled to buy a car. They have struggled to buy a home. They have struggled—they have struggled for their version of the American Dream. I hear from these people frequently, Mr. Speaker. I hear from Colton in Terrell, Texas, who said that he and his wife have been unable to get a mort-gage due to credit and that they were 25, 30 years old and they had good cred-it but they were getting denied. They needed a home to provide a sense of stability, but they couldn’t get it due to Washington’s bureaucratic regula-tions. Mr. Speaker, I heard from Dirk in Dallas. He said he used to have a $100,000 line of credit from his bank. He had an unsecured signature line of credit that he used for working capital for his small business. He often paid it down to zero, and cash flow was ample, but then the bank canceled it because of the bureaucratic government burden on the banking system. I heard from Sherry in Eustace, who said: After a divorce 4 years ago, I needed to buy a car because my car was over 10 years old. I had a checking account in my name at my credit union, but they didn’t loan me money for the car. 
b1400 Mr. Speaker, we hear these stories far too often. The Main Street banks and credit unions that these people de-pend on have been suffering for years under the weight, the load, the volume, the complexity, and the cost of heavy Washington bureaucratic red tape. They haven’t been able to serve these people to help get them into homes and to help get them into cars. As one west Texas banker told me, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘My major risks are not credit risks, risk of theft, or risk of some robber coming in with a gun in my office, my number one risk is regu-latory risk.’’ We have been losing a community bank or credit union every other day in America and, with it, the hopes and dreams of millions. But today, that changes. Help is on the way with the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, this is the most pro- growth banking bill in a generation. You would have to go back to 1999 to Gramm-Leach-Bliley. Although we didn’t have a formal conference with the Senate, I am proud that over half of the bills in this package, including three-quarters of the regulatory relief provisions, came from the House. These are the provisions to help hardworking, struggling taxpayers get into home mortgages, get into car loans, and get into their small businesses. This is what will help drive 3 percent eco-nomic growth, which is the birthright of all Americans. Today is an important day in the his-tory of economic opportunity in Amer-ica, and I encourage all of us to support the Economic Growth, Regulatory Re-lief, and Consumer Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I get into the re-marks that I prepared, I think I had better share this information with my colleagues. The FDIC released its quar-terly banking profile today for the first quarter of 2018, and reported that banks made more money than they ever have. $56 billion in profits in a sin-gle quarter represents a 27.5 percent surge compared to 2017. Some of these profits came from that so-called tax bill that we passed, which we know was the Republican tax scam law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.019 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4341 May 22, 2018 
Democrats passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act to prevent another finan-cial crisis and protect consumers, in-vestors, and our economy. The 2008 fi-nancial crisis resulted in 9 million peo-ple losing their jobs, 11 million people losing their homes to foreclosure, and the loss of $13 trillion in wealth. It was an economic catastrophe that must never be repeated. Now my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are deter-mined to help this President dismantle reforms that are designed to protect us from that kind of devastation to com-munities. Republicans are trying to pass this bill off as an effort solely designed to benefit small community banks. But the truth is, the bill is packed with poi-sonous provisions that benefit the megabanks like Wells Fargo and com-panies like Equifax. It also weakens critical mortgage protections to ensure borrowers can afford their loans, and prevent discrimination and fraud. One of the most harmful elements of this bill is its weakening of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, referred to as HMDA, which is a key tool to detect and prevent discriminatory practices in the mortgage market. S. 2155 would allow 85 percent of depository institu-tions to avoid ever having to report new HMDA data required by Dodd- Frank, even though they are already collecting the data, badly undermining efforts to ensure fair lending. But that is not all. This bill guts many of the protections Democrats put in place to reduce the risk of bank fail-ures and bailouts and ensure that bank failures don’t bring down the economy. It weakens stress tests and capital re-quirements for big banks, and under-mines supervision of large foreign banks like Deutsche Bank. There is more. Despite Equifax’s carelessness in exposing the personal data of 148 million Americans, S. 2155 rewards Equifax and the other two na-tional credit bureaus by funneling more business their way. It also takes away Active Duty servicemembers’ rights to sue the credit bureaus, even if the bureaus fail to provide required free credit monitoring, or notify them of scams involving their personal infor-mation. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the many ways the bill would be harm-ful. Republicans have stacked the bill with provisions that have nothing to do with benefiting hardworking Ameri-cans and everything to do with helping out Wall Street. Donald Trump and the Republicans already gave a huge gift to big corpora-tions with the tax scam, which came at the expense of hardworking Americans. Now they are pushing this rotten give-away to Wall Street and big banks that harms consumers and increases the risk of another financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to op-pose this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER ), the leading voice in Congress on trying to bring rationality to the SIFI designation and accountability to the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the chairman of the Sub-committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his commitment to regulatory relief. We wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for his diligence and for the hard work of all of the great folks of the Financial Services Committee, on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the fi-nancial crisis the American people needed regulatory relief that would lift the economy. Instead, Congress re-sponded with a framework that in-creased the cost of financial products, restricted access to loans, and redis-tributed credit from the middle-income borrowers to the high-income bor-rowers. Today, too many consumers are left struggling to get the tools they need to achieve financial independence. S. 2155 is a big step in the right direc-tion. The majority of the provisions in-cluded in the bill come from bipartisan House-passed measures, several of which were included in my CLEARR Act. Despite what rhetoric we might hear today, American borrowers are going to benefit from the relief that ex-tends from this bill. However, the conversation cannot end with S. 2155. While the provisions in this legislation are granting impor-tant relief, there is so much more to be done. The Financial Services Com-mittee has marked up more than 100 bills this Congress, many of which have the support of the ranking member and deserve to be considered by our col-leagues in the Senate. We have to continue to rightsize reg-ulation so that it is based not just on size or a single arbitrary factor, but on thoughtful analysis of an institution’s business model and risk profile. Mr. Speaker, arbitrary figures don’t nec-essarily guarantee a financial system. Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, the chairman for his diligent work on this fine bill, and ask my colleagues to sup-port S. 2155. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me repeat: The FDIC released its quarterly banking profile today for the first quarter of 2018, and reported that banks made more money than they ever have. I have to say this over and over again: $56 billion in prof-its in a single quarter represents a 27.5 percent surge compared to 2017. Some of these profits came from the tax scam bill that was passed. These banks are just greedy. They will never get enough. They want to do away with Dodd-Frank because Dodd- Frank is protecting consumers from their fraud. Look how much money they are making. All they will tell you is this is all about community banks. But let me just tell you that commu-nity banks, credit unions, and the economy are doing great with Dodd- Frank reforms in place. The banking industry keeps making record profits, an average of $167 billion in annual profits in the last 3 years. Banks have increased lending to businesses by 80 percent since 2010. Community banks are outperforming larger banks in in-creased lending. Credit unions are growing and have increased lending by more than 10 percent in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017. Mr. Speaker, what more do they want? How much more money do they want from consumers? What is it they would have us do? What is it they would have us get rid of in Dodd-Frank that is protecting the average con-sumer, everyday working people? What would they have us do so that they can make more money? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the lead voice in the House for capital formation for our start-ups and small businesses, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, like in Michigan, like so many other places around the country, in 2008, we saw a massive economic downturn where peo-ple lost their jobs, lost their savings, and some even lost their homes. The Obama administration and their allies in Congress put forward a very flawed solution, which was called Dodd-Frank, which led to the slowest, weakest re-covery in modern history. The Amer-ican people were sold a bill of goods. Now what Congress is trying to do is get at the root cause. That is not what they had done before. They had denied hardworking families the economic re-covery that they deserve. Economic growth stalled as access to basic finan-cial services became less and less avail-able to small businesses and lower in-come Americans. And America’s small and medium-sized community financial institutions were saddled with a crush-ing regulatory burden. We are changing that in this bipartisan bill. Instead of ending too-big-to-fail, this regulatory monstrosity, called Dodd- Frank, enshrined too-small-to-succeed. On average, we are losing a community financial institution a day because of the extensive burdens placed on them by this one-size-fits-all regulatory structure. These crushing regulations have made it more difficult for consumers to access credit to buy a car, realize homeownership, save for retirement, plan for their kids to go to college, climb the ladder of opportunity, and grow their small businesses, which are critical to growing our economy. Today’s bill, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Pro-tection Act, begins to provide relief to consumers and small businesses on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.047 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4342 May 22, 2018 
Main Street. This bipartisan bill is combined with the momentum created by the tax reform bill that we had done previously. This bipartisan bill will continue to unleash American innova-tion, jobs, and capital, while sup-porting economic growth. Now, you may have just heard that this is a Republican plan only. Wrong. Sixty-seven votes in the Senate, in-cluding my two Democrat Senators from Michigan, voted for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote in favor of this historic pro-growth bill, which we haven’t seen in almost a generation, not since Gramm-Leach-Bliley. I appreciate all of the work that has been put into this bill in a bipartisan manner, and I look forward to supporting it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, some of the Senators are saying they wish that they had never voted for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), a senior member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. There are some good things in this bill. I wanted to work with all of you to enshrine the good things and get rid of the bad things. We all did. We all of-fered it for years because Dodd-Frank is a good law, but it needs amending. We all agree. The limits are on it. We all have admitted that we just kind of picked them at the time. We were in a hurry, in a rush. But the amnesia around this place, I guess, is endemic. Maybe it is hard for you today to look people in the eye and say: Gee, maybe you can’t afford that loan. But, for me, the hardest thing was looking people in the eye and saying: I am sorry you are losing your home. I am sorry you are losing your job. I am sorry your kids can’t go to college be-cause the economy just collapsed. The numbers are the numbers. But didn’t you get those phone calls? Didn’t you hear from any of your con-stituents? And what was your answer? Oh, the regulatory system is terrible. You didn’t answer that. You tried to help, and you couldn’t because the economy had gone down the toilet. If this bill passes, which it will—I know you wouldn’t come to the floor unless you had the votes. I know that. I can count. When people ask you the next time we have an economic col-lapse, when they ask you what hap-pened, here is the only answer you are going to be able to give them: I voted for this bill today. b1415 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, the de-tails of this bill, getting rid of HMDA requirements, do you not care about discrimination? Do you not recognize that it is real and that it exists? But, apparently, you don’t care. Do you not care that your constitu-ents had their information sold out from under them and then not pro-tected? But now you are going to give free credit monitoring only for people in the military—not for your mother, not for your sister, not for your stu-dent children, just for the military. The bill has some good provisions in it. I am happy to work with you on some of these. This bill goes too far, and you are re-sponsible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are again reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and the author of the Family Self-Sufficiency provision in S. 2155. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for all of his work on Dodd-Frank reform. I think it is important that we look back. When Dodd-Frank passed, it was passed with a blindfold over our eyes, because the studies weren’t even done about what the root cause of the crisis even was. Democrats opened up their files and poured every bill they had dreamed of for 20 years into Dodd- Frank. And what did it do to my constitu-ents, my small banks and credit unions? It made them shut their doors or made them consolidate with a bigger bank. So, now, Spooner, Wisconsin, the decisions of the bank might not be made in Spooner, but they might be made in Milwaukee or Chicago or Min-neapolis. I hear my friends talk about banks doing so well right now. Yes, because there are people who want to borrow money, and the economy is doing so well, that borrowers can pay back lend-ers so they make a little bit of money. I think what is pretty evident in this conversation is some of my friends would prefer that we have socialized banking like socialized healthcare. Let the government, let the Democrats across the aisle run banking in Amer-ica. If you are confused about this debate and whether this is a good or bad bill, just do one thing: look at where the small community banks are, look at where the credit unions are. They are clamoring for this bill, they are beg-ging for this bill, because they can’t comply with Dodd-Frank, the rules and regulations. It is putting them out of business. Small credit unions that care about their customers say ‘‘yes’’ to this bill. I hope, too, so do my Democratic friends. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to S. 2155, which strips back and weakens many of the regulatory tools and safeguards we enacted in Dodd- Frank. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker: this bill will make our financial system more vulnerable to a financial crisis. The bill undermines important safety and soundness protections like stress tests and capital requirements, key re-forms that Democrats put in place fol-lowing the financial crisis that prevent the risk of bank bailouts and protect our economy and taxpayers. The bill also weakens critical con-sumer protections like Dodd-Frank’s enhanced HMDA data monitoring and reporting requirements. Under this bill, 85 percent of depository institu-tions are excused from these important requirements. While many financial institutions say that these reporting requirements are too onerous and too difficult to comply with, S. 2155 will make it hard-er to determine if lenders are serving the credit needs of minority borrowers and to identify harmful and discrimi-natory lending patterns. Instead of eliminating important tools like HMDA, we should be finding ways to eliminate discrimination in lending. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, as ranking member of the House Small Business Committee, I support tar-geted reforms that provide relief for community banks and local credit unions, but this bill does none of that. It is a solution in search of a problem that harms consumers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this dangerous bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), the vice chairman of the committee and the Chief Deputy Whip of the ma-jority and author of two provisions of S. 2155 to promote capital formation and hold credit bureaus fully account-able. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for making this day pos-sible. Without the architecture of the work that the House Financial Serv-ices Committee did, the Senate wouldn’t be able to come to terms with this major change to Dodd-Frank. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my Democratic colleagues for partici-pating in these bipartisan negotiations that made this day possible. The long, dark shadow of the finan-cial crisis is over, and policymakers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.048 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4343 May 22, 2018 
are now shifting to the much-needed reforms we need in our banking sys-tem. We know that we have fewer commu-nity banks now than we did before the financial crisis, we have fewer commu-nity banks now than we did 5 years ago, and our communities are more starved for capital now than ever be-fore, especially with the economy changing and economic growth now coming back to communities across this country. Now, today, Congress is coming to terms with a bipartisan bill, a bipar-tisan approach to make our banking system more inclusive and more acces-sible for everyday Americans. I am proud my provision that I au-thored, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, is included, which helps small businesses get the invest-ments they need to grow and prosper. Those communities have not been tra-ditionally focused upon by investors. I am also proud that this bill allows community banks to get into the busi-ness of lending to their community, getting back into the business of mort-gage lending in their communities. And I am proud that this bill will allow con-sumers to freeze their credit reports in the event that there is a data breach or identity theft. These are bipartisan pieces of this very important package. It is high time Congress gets on with it and passes this bill. I look forward to the outcome of today’s vote, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am amazed at what I am hearing today, because I was there, and I un-derstand that at the time we entered the financial crisis, the banks were not lending to each other. There are many aspects of this to focus on, but today I will simply focus on the $163 billion that the banks made last year. A better name for this bill would be ‘‘Too Much Is Not Enough.’’ $163 billion, but that is not enough. The banks would have us now elimi-nate the Volcker rule, which prevents the banks from using the money on the consumer side, taking that money and moving it over to the investment side, and go to Wall Street and gamble. If they win, they keep the profits; if they lose, they can socialize the losses. This bill is not a bill that benefits consumers. It is a Big Bank bonanza. Too much is not enough, and too much is too much for me. I will vote against it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ), the former chairman of the House Agriculture Committee and a senior member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, it has been 10 long years since I was a conferee on Dodd-Frank. Since then, I have seen credit markets in my district and across the country dry up, thanks to the increased regulations. That is why I am so happy to be speaking on a bill today that will roll back some of those burdens. As I have said over the last decade, Dodd-Frank was not written on the back of the stone tablets. Dodd-Frank will be addressed in this bill, S. 2155. S. 2155 is but the first step in making that perception a reality. It is the first step in bringing financial markets back to true efficiency and capacity. And, yes, I mean a first step. There are many more things this Congress could and should do to bring more relief to small community institutions across the country. Every year, small financial institu-tions in Oklahoma have made the trek here to ask me for relief, any relief. For the first time, I can give them positive news, which is, thanks to this bill, sure, there is more to be done, of course, but things in this bill like changes to stress testing, risk manage-ment protocols, required data disclo-sure, among other things, will help those who rely on small banks and credit unions for their financial needs. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HEN-
SARLING for this opportunity to vote on this bill today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I commend her for her extraordinary leadership in protecting the American consumer, the American taxpayer, our American financial systems. She has been just a remarkable, wonderful leader. Mr. Speaker, I thank our distin-guished Whip for yielding so that I could stay on schedule and for his great leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, and I do so on behalf of the hardworking American people. It is a bad bill under the guise of helping com-munity banks. It rolls back key safeguards for American consumers, it opens the door to lending discrimination, and it poten-tially threatens the stability of our fi-nancial system and our economy. The bill would take us back to the days when unchecked recklessness on Wall Street ignited a historic financial meltdown. Wall Street gambled with the livelihood of consumers, and then it was the middle class that lost its shirt. I just want to share with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle why I have serious concerns about what is happening on the floor today. It is yet again another weakening of Dodd- Frank. Here is what I want to call to your mind, because you may not remember this or you may not have been fully aware of it, but you should know it. On the night of September 18, 2008, I called the Secretary of the Treasury and said: What is happening, that we have had in the past couple of weeks Lehman, Merrill Lynch, and then in that 24-hour period, AIG? I said: Can you come to the Capitol to explain to-morrow morning what is happening so that we can help restore confidence to the markets and not say anything that would do anything less than that? He said: Madam Speaker—I was Speaker at the time—tomorrow morn-ing will be too late. Tomorrow morning will be too late. Why am I calling you? So, in any event, the Secretary of the Treasury came to the Capitol for an emergency meeting. It was a bipartisan meeting, House and Senate, to inform us that a meltdown was imminent. What he described to us that night was so stunning, he took us down to the gates of hell, to a place so deep that even Dante would not have had a name for that circle in hell, because it was so stunning in terms of what was happening, the meltdown that was hap-pening to our financial institutions. When I asked the Fed Chairman, who was also at the meeting, Ben Bernanke, what he thought, he said, ‘‘If we do not act immediately, we will not have an economy by Monday.’’ ‘‘An economy by Monday.’’ We thought it might be one or the other fi-nancial institutions. ‘‘We will not have an economy by Monday.’’ To stop the meltdown, the Bush ad-ministration requested and Congress immediately passed emergency fund-ing, the TARP bill. You may be famil-iar with it. To prevent this from ever happening again, we passed Dodd-Frank, the most extensive banking and financial re-forms in decades and the strongest set of consumer financial protections in history. b1430 And since the Republicans have taken the majority in the Congress and now in the White House, there has been a series of weakenings of Dodd-Frank. So you cannot just view this bill as this bill today, bad enough as it is, worthy of a ‘‘no,’’ unworthy of support, but to see it in light of a series of weakenings of Dodd-Frank. The bill dismantles key safeguards that are critical in combating racial discrimination in lending, despite over-whelming evidence that people of color are routinely discriminated against by financial institutions. All year, the GOP has opened the door to discrimi-nation in our financial system. This is just another discriminatory piece of legislation. They pushed a CRA to roll back pro-tections against discrimination in auto lending. They voted to repeal an execu-tive order requiring Federal contrac-tors to comply with basic non-discrimination laws. Big banks are also using the guise of protecting commu-nity banks to help out the largest banks on Wall Street. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.051 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4344 May 22, 2018 
The bill exempts 26 of the largest banks from the Dodd-Frank Act’s heightened oversight. Since 2007, these same banks have been sued or cited by the regulators nearly 200 times and paid settlements of $40 billion, some of which they can deduct from their taxes. Republicans are also using relief for community banks as a way of under-mining the Volcker rule, threatening the stability of the financial system and the entire economy. Republicans’ willingness to abandon vulnerable Americans and jeopardize our entire financial system to further enrich wealthy Wall Street banks is as-tounding. Today, the FDIC reported that banks, helped by a massive tax cut, earned record profits in the first quarter of this year, as they have over the past 3 years as well. Time after time, Republicans put Wall Street and the rich first and fami-lies last. The American people deserve a Congress that looks out for them, not one that sells out and leaves them high and dry. This is a raw deal for the American people. Americans deserve a better deal, better jobs, better wages, and bet-ter futures. Democrats are fighting to put that economic power back. Who has the leverage? Put the lever-age back in the hands of America’s great middle class, America’s working families. So just remember what they were willing to do leading up to 2008. They have forgotten, or maybe they don’t care, but they want to take us right back down that path one piece of legis-lation at a time. If I know Mr. H
ENSARLING , there is probably more to come, because I un-derstand he doesn’t think this bill goes far enough in the wrong direction, and he probably wants more. But whatever that is, today is the judgment we have to make about this bill that our commitment—and by the way, some of the things they want to roll back are very harmful to our vet-erans as well, and they wanted me to be sure to make that point with you, in addition to all of the other concerns. It is a threat to our financial system: $250 billion, I think that number is too large; the exploitation of the custody banks that some of the banks already told me they were going to try to pass themselves off as; the discrimination in lending that is in the bill; the lack of revealing the information, which is so central to knowing what the facts are. Mr. Speaker, for these and so many other reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), who is the chair of our Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, since returning to a Republican majority 8 years ago, the Financial Services Com-mittee has set out to introduce and pass progrowth legislation that lessens the burdens unfairly put on community banks and credit unions and the cus-tomers they serve. Today’s bill will allow for these insti-tutions to do what they do best: focus on their communities. Mr. Speaker, this is something to celebrate. Under the leadership of Chairman HENSARLING , our committee has con-tinuously made the case that the former administration’s efforts were not only misguided, but made basic fi-nancial services less accessible to small businesses and low- and middle- income Americans. With passage of today’s bill, that changes. American families’ and busi-nesses’ access to credit will improve. This is credit they can and will use to buy a new car, achieve the dream of homeownership, expand their busi-nesses, and, most importantly, create jobs. It is my sincere hope that we con-tinue the momentum of today’s vote and work with our Senate counterparts to roll back Washington red tape to further our Nation’s economic growth and to continue to give hardworking Americans better access to affordable financial products. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this much-needed bipartisan legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip. (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am con-strained to say that the gentlewoman mentioned the progrowth administra-tion. We had some 98 months of growth following the worst recession she and I have experienced in our lifetimes under the policies of the Bush administra-tion. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the worst financial collapse since the Great Depression, the Congress enacted, over the opposition of our friends in the Re-publican Party, mostly, the Dodd- Frank reforms to safeguard our econ-omy and safeguard consumers. When we passed Dodd-Frank in 2010, no one believed it was perfect. No legis-lation is ever perfect. There is nothing wrong with evaluating Dodd-Frank 8 years after it was enacted to determine what is working well and where we might improve. Many Democrats, myself included, support providing regulatory relief to community banks, and we ought to do that in a bipartisan fashion—not just a few bipartisan participants, but in a bi-partisan fashion. I have talked to the ranking member. She has indicated that that is some-thing that she supports as well. How-ever, the bill on the floor today goes much further and would weaken the rules that Dodd-Frank put in place. It would undermine the regulatory framework for all banks. This would roll back parts of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, stress tests for large banks, and bank capital requirements. It would also, as has been noted, raise the threshold for the automatic designation of systemically important financial institutions from $50 billion to $250 billion. The changes that are proposed risk making our Nation’s financial system vulnerable to another crisis that would require yet another taxpayer bailout. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Mary-land. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, because of that and because I would like to see a truly bipartisan bill supported over-whelmingly on both sides of the aisle to make sure that our community banks are not impacted in a way that was never intended nor should it be in-tended by the Congress, I therefore urge opposition to this particular piece of legislation, and I thank Ranking Member WATERS for her hard work in making its consequences clear. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chairman of our Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade and the author of two provi-sions on access to manufactured hous-ing and portfolio lending in S. 2155. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan legislation incorporating 29 bills originated and passed in this House to ease the regu-latory burden on community financial institutions and their customers. This is the most progrowth financial legisla-tion in a generation, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. The 2010 financial control law, com-monly known as Dodd-Frank, was sup-posed to protect consumers. Instead, this 2,300-page monstrosity unleashed an avalanche of huge new compliance costs on community financial institu-tions that had absolutely nothing to do with the financial crisis. This hurt con-sumers by forcing small banks and credit unions to cut back on the prod-ucts and services they serve their cus-tomers with. Critics who say this is about Wall Street are wrong. This is not about Wall Street. This is about community banks, community banks in eastern Kentucky who told me that they used to make a business judgment about the creditworthiness of a farmer and now the government, a bureaucrat, decides whether or not that farmer gets a loan. One prominent example of this is the ability-to-repay rule, which made it needlessly difficult for lenders to origi-nate mortgages for creditworthy bor-rowers. The Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, which I have worked on since I entered Congress, is included in today’s package of reforms and would expand access to mortgage credit by extending the qualified mortgage safe harbor to small creditors who hold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.053 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4345 May 22, 2018 
their residential mortgage loans in portfolio rather than selling or securitizing them, allowing those lend-ers to satisfy the rule. This marks a re-turn to relationship banking, where lenders can tailor products to meet the specific needs of customers without running afoul of government one-size- fits-all requirements. The result is ex-panded access to mortgage credit with-out additional risk to the financial sys-tem or the taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING and Chairman C RAPO  for including this bill in the final legis-lation, and I want to thank the Ken-tucky Bankers Association, the Ken-tucky Credit Union League, and their customers for advocating and endors-ing this solution. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to finally unclog the plumbing of our economy and give Americans full access to the financial system. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON), the senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, in just about an hour or so, Congress will vote to roll back some of the rules for the biggest banks in the country. Think about that for a minute. Just 10 years after the big banks crashed the economy, Senate Republicans and some Democrats want to roll back the rules that were put in place to prevent the next crash. Some of my colleagues may have for-gotten about the bad, bad days of that crash in 2008, but I sure have not. Mil-lions of people lost their homes. In fact, 1 in 54 homes was in foreclosure. $2.6 trillion, with a T, vanished from people’s retirement accounts. Think about that for a moment. Why on Earth would we go back there? And let me remind everyone here: Be-fore this crash, we heard all this talk about progrowth. Before the big crash, they said we want to allow commercial banks and investment banks and insur-ance companies just to all conglom-erate together. We want to allow banks to use the money of their depositors to make gambling decisions on Wall Street. We are going to sell people no- doc, low-doc loans, and we are going to let the seller get a yield spread pre-mium for steering people to high-cost loans; and we are going to let them securitize all of it, and if they lose their money, it is okay because we are going to let them buy credit default swaps, which is insurance, so that the American people lose but the big banks and the insurance companies never do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Min-nesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, all this progrowth talk is a movie that we have seen before. Remember Alan Greenspan telling all us: Let them do what they want to do. It doesn’t matter. You can’t interfere with the market. The market has all the answers. We found out who had the answers when it came to bailing out Wall Street. It was the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to not vote for this because it will be the American people who pay, not to men-tion people who live in manufactured homes who are going to be allowed to be charged more for their home choices, and it will open the door to ra-cial discrimination which has been proved time and time again. This bill is bad. Vote ‘‘no.’’ b1445 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the commit-tee’s majority whip and the author of the amendment dealing with the Volcker rule. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the full committee for having us on the floor today to talk about S. 2155. I have heard all of this cold water from the opposition today, but this is the definition of bipartisanship. Sixty- seven votes in the Senate, in this envi-ronment, in this town, is bipartisan. So many of our bills emanated here in the House with strong bipartisan support. As a former local chamber of com-merce chairman and a local commu-nity banker, I have seen firsthand, Mr. Speaker, the negative effects of the Dodd-Frank Act since it was passed in 2010. I know we have had 140 hearings on how to make sense of improving Dodd- Frank, to rightsize the regulatory sys-tem for small financial institutions, al-lowing our community banks and cred-it unions to actually serve our small businesses and our consumers. Rather than spending too much time on compliance, these institutions can redirect resources toward what they do best: approving loans, mortgages, and providing credit to small business. This bill has widespread support. You would never know it, listening to the opposition, but it has widespread sup-port on a bicameral, bipartisan basis in this building. One particular provision, led by my friend Mr. B
ARR from Kentucky, I know will help hundreds of Arkansans, hardworking families who need access to credit for manufactured housing in the rural parts of our State. This bill will help people get housing, thanks to the work of the Senate and the House. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote in favor of S. 2155. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Invest-ment of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to S. 2155. It is important to remember why we passed Dodd-Frank in the first place. We were suffering from the worst fi-nancial downturn in our country. This country suffered $15 trillion in house-hold wealth that was lost. Eight mil-lion people lost their jobs and 6 million people lost their homes due to unfair and deceptive banking practices. Dodd-Frank put in place protections for consumers. Prior to the crisis, predatory lenders saddled unsuspecting borrowers with toxic mortgages that they didn’t un-derstand and could not afford. Too often, these predatory lenders targeted communities of color, and when these toxic mortgages blew up, it devastated these communities. In response, we passed Dodd-Frank, which imposed tough new rules on mortgage lenders and beefed up our ef-forts to crack down on lending dis-crimination. This bill would actually roll back some of these important protections. The bill would undermine fair lending laws by exempting the majority of lenders from the new reporting require-ments on lending discrimination. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. The bill would also weaken the protections for mobile-home buyers by allowing retailers of mobile homes to accept kickbacks in exchange for steer-ing borrowers into predatory loans that they can’t afford. It is a terrible practice that Dodd-Frank outlawed. The list goes on and on and on. While the bill does contain some pro-visions that every House Democrat has supported, taken together, the bill goes too far in weakening the key mortgage rules that Dodd-Frank put in place. So I urge my colleagues to come together in a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I now am very pleased to yield 11⁄2min-utes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the author of two dif-ferent provisions in S. 2155 to give more flexibility to private companies and small banks with respect to their call reports. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING . Without his incredible commitment and effort, we would not be here today. I am convinced of that. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the very bipartisan S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Re-lief, and Consumer Protection Act. I was not here when the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, but I have been interested in addressing some of these damaging effects since first run-ning for office, and it was a big reason why I ran for Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.054 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4346 May 22, 2018 
This legislation is a historic oppor-tunity to tailor financial regulations in order to maximize economic growth in Illinois and across the country. We need to make sure that our community banks and credit unions are able to meet the needs of families and neigh-borhood businesses. I am especially happy to see a num-ber of provisions that I had the privi-lege of authoring with my colleagues in the House make their way into this package of bills. They were also very bipartisan bills. The Community Bank Reporting Re-lief Act simplifies the call report so that smaller institutions can better focus on serving their customers. The Encouraging Employee Ownership Act makes it easier for private companies to provide ownership to their employ-ees under SEC rule 701 so they can share in the benefits of growth. I am also very excited that other leg-islation that was introduced by my col-leagues that I also had a part in co-sponsoring is also part of this: the MO-BILE Act; the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act; the Pro-tecting Veterans Credit Act; the Pen-sion, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Banking Act; the Municipal Finance Support Act; the National Se-curity Exchange Regulatory Parity Act; and the SEC Overpayment Credit Act. I am incredibly supportive of the commonsense reforms that are made so that our regional banks are not auto-matically treated like major Wall Street banks. Please support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. May I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 12 minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), a valued member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I will regret-tably vote ‘‘no’’ on S. 2155. It is regrettable because I believe our local banks and credit unions are struggling under the weight of regula-tions. I believe that we have bank rules that need fixing. I wanted to support a bill that would do so. But I cannot vote ‘‘yes’’ for two rea-sons. First, this bill cannot release the pressure small banks are under because it does not address the single biggest cause. Every bank and credit union I have met with cites one regulatory burden as paramount, and that is the Bank Secrecy Act, CTRs, anti-money laundering. And what does this bill have? Not one section, not one sen-tence, not one word. Secondly, this bill makes changes I believe could set us back. It has been cited; the increase of SIFI designation from $50 billion to $250 billion is a large step down a dangerous road. The insurance provision, on the other hand, also goes against my goal of re-turning power to State regulators, who provide the greatest consumer protec-tion. If my colleagues had been allowed any input, I think we could have ac-complished the goal. But this bill doesn’t solve the problem it aims for and may create new ones. Accordingly, I cannot support it. I ask Members, as well, to oppose it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am now very pleased to yield 11⁄2min-utes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the author of two different provisions in S. 2155 to bring clarity to the complex capital rules and flexibility to our savings associa-tions. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation. Our economy has struggled for years under the weight of misguided Wash-ington policies. Banks have closed and consolidated, and communities across this country have lost their local fi-nancial institutions. American families have found it harder to get the funds they need to buy a home, and small businesses have been starved of credit to innovate, invest, and hire more workers. In this economic environment, small businesses have struggled to grow or even get off the ground. A recent study observed that we are missing 650,000 small businesses because of burden-some regulations relating to the finan-cial industry over the last 10 years. Everyone, from the single mom in Ambridge looking to buy her first home to the entrepreneur in Beaver Falls working to achieve his or her version of the American Dream, de-serves access to financial services and the chance to thrive in a growing, healthy economy. Today’s bill addresses some of these barriers that have been holding us back. I am also proud to say that two of my bills are in this legislation. One of these bills gives mutual banks the flexibility to evolve so that they can better serve their communities. The other bill addresses the unin-tended negative impacts of the supple-mentary leverage ratio on custody banks. This is technical, but the cur-rent SLR actually makes it harder for custody banks to safeguard cash of pension funds and nonprofit founda-tions in times of stress. Today, we fix that. Both of my bills received unanimous, bipartisan support in the committee, and I am glad they will soon become law. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman H
ENSARLING for his work on this legis-lation, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), a very hardworking progres-sive leader. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to S. 2155. This bill will roll back many con-sumer protections, including protec-tions that are critical for civil rights. This bill will permit 85 percent of de-pository institutions to avoid public reporting on their mortgage lending activities. This reporting is absolutely critical to identifying discrimination against Black Americans, Latinos, and other minority groups. Thanks to the public reporting re-quirement, we know that redlining still exists in 61 metropolitan areas across our country and that Black folks and Latinos are more than twice as likely as Whites to be denied mortgage credit. It is an unacceptable reality, but it is a reality that we have to see and ac-knowledge. The idea that we would roll back these policies that help us iden-tify these problems, when we have the facts right in front of us, is simply un-thinkable. I do want to make it clear that I have great sympathy for smaller bank-ing institutions, including credit unions—I am a proud credit union member—and our community banks that have called for regulatory relief. But let’s be clear that, when we do that relief, Congress should be using a scalpel to create a fix for smaller banks, not taking a sledgehammer to the entire system that we set up to protect consumers and Main Street small businesses from the greed of big banks. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), the author of the MOBILE Act, Making Online Banking Initiation Legal and Easy. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, for too long, there has been a culture of dis-regard for our community financial in-stitutions out of Washington, D.C. Regulations that were intended to bring discipline to the Nation’s largest institutions have instead suffocated Main Street and prevented commu-nities across the country from finding their footing on the path to prosperity. The passage of this historic, bipar-tisan, progrowth package today will mark a change in the regulatory rhet-oric out of Washington. Communities will be heard instead of ignored. Fami-lies will find open doors where pre-viously they were shut out. And small businesses will be empowered to grow rather than languish in regulatory un-certainty. One provision of this legislation that I authored, the MOBILE Act, embodies exactly the kind of commonsense help for families that today’s vote will pro-vide. The MOBILE Act will allow con-sumers across the country to open bank accounts on their mobile devices using a driver’s license or personal ID, meaning access to financial services will start in your pocket and be more convenient than ever. Approximately three-quarters of the 20 percent of the U.S. population that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.056 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4347 May 22, 2018 
is underbanked has access to a smartphone. This provision will help these Americans get access to the crit-ical banking services that will set them on the path to financial success. Mr. Speaker, this historic package is about unraveling red tape that stifles the financial success of all Americans, and I urge its passage here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), co-chair of the House Demo-cratic Policy and Communications Committee. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the bank lobbyist act, which re-verses the progress we have made since Wall Street brought our economy to the brink of collapse in 2008. This is yet another giveaway from our friends on the other side of the aisle to the wealthy donors who bank-roll their campaigns, and, once again, working people will get screwed. Congress established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect the middle class from the big banks and corporate special interests. Since 2010, the CFPB has returned nearly $12 billion to consumers in all 50 States. b1500 It has been a big step forward for working people, but this bill turns the clock back. Republicans are going to let the banks write the same risky loans that got us into the Great Reces-sion in the first place. This is a bad deal for the American people. They de-serve better. Let’s defeat this bill and put working families first. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), the au-thor of the key regulatory relief provi-sion for small banks and credit unions in S. 2155. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, today Congress has a rare opportunity to help millions of Americans achieve their version of the American Dream. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act is the most significant progrowth, de-regulation bill this Chamber has con-sidered in years. This bipartisan, bi-cameral legislation will reduce the amount of red tape that prevents Americans from accessing the credit they need to buy a home, a car, or start or expand a business. It will foster eco-nomic growth and make regulation ef-ficient, effective, and tailored. Perhaps most importantly, it will empower in-dividual Americans to make inde-pendent financial decisions and in-formed choices in the marketplace. Dozens of the provisions in S. 2155 originated right here in the House, and I am pleased to see the text of my Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act and Keeping Capital Local for Un-derserved Communities Act, legislation that I worked on closely with my col-league from Wisconsin, Representative GWEN MOORE , included in the bill today. Whether it is in Rockford, St. Cloud, or Forest Lake, Minnesota, I consist-ently hear from small banks and credit unions that want to be that next crit-ical source of capital and support for families, businesses, and communities around the State. This bill will allow them to be just that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING for his tireless work on this legislation, and, knowing full well that our work here is far from complete, I urge my colleagues to make history today. Support giving more Americans the opportunity to achieve their Amer-ican Dream, and pass S. 2155. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), who is the author of two provisions in S. 2155, the Senior Safe Act and supporting capital formation for small companies. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this terrific bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, the unemployment rate in our great State of Maine is 2.7 per-cent. This is the lowest rate since the 1950s, and jobs, Mr. Speaker, are avail-able everywhere for hardworking Mainers who now have bigger pay-checks. This growing economy, Mr. Speaker, is because taxes are lower and regula-tions are fewer. We must keep these re-forms going. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I ask everyone, Republicans and Demo-crats, to vote ‘‘yes’’ on S. 2155. This bipartisan bill includes two pro-visions which I have been pushing for 3 years. First, the Small Business Cap-ital Formation Enhancement Act makes it easier for small businesses to borrow money when they need to grow, and that creates more jobs, bigger pay-checks, more opportunity, and more freedom for our families. Mr. Speaker, secondly, the Senior Safe Act helps protect our vulnerable seniors against financial scams. The legislation allows, for example, bank tellers, insurance agencies, and finan-cial advisers to warn our seniors against draining their savings accounts and wiring the money to some distant location because someone is pretending to be their granddaughter in trouble. This bill, the Senior Safe Act, makes it easier to stop financial scams before they hurt our seniors. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Senator S
USAN COLLINS  from Maine, for advancing this initia-tive in the Senate. Together, we pushed this commonsense provision in both the House and in the Senate. I ask everyone, Mr. Speaker, to please vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bipartisan bill, S. 2155, and I thank the chairman for this opportunity. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), a fellow Texan who is an incredibly strong advocate on our committee for small business to obtain credit for their customers. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, which passed the Senate with bipartisan sup-port last month. This important legislation stems from years of consideration, hearings, markups, and floor votes in the House, coupled with a bicameral commitment with the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee to deliver re-lief for the American people. More than half of the 53 provisions included in S. 2155 originated in the House Financial Services Committee, and I applaud the work of the chairman throughout this lengthy process. Right now, small community banks cannot keep up with oppressive regula-tions that are reluctantly forcing so many to close their doors. As I have said time and time again, the practice of one-size-fits-all does not and should not apply to financial institutions. In order to unleash our economic poten-tial, Congress must act now to repeal unnecessary regulations while properly tailoring those we need. Mr. Speaker, S. 2155 will finally pro-vide the relief for our community banks by cutting through red tape. In turn, small businesses and the Amer-ican consumer will now have better ac-cess to credit and encourage more eco-nomic growth and consumption. Make no mistake about it: this econ-omy is roaring. I have been in business 47 years, and I know what I am talking about. I am proud to join colleagues in sup-port of this bipartisan, bicameral legis-lation and look forward to President Trump’s signature as soon as possible. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I continue to reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE), who is the au-thor of a key regulatory relief provi-sion to provide small banks the oppor-tunity to grow. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, we have an economy that is humming right now. Utah’s unemployment rate is better than the national average, and it is the best it has been in 10 years. We are add-ing jobs—1,400 just last month. I am urging a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill because I want to keep the good news coming. America needs a financial sys-tem that is strong, resilient, and inno-vative. As a former mayor, I know that ac-cess to credit is crucial for cities to build schools and roads, for families to buy a home, and for farmers to buy tractors. After the 2008 financial crisis, Congress passed laws to rein in large fi-nancial institutions, but the rules went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.058 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4348 May 22, 2018 
too far, and they are hurting the small-er banks, who can’t handle all the red tape. S. 2155 would ease that burden without risk to the rest of the financial system. My bill, H.R. 4771, is included in this package to help those small banks gain the access to capital they need to serve their community. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote for the good of people and for the health of our economy. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), who is the author of two key regulatory relief provisions for our community banks and credit unions in S. 2155. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan Eco-nomic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. This groundbreaking legislation is vital to rural communities like mine, where my constituents are actually struggling every day to make ends meet. This bill allows greater access to capital for consumers and small busi-nesses that will unleash more opportu-nities for Main Street to flourish, fi-nally. However, in order for Main Street to truly produce, we must en-sure our community financial institu-tions are healthy, safe, and not over-burdened to the point of closure. In my district in New York, small banks and credit unions are the lifeline for consumers who seek access to cap-ital. Whether it is a family buying their first home or a young adult pur-chasing a new car, consumers in New York rely heavily on our Nation’s com-munity financial institutions. I am grateful to have two pieces of bipartisan legislation that promote re-lationship banking and regulatory re-lief that are included in this bill pack-age today. Two of my bipartisan bills included in this package are the Small Bank Exam Cycle Improvement Act and the Community Institution Mort-gage Relief Act which offer small, local communities and financial institutions a little much-needed assistance to help better serve their communities. I am proud of the hard work my col-leagues have done to craft this impor-tant, bipartisan legislation, and I am very thankful to Chairman H
ENSARLING  for making sure that this bill becomes a reality for Americans. Mr. Speaker, S. 2155 will help fami-lies in my district achieve financial independence, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support this, including my cosponsors, Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. C
RIST, who I hope will be joining us in support of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of Mr. H
EN-
SARLING how many speakers he has re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers on this side. I believe I have the right to close. Ms. WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BURGESS ). The gentlewoman has 8 min-utes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me again share with you what should be breaking news to-night: the FDIC released its quarterly banking profile today for the first quarter of 2018 and reported that banks made more money than they ever have. Mr. Speaker, $56 billion in profits in a single quarter represents a 27.5 per-cent surge compared to 2017. Some of these profits came from the Republican tax reform bill that we have called a tax scam law. The community banks, credit unions, and the economy are doing great with Dodd-Frank reforms in place. The banking industry keeps making record profits—an average of $167 billion in annual profits the last 3 years. Banks have increased lending to busi-nesses by 80 percent since 2010. Commu-nity banks are outperforming larger banks in increased lending, and the credit unions are growing and have in-creased lending by more than 10 per-cent in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017. Despite all of that, we have this pay of CEOs of banks that represents so many times more than the median sal-ary in their banks. Specifically, Wells Fargo’s CEO made $17.4 million in 2017, 291 times the company’s median salary. This is in spite of the fact that Wells Fargo has a track record of consumer abuses while demonstrating that the numerous fines imposed upon the bank have not been a sufficient deterrent to stop its pattern of appalling practices. Let me just identify some of those practices: opening 3.5 million fraudu-lent credit card and deposit accounts, for which they were fined $185 million. It was so bad that former Chair Yellen capped the bank’s size until it cleans up its act. In addition to that, they were found to have illegal student loan servicing practices; inappropriate checking ac-count overdraft fees; unlawful mort-gage lending practices, such as over-charging veterans for refinance loans; and charging customers for automobile insurance policies they did not need, which resulted in some customers los-ing their vehicles. They were fined $1 billion, but it really doesn’t make them any dif-ferent. It is just a cost of doing busi-ness. Yet we have my friends on the oppo-site side of the aisle who come and ask us to be lenient on the banks, to do away with the Dodd-Frank reforms, and to forget about what happened in 2008. Somehow it is all right for these greedy banks to continue the practices that they have. Despite the fact that Dodd-Frank reined them in, they are doing very well. S. 2155, again, is not a community bank bill, and it certainly does not help consumers, so we should not pre-tend that that is the case. Instead of considering improvements to this Sen-ate bill or advancing narrowly tailored relief, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are rubberstamping S. 2155 and advancing a Wall Street wish list that could jeopardize the stability of our country’s financial system. So, instead of considering a bill to address concerns raised by community banks, one that I am sure could easily pass both bodies with overwhelming bi-partisan support, House Republicans have instead decided to take up a bill that is largely designed to fulfill the agenda of Wall Street’s megabanks. Passing this bill with broad support would send the wrong message to regu-lators to accelerate their deregulatory efforts for Wall Street. It is unfortunate that megabanks have once again piggybacked onto the substantial goodwill and support that exists to help ease the regulatory bur-den for community banks. S. 2155 is a dangerous measure that weakens key consumer protections and will make it harder, not easier, to com-bat unfair mortgage lending practices. The bill takes advantage of people just trying to make ends meet for the ben-efit of the largest banks that are mak-ing record profits. Make no mistake: I support our Na-tion’s community banks and credit unions, and I support tailored regu-latory relief for those institutions. That is a fact that I have made clear through my support of numerous indi-vidual measures which have advanced through this Congress, as well as through my community bank regu-latory relief bill from last Congress. b1515 I will continue to oppose any efforts to use regulatory relief for community banks as a vehicle to ram through de-regulation for bad actors and megabanks. If my words and the words of my col-leagues here today are not enough of a warning, then I would urge Members to listen to the pleas of hundreds of con-sumer, civil rights, veteran, religious, and labor groups that strongly oppose S. 2155. Though some of my colleagues in Congress may have short memories, the millions of Americans who lost their homes, their jobs, and their wealth during the 2008 financial crisis did not. So I oppose this bill. I want the Mem-bers of Congress to stand up on this very important legislation and say to the greedy banks and the megabanks: No, you are not going to get away with these kinds of actions anymore. Everything that you have done to try to undermine the Dodd-Frank reforms have resulted in more groups coming out to say: Congress, when are you going to stop these banks? They are making plenty of money. They are in-creasing their profits. Their CEOs are making high salaries. What more do you want from them? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.060 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4349 May 22, 2018 
I think that our consumers deserve better than any attempt to try and re-lieve them of those regulatory actions that would support our consumers. I would ask for a resounding ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill that would only feed into the greediness of the major banks of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 3 minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, since Dodd-Frank was passed, the big banks have become big-ger and the small banks have become fewer. Free checking at banks has been cut in half. Credit cards: 200 basis points more, 15 percent fewer. Many creditworthy borrowers are having to pay almost $600 more for their auto loans. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is shrinking. We have 1.6 percent eco-nomic growth, stagnant paychecks, decimated savings, and a diminished American Dream. That is the legacy of Dodd-Frank. Mr. Speaker, I wish I could believe 10 percent of what I heard from the other side of the aisle. I wish it did gut Dodd- Frank. It didn’t. You can’t find some-thing in here. It is hard, challenging, to find anything in this bill that helps what the ranking member calls the so- called Wall Street megabanks. Mr. Speaker, listening very carefully to this debate, it is clear that there are some voices that appear to be driven by their loathing of banks and credit unions, and there are other voices that are driven for our love and respect of our fellow citizens, hardworking tax-payers like Dirk in Colton and Sherry, who I mentioned in my opening state-ment, who are trying to capitalize a small business, who are trying to buy a car that is 10 years old, who are trying to buy that home. It is their American Dream, and they are being challenged due to this law. I have heard so many of my friends on the other side of the aisle say: Oh, I believe in taking away bureaucracy and red tape from community financial institutions, and I believe in biparti-sanship. Well, they may believe in it, but they are not voting for it. The opportunity is right here in front of us with S. 2155, a strong, bipartisan bill that has come over from the United States Senate. So, again, they claim they believe it in theory; they just don’t believe it in practice. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, 3 percent economic growth counts. If you look at the history of our Republic, 3 percent growth is where all the job cre-ation takes place. It is where the pay-check increases take place. It is where the poverty reductions take place. It is the birthright of the American people. Thankfully, due to the leadership of our President and this Congress, we now have a 3 percent tax policy. We need a 3 percent regulatory policy, es-pecially for our community banks and our credit unions, who help finance the American Dream for all of our citizens. We should join in unison on this his-toric day to pass S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Con-sumer Protection Act, for the help of all our citizens. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the bill before us, S. 2155. I support a majority of the provisions in this bill, as it makes crucial changes to federal banking laws that provide much needed relief from some of the worst, most burdensome financial regula-tions that have stifled American small busi-nesses and in turn, harmed consumers. I intend to vote in its favor, but I have a real issue with the way in which we are consid-ering the bill. A huge bill, almost 200 pages— under a closed rule. The section I want to speak on is a section that most folks probably don’t even realize is in the bill, and that is Small Public Housing reform, section 209. This is an issue I’ve been working on for years now, and while I’m always happy to see others such as Chairman C
RAPO caring about it, I’m frustrated by how haphazardly they are written, and disappointed by how good they could be. Let me just go over a couple of things that are in the bill before us as they relate to small public housing authorities. The Senate tacked on a rural requirement to the definition of ‘‘small public housing authority’’ which is gen-erally defined as a housing authority operating 550 or fewer combined units or vouchers. For starters, how many times have we de-bated USDA’s rural definition? It’s one of the most complicated rural definitions that exist— why are we still using this in new legislation even though we know how difficult it is to come to a consensus on it? The small PHA definition of 550 and under covers approxi-mately 76 percent of PHAs across the coun-try—that number drops to a little over a half when we add the rural definition. Moreover, there are already existing distinc-tions when it comes to small PHAs—fewer than 250 get to report less, fewer than 400 are exempt from asset management, etc. Now, we’ve created a new subsection—rural or non- rural. So in theory we could have two PHAs of identical sizes in adjoining or nearby counties operating under different rules for performance and oversight. Both likely will have similar re-source challenges but only one of them will get regulatory relief as a result of S. 2155. We’re creating complexity, not lessening it. We move physical inspection standards cur-rently used in public housing (UPCS) and we say, let’s move them to the less burdensome section 8—which, again, I’m all for, but we don’t clarify which section 8. There are two types of section 8, tenant-based and project- based. Presumably they meant tenant-based, but that’s something we need to clarify. These are just a couple of small, non-con-troversial common sense corrections. I’ll be introducing authorizing legislation that makes these changes and a few others that I didn’t have time to go over—and hopefully, we’ll be able to attach some technical correc-tions to a must-pass piece of legislation I know many others share my frustration, to have this massive bill shoved down our throat with no opportunity to make the legislation bet-ter. Isn’t that our job as lawmakers? To make sure the bills we pass are the very best they could be. I applaud the deregulatory efforts on the financial side as well as the small public housing side, I’m jut disappointed to see that we don’t have the opportunity to make some of these common sense edits on the front end, instead of having to make technical correc-tions afterwards because what has been signed into law contains well intended, but confusing and imperfect provisions. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, it was 5:39 a.m. on June 25, 2010 when we passed the Dodd-Frank Conference Com-mittee Report. At that early morning hour— other than a need for sleep—there was little we agreed upon. But one thing stood out, Re-publicans and Democrats openly discussed that there were problems in the bill that would need fixing. We knew some of the unintended (and intended) consequences that community banks and credit unions would face when looking to lend to homeowners and small busi-nesses. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, it has taken nearly 8 years for us to pass into law any meaningful changes of those sweeping reforms. Smaller institutions have suffered; they have fewer as-sets over which to spread ever-increasing compliance costs. That’s what leads to this co-nundrum where we have fewer banks today than we did during the Great Depression. Today, we take a step in rewriting these wrongs. I’m particular proud that the bill before us includes many provisions I authored on a bipartisan basis. S. 2155 provides potential homeownership for the so-called ‘‘credit invisibles,’’ increases small business lending from credit unions, and improves access to capital for companies looking to go public and hire more workers. I urge my colleagues to pass these overdue reforms. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). All time for de-bate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
CHILDHOOD CANCER SURVIVOR-SHIP, TREATMENT, ACCESS, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.062 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4350 May 22, 2018 
(S. 292) to maximize discovery, and ac-celerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treat-ments, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 292 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treat-ment, Access, and Research Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘Childhood Cancer STAR Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING RESEARCH THROUGH DISCOVERY Subtitle A—Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Reauthorization Act Sec. 101. Children’s cancer biorepositories and biospecimen research. Sec. 102. Improving Childhood Cancer Sur-veillance. Subtitle B—Pediatric Expertise at NIH Sec. 111. Inclusion of at least one pediatric oncologist on the National Can-cer Advisory Board. Sec. 112. Sense of Congress regarding pedi-atric expertise at the National Cancer Institute. Subtitle C—NIH Reporting on Childhood Cancer Activities Sec. 121. Reporting on childhood cancer re-search projects. TITLE II—MAXIMIZING DELIVERY: CARE, QUALITY OF LIFE, SURVIVORSHIP, AND CAREGIVER SUPPORT Sec. 201. Cancer survivorship programs. Sec. 202. Grants to improve care for pedi-atric cancer survivors. Sec. 203. Best practices for long-term follow- up services for pediatric cancer survivors. Sec. 204. Technical amendment. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING RESEARCH THROUGH DISCOVERY Subtitle A—Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Reauthorization Act 
SEC. 101. CHILDREN’S CANCER BIOREPOSI-TORIES AND BIOSPECIMEN RE-SEARCH. 
Section 417E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RE-
SEARCH AND AWARENESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RE-
SEARCH , AWARENESS , AND SURVIVORSHIP ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
HILDREN ’SCANCER BIOREPOSITORIES .— ‘‘(1) A
WARD .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of NIH, may make awards to an entity or entities described in paragraph (4) to build upon existing research efforts to collect biospecimens and clinical and demographic information of children, adolescents, and young adults with selected cancer subtypes (and their recurrences) for which current treatments are least effective, in order to achieve a better understanding of the causes of such cancer subtypes (and their recurrences), and the effects and outcomes of treatments for such cancers. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts received under an award under paragraph (1) may be used to carry out the following: ‘‘(A) Collect and store high-quality, do-nated biospecimens and associated clinical and demographic information on children, adolescents, and young adults diagnosed with cancer in the United States, focusing on children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer enrolled in clinical trials for whom current treatments are least effective. Ac-tivities under this subparagraph may include storage of biospecimens and associated clin-ical and demographic data at existing bio-repositories supported by the National Can-cer Institute. ‘‘(B) Maintain an interoperable, secure, and searchable database on stored biospeci-mens and associated clinical and demo-graphic data from children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer for the purposes of research by scientists and qualified health care professionals. ‘‘(C) Establish and implement procedures for evaluating applications for access to such biospecimens and clinical and demographic data from researchers and other qualified health care professionals. ‘‘(D) Provide access to biospecimens and clinical and demographic data from children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer to researchers and qualified health care profes-sionals for peer-reviewed research— ‘‘(i) consistent with the procedures estab-lished pursuant to subparagraph (C); ‘‘(ii) only to the extent permitted by appli-cable Federal and State law; and ‘‘(iii) in a manner that protects personal privacy to the extent required by applicable Federal and State privacy law, at minimum. ‘‘(3) NO REQUIREMENT .—No child, adoles-cent, or young adult with cancer shall be re-quired under this subsection to contribute a specimen to a biorepository or share clinical or demographic data. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION ; CONSIDERATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to re-ceive an award under paragraph (1) an entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such a time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In evaluating appli-cations submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider the existing in-frastructure of the entity that would allow for the timely capture of biospecimens and related clinical and demographic informa-tion for children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer for whom current treat-ments are least effective. ‘‘(5) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS AND INFORMED  
CONSENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not make an award under paragraph (1) to an en-tity unless the Secretary ensures that such entity— ‘‘(i) collects biospecimens and associated clinical and demographic information only from participants who have given their in-formed consent in accordance with Federal and State law; and ‘‘(ii) protects personal privacy to the ex-tent required by applicable Federal and State law, at minimum. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMED CONSENT .—The Secretary shall ensure biospecimens and associated clinical and demographic information are collected with informed consent, as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(6) G
UIDELINES AND OVERSIGHT .—The Sec- retary shall develop and disseminate appro-priate guidelines for the development and maintenance of the biorepositories supported under this subsection, including appropriate oversight, to facilitate further research on select cancer subtypes (and their recurrences) in children, adolescents, and young adults with such cancers (and their recurrences). ‘‘(7) C
OORDINATION .—To encourage the greatest possible efficiency and effectiveness of federally supported efforts with respect to the activities described in this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure the appropriate coordination of programs supported under this section with existing federally sup-ported cancer registry programs and the ac-tivities under section 399E–1, as appropriate. ‘‘(8) SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds provided under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, Federal and non-Federal funds available for carrying out the activities described in this sub-section. ‘‘(9) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Childhood Can-cer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Re-search Act of 2018, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) the number of biospecimens and cor-responding clinical demographic data col-lected through the biospecimen research ef-forts supported under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the number of biospecimens and cor-responding clinical demographic data re-quested for use by researchers; ‘‘(C) barriers to the collection of biospeci-mens and corresponding clinical demo-graphic data; ‘‘(D) barriers experienced by researchers or health care professionals in accessing the biospecimens and corresponding clinical de-mographic data necessary for use in re-search; and ‘‘(E) recommendations with respect to im-proving the biospecimen and biorepository research efforts under this subsection. ‘‘(10) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
WARD .—The term ‘award’ includes a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) B
IOSPECIMEN .—The term ‘biospecimen’ includes— ‘‘(i) solid tumor tissue or bone marrow; ‘‘(ii) normal or control tissue; ‘‘(iii) blood and plasma; ‘‘(iv) DNA and RNA extractions; ‘‘(v) familial DNA; and ‘‘(vi) any other sample relevant to cancer research, as required by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) C
LINICAL AND DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘clinical and demographic information’ includes— ‘‘(i) date of diagnosis; ‘‘(ii) age at diagnosis; ‘‘(iii) the patient’s sex, race, ethnicity, and environmental exposures; ‘‘(iv) extent of disease at enrollment; ‘‘(v) site of metastases; ‘‘(vi) location of primary tumor coded; ‘‘(vii) histologic diagnosis; ‘‘(viii) tumor marker data when available; ‘‘(ix) treatment and outcome data; ‘‘(x) information related to specimen qual-ity; and ‘‘(xi) any other applicable information re-quired by the Secretary.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 202 note)’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPROVING CHILDHOOD CANCER SUR-VEILLANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 399E–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280e–3a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall award a grant’’ and inserting ‘‘may make awards to State cancer registries’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘track the epidemiology of pediatric cancer into a comprehensive na-tionwide registry of actual occurrences of pediatric cancer’’ and inserting ‘‘collect in-formation to better understand the epidemi-ology of cancer in children, adolescents, and young adults’’; and (C) by striking the second sentence and in-serting ‘‘Such registries may be updated to include each occurrence of such cancers within a period of time designated by the Secretary.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.063 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4351 May 22, 2018 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The grants described in subsection (a) may be used for— ‘‘(1) identifying, recruiting, and training potential sources for reporting childhood, ad-olescent, and young adult cancer cases; ‘‘(2) developing practices to ensure early inclusion of childhood, adolescent, and young adult cancer cases in State cancer registries through the use of electronic re-porting; ‘‘(3) collecting and submitting deidentified data to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for inclusion in a national data-base that includes information on childhood, adolescent, and young adult cancers; and ‘‘(4) improving State cancer registries and the database described in paragraph (3), as appropriate, including to support the early inclusion of childhood, adolescent, and young adult cancer cases. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—To encourage the greatest possible efficiency and effectiveness of federally supported efforts with respect to the activities described in this section, the Secretary shall ensure the appropriate co-ordination of programs supported under this section with other federally supported can-cer registry programs and the activities under section 417E(a), as appropriate.’’; and (4) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘registry established pursuant to subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘activities de-scribed in this section’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 417E(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2009 through 2013’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. Subtitle B—Pediatric Expertise at NIH 
SEC. 111. INCLUSION OF AT LEAST ONE PEDI-ATRIC ONCOLOGIST ON THE NA-TIONAL CANCER ADVISORY BOARD. 
Clause (iii) of section 406(h)(2)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284a(h)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Board not less than five’’ and inserting ‘‘Board— ‘‘(I) not less than 5’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) not less than one member shall be an individual knowledgeable in pediatric oncol-ogy;’’. 
SEC. 112. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PEDI-ATRIC EXPERTISE AT THE NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Direc-tor of the National Cancer Institute should ensure that all applicable study sections, committees, advisory groups, and panels at the National Cancer Institute include one or more qualified pediatric oncologists, as ap-propriate. Subtitle C—NIH Reporting on Childhood Cancer Activities 
SEC. 121. REPORTING ON CHILDHOOD CANCER RESEARCH PROJECTS. 
The Director of the National Institutes of Health shall ensure that childhood cancer re-search projects conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health are in-cluded in appropriate reports to Congress, which may include the Pediatric Research Initiative report. TITLE II—MAXIMIZING DELIVERY: CARE, QUALITY OF LIFE, SURVIVORSHIP, AND CAREGIVER SUPPORT 
SEC. 201. CANCER SURVIVORSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS TOEXPLORE MODEL  S
YSTEMS OF CARE FOR PEDIATRIC CANCER  S
URVIVORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may make awards to eligible entities to establish pilot pro-grams to develop, study, or evaluate model systems for monitoring and caring for child-hood cancer survivors throughout their life-span, including evaluation of models for transition to adult care and care coordina-tion. (2) AWARDS .— (A) T
YPES OF ENTITIES .—In making awards under this subsection, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, include— (i) small, medium, and large-sized eligible entities; and (ii) sites located in different geographic areas, including rural and urban areas. (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a medical school; (ii) a children’s hospital; (iii) a cancer center; (iv) a community-based medical facility; or (v) any other entity with significant expe-rience and expertise in treating survivors of childhood cancers. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds awarded under this subsection may be used— (A) to develop, study, or evaluate one or more models for monitoring and caring for cancer survivors; and (B) in developing, studying, and evaluating such models, to give special emphasis to— (i) design of models of follow-up care, mon-itoring, and other survivorship programs (in-cluding peer support and mentoring pro-grams); (ii) development of models for providing multidisciplinary care; (iii) dissemination of information to health care providers about culturally and linguis-tically appropriate follow-up care for cancer survivors and their families, as appropriate and practicable; (iv) development of psychosocial and sup-port programs to improve the quality of life of cancer survivors and their families, which may include peer support and mentoring pro-grams; (v) design of systems for the effective transfer of treatment information and care summaries from cancer care providers to other health care providers (including risk factors and a plan for recommended follow- up care); (vi) dissemination of the information and programs described in clauses (i) through (v) to other health care providers (including pri-mary care physicians and internists) and to cancer survivors and their families, where appropriate and in accordance with Federal and State law; and (vii) development of initiatives that pro-mote the coordination and effective transi-tion of care between cancer care providers, primary care physicians, mental health pro-fessionals, and other health care profes-sionals, as appropriate, including models that use a team-based or multi-disciplinary approach to care. (b) W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FOR HEALTH  C
ARE PROVIDERS ON MEDICAL AND PSYCHO -
SOCIAL CARE FOR CHILDHOOD CANCER SUR-
VIVORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, conduct a review of the activities of the Department of Health and Human Services related to workforce development for health care providers who treat pediatric cancer patients and survivors. Such review shall include— (A) an assessment of the effectiveness of supportive psychosocial care services for pe-diatric cancer patients and survivors, includ-ing pediatric cancer survivorship care pa-tient navigators and peer support programs; (B) identification of existing models rel-evant to providing medical and psychosocial services to individuals surviving pediatric cancers, and programs related to training for health professionals who provide such serv-ices to individuals surviving pediatric can-cers; and (C) recommendations for improving the provision of psychosocial care for pediatric cancer survivors and patients. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report concerning the findings and rec-ommendations from the review conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 202. GRANTS TO IMPROVE CARE FOR PEDI-ATRIC CANCER SURVIVORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 417E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11), as amended by section 101, is further amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) I
MPROVING CARE FOR PEDIATRIC CAN-
CERSURVIVORS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESEARCH ON PEDIATRIC CANCER SURVI -
VORSHIP .—The Director of NIH, in coordina-tion with ongoing research activities, may continue to conduct or support pediatric cancer survivorship research including in any of the following areas: ‘‘(A) Outcomes of pediatric cancer sur-vivors, including within minority or other medically underserved populations and with respect to health disparities of such out-comes. ‘‘(B) Barriers to follow-up care for pedi-atric cancer survivors, including within mi-nority or other medically underserved popu-lations. ‘‘(C) The impact of relevant factors, which may include familial, socioeconomic, and other environmental factors, on treatment outcomes and survivorship. ‘‘(D) The development of indicators used for long-term follow-up and analysis of the late effects of cancer treatment for pediatric cancer survivors. ‘‘(E) The identification of, as applicable— ‘‘(i) risk factors associated with the late ef-fects of cancer treatment; ‘‘(ii) predictors of adverse neurocognitive and psychosocial outcomes; and ‘‘(iii) the molecular basis of long-term complications. ‘‘(F) The development of targeted interven-tions to reduce the burden of morbidity borne by cancer survivors in order to protect such cancer survivors from the late effects of cancer. ‘‘(2) B
ALANCED APPROACH .—In conducting or supporting research under paragraph (1)(A)(i) on pediatric cancer survivors within minority or other medically underserved populations, the Director of NIH shall ensure that such research addresses both the phys-ical and the psychological needs of such sur-vivors, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 203. BEST PRACTICES FOR LONG-TERM FOL-LOW-UP SERVICES FOR PEDIATRIC CANCER SURVIVORS. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices may facilitate the identification of best practices for childhood and adolescent can-cer survivorship care, and, as appropriate, may consult with individuals who have ex-pertise in late effects of disease and treat-ment of childhood and adolescent cancers, which may include— (1) oncologists, which may include pedi-atric oncologists; (2) primary care providers engaged in sur-vivorship care; (3) survivors of childhood and adolescent cancer; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.027 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4352 May 22, 2018 
(4) parents of children and adolescents who have been diagnosed with and treated for cancer and parents of long-term survivors; (5) nurses and social workers; (6) mental health professionals; (7) allied health professionals, including physical therapists and occupational thera-pists; and (8) others, as the Secretary determines ap-propriate. 
SEC. 204. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Hematological Cancer Research Investment and Education Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 172; 116 Stat. 541) is amended by striking ‘‘section 419C’’ and inserting ‘‘section 417C’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in section 3 of the Hematological Cancer Research Investment and Education Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–172; 116 Stat. 541). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, we are here to debate the Childhood Cancer Survivor-ship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act, also known as the Childhood Can-cer STAR Act. Each of us knows someone who has suffered from cancer, whether it is a family member, friend, patient, or loved one. It is especially heart- wrenching to watch children go through a cancer diagnosis and cancer treatment. The bill we are considering today is for our children, the future of our Na-tion. I would like to acknowledge and thank my fellow Texan, Congressman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, for leading our work to deliver hope to America’s youngest cancer patients. Congress has done remarkable work to pass legislation such as the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, which provided Ameri-cans with great hope that increased in-vestment in biomedical research would lead to treatment and even cures for our most devastating diseases. The 21st Century Cures Act author-ized over $4.5 billion in new funding for the National Institutes of Health, in-cluding nearly $2 billion for the Cancer Moonshot. The Childhood Cancer STAR Act builds upon the mission of 21st Century Cures but focuses on empowering the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention to increase the amount of re-search and surveillance for cancer in children, adolescents, and young adults. Groundbreaking discoveries rely on robust and reliable investment in re-search, and this requires robust and re-liable dollars for research. This bill authorizes $30 million a year through fiscal year 2023 for the Na-tional Childhood Cancer Registry, which will provide grant funding for the purpose of collecting information to better understand the epidemiology of cancer in children, adolescents, and young adults. The bill also authorizes the National Cancer Institute at the National Insti-tutes of Health to make awards that will support childhood cancer bio-repositories, giving physicians and re-searchers tools to better understand these diseases. Mr. Speaker, it is vital that physi-cians and their teams can provide com-prehensive and coordinated care for pe-diatric cancer patients. The bill allows the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to make grants to establish pilot programs to develop, study, or evaluate model sys-tems to improve the quality and the ef-ficiency of care for childhood cancer survivors. It also provides for greater efficiency and coordination of care for those sur-vivors as they transition into adult-hood and for the Secretary to work with experts to identify best practices. Similarly, this bill gives the Na-tional Institutes of Health Director the authority to make grants to programs that conduct or support research relat-ing to pediatric cancer survivors. As I have said, this legislation is for our children. It is for the families that are building our Nation’s future. If we can ensure that these young patients receive treatment and cures for child-hood cancer, they may grow up to be-come biomedical researchers who will find the next generation of cures; they may write the next great American classic; they may become prima balle-rinas, Olympic athletes, or all of the above. This legislation is for kids like Sadie. Sadie was diagnosed with ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukemia, on February 25, 2015. She was just 7 years old at the time. This young north Texan fought through infections, blood transfusions, and rare side effects. She missed out on second grade and she missed out on third grade as she underwent weekly chemotherapy sessions. Today, it is my great joy to share that Sadie beat the odds and Sadie sur-vived leukemia. She received her last chemotherapy treatment May 26, 2017. Now, at 10 years old, Sadie is able to live the life of a normal kid. I would like to thank Sadie and her family for their willingness to share their story and for their advocacy in support of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I met Sadie in my office last spring, and I was inspired by her story. She started a nonprofit, the Sadie Keller Foundation, to raise money to help other kids who are fac-ing cancer. Her mission is pretty sim-ple. It is to put a smile on the faces of children fighting cancer all over the country and to remind them to keep fighting. So, today, I urge Members of Con-gress to support this important bipar-tisan legislation. In sending this bill to the President’s desk, we will help Sadie achieve her mission of putting a smile on the faces of children fighting can-cer. We will provide families across this country with hope for a better to-morrow. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 292, the Childhood Cancer Survi-vorship, Treatment, Access, and Re-search Act. I want to particularly thank our lead Democratic sponsor, Mr. BUTTERFIELD  of North Carolina, for promoting this bill. Nearly 16,000 children are diagnosed with cancer in the U.S. each year. Those children are forced to bravely battle a disease and carry burdens that no one their age should. The Childhood Cancer STAR Act gives those children and their families hope by encouraging improved research as well as survivor-ship programs for children with cancer. This legislation urges the National Institutes of Health to find new oppor-tunities to expand research into pedi-atric cancer and survivorship, such as supporting the collection of biospeci-mens, as well as supporting research on the causes of health disparities in pedi-atric cancer survivorship. The bill also allows the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to award funding to help States strength-en their infrastructure to track the ep-idemiology of pediatric cancer. b1530 This improves childhood cancer sur-veillance and helps to guide public health decisionmaking as well as re-search inquiry. Finally, this bill recognizes that ex-panding research that leads to treat-ments and cures is only part of the equation in improving the experience of children diagnosed with this disease. We must ensure that quality care is available to meet their needs for the remainder of their lives. Unfortunately, the battle with pedi-atric cancer extends beyond beating the disease. As many as two-thirds of pediatric cancer survivors suffer from long-term effects of their disease and treatment, including secondary cancers and organ damage. That is why this bill allows the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to establish a pilot program to develop, study, or evaluate model systems for monitoring and caring for childhood cancer survivors through their life-span, as well as to develop best prac-tices for long-term followup services for pediatric cancer survivors. I will continue to support efforts like this to improve outcomes for cancer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.027 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4353 May 22, 2018 
patients and survivors. However, un-like with this legislation, such efforts should proceed through the regular order process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN), the chairman of the full com-mittee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I would thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and our staffs, who worked so hard on this legislation. I rise to offer my strong support for S. 292, the Childhood Cancer Survivor-ship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2018, simply known as the Child-hood Cancer STAR Act. The House version of this important legislation was spearheaded by several, including my colleague Representative M
ICHAEL  M
CCAULof Texas, the chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. I would like to thank the gen-tleman for his leadership on this bipar-tisan initiative. Being told your child has cancer is probably every parent’s worst night-mare. Even though childhood cancer is rare, it is still the second leading cause of death in children aged 1 to 14. In the last Congress we passed the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. This landmark legisla-tion modernized the Nation’s bio-medical and innovation infrastructure, and it streamlined the process for how drugs and medical devices are approved so we can get new treatments to pa-tients faster. And we have invested heavily in the National Institutes of Health through the appropriations process—then and now—recently increasing their budget by $3 billion in the 2018 spending bill, which I supported. The STAR Act builds on these investments and ex-pands the reach of the 21st Century Cures legislation by focusing critical resources to advance both research and treatments for pediatric cancer. By reauthorizing and modifying the National Childhood Cancer Registry; supporting childhood cancer bioreposi-tories; improving the tracking of can-cer in children, adolescents, and young adults; and supporting efforts to im-prove the pediatric cancer survivorship care, the STAR Act will improve both treatment of children currently bat-tling cancer and the quality of life for the young survivors who have beaten this terrible disease. So I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This is good work we are doing here today in a bi-partisan way in the United States House of Representatives. We will save lives. We will help families. Especially, we will help these children who are suf-fering mightily. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), the lead Democratic sponsor, who is always out front on so many important healthcare issues. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PALLONE for his friendship and leadership on the committee. He has been an extraordinary leader in the healthcare space, and I want to pub-licly thank the gentleman for his work. As well as to Dr. B
URGESS : I have been on the committee now for more than 10 years, and I have watched him and Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. B ARTON , and others en-gage in debate. I know that all of them are seriously and totally committed to improving health outcomes in this country, and I thank them all for their leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support S. 292, the Child-hood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act, commonly referred to as the STAR Act. Along with Mr. M
CCAUL, JACKIE SPEIER , and M
IKE KELLY , I introduced H.R. 820, which is the House companion to S. 292. Over 85 percent of the House has co-sponsored this bill. It is, therefore, my great honor to serve as cochair of the bipartisan House Childhood Cancer Caucus. Through the work of this cau-cus, I have had the opportunity to work closely with pediatric patient groups and stakeholders to promote legislation that can help save and im-prove the lives of young people. Passage of the STAR Act has long been a goal of those patients and of the Childhood Cancer Caucus, and I am grateful that the House is poised to send this important piece of legislation now to the President’s desk for his sig-nature. Mr. Speaker, 16,000—16,000—children in the United States are diagnosed with cancer every year. Many of those have limited treatment options. The STAR Act, Mr. Speaker, is an impor-tant piece of legislation that will ex-pand the opportunities for childhood cancer research, improve efforts to identify and track childhood cancer, and enhance the quality of life of child-hood cancer survivors. Childhood cancer remains the leading cause of death in American children. As many as two-thirds of childhood cancer survivors suffer from late ef-fects of their disease or treatment, in-cluding secondary cancers or organ damage. That is why passage and en-actment of this legislation is so impor-tant. The bill enhances research on the late effects of childhood cancers, im-proves collaboration among providers so that doctors are better able to care for survivors as they age, and explores innovative models of care for childhood cancer survivors. When enacted, S. 292 will help to ad-vance pediatric cancer research and child-focused cancer treatments while also improving childhood cancer sur-veillance and providing enhanced re-sources for survivors. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is the most comprehensive childhood cancer legislation ever slat-ed to be passed by this Congress. The STAR Act will give young cancer patients and their families better ac-cess to life-saving treatments and the support they need even after beating cancer. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speak-er, I thank all of the leaders of the committee for their work. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), vice chairman of one of our subcommittees. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Child-hood Cancer STAR Act, one of the most comprehensive pieces of child-hood cancer legislation ever taken up by the Congress and another major bi-partisan accomplishment of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. I certainly congratulate Dr. B
URGESS . It is heartbreaking when a child is stricken with one of these life-threat-ening diseases. I have met with fami-lies who have faced these terrible cir-cumstances, and I have been touched by their stories of perseverance and hope. There is more work to be done. We need to improve Federal services for the pediatric cancer community, from research and access to treatment and survivorship. Federal healthcare and research entities must do all they can. The Childhood Cancer STAR Act deliv-ers more resources and reform to make sure we are winning the fight against pediatric cancer by expanding grants for promising and expanded programs. Last week I stopped by the Hunterdon County Relay for Life event in Ringoes, New Jersey. The event brought together cancer patients, sur-vivors, and their families. The crowd was large and enthusiastic in the fight against these terrible diseases. We owe it to those participants to en-sure that federally supported research entities are doing all that they can do in this area. The Energy and Commerce Committee has made the cause of Cures a centerpiece of our work. This bill provides greater hope for all of the Nation’s youngest patients and their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), the vice ranking member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leader-ship and for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, we simply must do more for pediatric cancer and the chil-dren and families who are impacted by it. That is why I urge adoption of S. 292. It is also H.R. 820. I would like to thank my colleagues—Congressman M
CCAUL, Congresswoman S PEIER , Con-gressman B
UTTERFIELD , and Congress-man K
ELLY —for leading the charge on this. It has broad bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I mostly want to thank the families and the parents across America who have helped educate us— folks like Bonnie Woodworth; her hus-band, Scott; and kids Joe, Delaney, and Piper—who have educated me and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.065 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4354 May 22, 2018 
many policymakers across the Tampa Bay area. See, they lost their daughter and sister, Tatum, in 2012 to pediatric cancer. On behalf of so many families who often are held back by the pain of los-ing a child or dealing with childhood cancer, they channeled their energy into making things better for other families. They have educated me and others, along with Mary Ann Massolio with the 1Voice Foundation, back in the Tampa Bay area. I am so happy that it is paying off today. What they have explained is that, after you suffer this diagnosis, it is very isolating. America doesn’t do a lot of research on pediatric cancer. It is not coordinated very well, and the re-sources just are not there to help bring families together to get through these kinds of varied diagnoses. The STAR Act hopefully will make things better because we are going to ask the Centers for Disease Control to do more with States to track pediatric cancer. We are going to do a little more research on how it is best to care for survivors. We are going to try to en-deavor to do better in coordination of care for kids with pediatric cancer, do more on research, and also, help folks in the minority community who often don’t have the resources dedicated to them that they need. Hopefully this will bring great relief to the families, and I urge a swift adop-tion. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, fel-low Texan, and the principal author of the bill that we have before us today. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend Dr. B
URGESS for shepherding this bill through the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and taking us to the point where we are today on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. The bill addresses 4 major concerns facing the pediatric cancer community: survivorship, treatment, access, and re-search. I was proud to introduce this bill with Ms. J
ACKIE SPEIER , with G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. M IKEKELLY of Pennsylvania. This is the most com-prehensive childhood cancer bill ever considered before this House. This bill passed the House in 2016, and I encour-age the support of all Members today so we can finally send it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. I am proud to say that today is the day. I know a lot of the advocates have been waiting for this day for quite some time. Childhood cancer, unfortunately, re-mains the deadliest killer of our chil-dren. At some point we, as a Congress and as a Nation, must say enough is enough. In short, the STAR Act ele-vates and prioritizes the fight against childhood cancer at the NIH. Specifi-cally, STAR places a pediatric oncologist on the board at the National Cancer Institute, so childhood cancer will now have a voice at the table when funding decisions are made. It also expands opportunities to childhood cancer research, allowing doctors to better understand and track how cancer develops in children. Fi-nally, we must also address the needs of the nearly 500,000 survivors of child-hood cancer. Due to their treatments using chemotherapy, a World War I chemical agent, two-thirds of these survivors will face serious, lifelong medical conditions. When I think about what this means, I think of my friend Sadie Keller. She is perhaps the strongest person I know. Sadie underwent over 2 years of chemo-therapy at the age of 7 after being diag-nosed with leukemia. She has been, at her young age, perhaps the most re-lentless advocate for this cause, this bill here on Capitol Hill, and through-out the childhood cancer community. I just want to refer to this picture of little Sadie and myself when she was going through remission, on the Speak-er’s balcony, looking out over The Mall, with a vision towards the future, a future where children will no longer have to go through this disease, look-ing at the dark clouds but the sunlight coming through. That is what this bill represents is sunlight for the children who have been afflicted with this ter-rible disease. b1545 While now her cancer is in remission, that does not mean her medical chal-lenges are over. We must do more as a Nation to care for these survivors. To that end, the STAR Act will improve collaboration among providers so doc-tors are better able to care for sur-vivors as they age. I want to close by thanking Sadie, but I also want to thank people like Danielle Leach and the Alliance for Childhood Cancer team for their re-lentless advocacy on the Hill and work on this bill. I also want to thank Nancy Goodman and Kids v. Cancer and the entire childhood cancer advocacy com-munity for standing up and getting us to the point where we are today. They are the voice of these children. They made this event possible here today. And I want to thank them from the bottom of my heart. I urge passage of this life-altering piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the ranking member, the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
ALLONE ). I rise today in support of the Child-hood Cancer STAR Act. Thanks to research funded by the Na-tional Institutes of Health, the private sector, and philanthropic funds, we have made progress in the study and treatment of childhood cancers. How-ever, every year, 16,000 children and their families receive that terrible, nightmarish news that their child has been diagnosed with cancer. My constituent Allison Easter-Lara was diagnosed with stage IV neuro-blastoma when she was about 2 years old. Throughout her fight, she endured some of the harshest cancer treatments there are, with chemotherapy and stem cell transplants. Allison’s dad, Keith, visited my office earlier this year, and he shared a re-markable update. Allison is beating the odds. She is currently in remission and in a phase two drug trial. We must pass the STAR Act because we need more good outcomes like Allison’s. This bill will expand child-hood cancer research opportunities at the NIH, improve our understanding of cancer as a disease, and work to en-hance the quality of life for all sur-vivors. It may be a moonshot, but I believe we can find new treatments and even-tually a cure for childhood cancer. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. ROE). Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. B
URGESS . Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 204, the Right to Try Act. I am a physician and scientist with almost 40 years of experience in treat-ing patients, and far too many of them, Mr. Speaker, have been diagnosed with cancer. A little over 3 years ago, my beloved wife, Pam Roe, who was a nurse, died of stage IV colon cancer, 5 weeks to the day after she was operated on. Pam would have liked the right to try. Less than 2 months after that, one of the best friends I will ever have in my life, Phil Street, a Vietnam veteran, Air Force veteran, died of cancer re-lated to Agent Orange. Phil would have liked to have had the right to try. My senior partner in medical prac-tice, a year later, good friend, Dr. Bill Bone, was diagnosed with brain cancer. Bill died. He would have liked to have had the right to try. Shortly after that, Linda Baines, a scrub nurse that I operated with hun-dreds of times in my medical practice, was diagnosed with brain cancer and died shortly after that. Linda would have liked to have had the right to try. Currently, I have three friends at this moment who are being treated with stage IV cancer. If those treat-ments don’t work, they would like to have the right to try. Mr. Speaker, my first pediatric rota-tion in medical school was at St. Jude Children’s Hospital, where, at that time, 80 percent of children died of their disease. I can still see many of those children’s faces today, and that was almost 50 years ago. Those chil-dren, today, have an 80 percent chance of living, but, as was stated, 16,000 par-ents have to face that this year. I have had the misfortune of having to look patients in the eye and say: Your life is not in my hands anymore; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.066 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4355 May 22, 2018 
it is in God’s hands. In that moment, I will tell you this: all that these pa-tients want and deserve is a right to try. Please support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to urge support for this legisla-tion. The support is obviously bipar-tisan, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to express my strong support for S. 292, the Childhood Cancer Survivor-ship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2018, Childhood Cancer STAR Act. And, once again, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), for spearheading this ef-fort. I urge all my colleagues to support the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access & Research (STAR) Act, a bill that will touch many lives affected by child-hood cancer. This has been a true example of bipartisanship. I particularly want to thank my colleague Congressman M
CCAULfor his lead-ership on this critical bill and my other fellow co-chairs of the Congressional Childhood Can-cer Caucus, Congressmen B
UTTERFIELD and K
ELLY. I also want to thank our Senate part-ners, Senators R
EED, M OORE CAPITO , V AN H
OLLEN , and I SAKSON . And to all children and families affected by childhood cancer, this is their victory. It is because of their tireless ad-vocacy that this landmark legislation will be sent to the President’s desk and signed into law. With the STAR Act, we have won a battle in our long-fought war against childhood can-cer. This bill creates an arsenal of tools for the National Institutes of Health to promote vital research into childhood cancer, such as the establishment of National Biorepositories. It also improves the quality of life for survivors, including by funding models of long-term care to help monitor the progress of survivors as they age. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to recognize two of my constituents who have personally inspired my work on this important bill. The first is Christie Chaudry, who after surviving childhood cancer grew up to become a pediatric oncology nurse practitioner. For the last seven years, Christie has helped run the inpatient chemotherapy unit at Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford—the same hospital where she was treated as a child. The second is Andrea Church, a childhood cancer advocate from San Carlos, California, who set a goal to have San Francisco City Hall lit up in gold in honor of Childhood Can-cer Awareness Month. Andrea’s daughter, Riley, passed away at age 14 due to an inop-erable brain tumor. In her daughter’s honor, Andrea reached and surpassed her goal two years ago. Not only did San Francisco City Hall go gold, so did Oakland City Hall, AT&T Park—the home of the San Francisco Gi-ants—and the Oakland Coliseum—the home of the Oakland A’s. Mr. Speaker, the STAR Act opens the door to numerous opportunities for research and in-novation in the treatment of childhood cancer. It addresses critical gaps in the care of child-hood cancer survivors, and it creates a holistic approach to studying the disease. With the passage of this legislation, we are moving closer to a future where children and their families may one day live cancer-free. I thank my colleagues for their support. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BUR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 292. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 905, I call up the bill (S. 204) to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by pa-tients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 905, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 204 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF UNAPPROVED INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS BY PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 561A (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–0) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 561B. INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE PATIENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible patient’ means a pa-tient— ‘‘(A) who has been diagnosed with a life- threatening disease or condition (as defined in section 312.81 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations)); ‘‘(B) who has exhausted approved treat-ment options and is unable to participate in a clinical trial involving the eligible inves-tigational drug, as certified by a physician, who— ‘‘(i) is in good standing with the physi-cian’s licensing organization or board; and ‘‘(ii) will not be compensated directly by the manufacturer for so certifying; and ‘‘(C) who has provided to the treating phy-sician written informed consent regarding the eligible investigational drug, or, as ap-plicable, on whose behalf a legally author-ized representative of the patient has pro-vided such consent; ‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible investigational drug’ means an investigational drug (as such term is used in section 561)— ‘‘(A) for which a Phase 1 clinical trial has been completed; ‘‘(B) that has not been approved or licensed for any use under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(C)(i) for which an application has been filed under section 505(b) of this Act or sec-tion 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act; or ‘‘(ii) that is under investigation in a clin-ical trial that— ‘‘(I) is intended to form the primary basis of a claim of effectiveness in support of ap-proval or licensure under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act; and ‘‘(II) is the subject of an active investiga-tional new drug application under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable; and ‘‘(D) the active development or production of which is ongoing and has not been discon-tinued by the manufacturer or placed on clinical hold under section 505(i); and ‘‘(3) the term ‘phase 1 trial’ means a phase 1 clinical investigation of a drug as described in section 312.21 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(b) EXEMPTIONS .—Eligible investigational drugs provided to eligible patients in compli-ance with this section are exempt from sec-tions 502(f), 503(b)(4), 505(a), and 505(i) of this Act, section 351(a) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act, and parts 50, 56, and 312 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations), provided that the spon-sor of such eligible investigational drug or any person who manufactures, distributes, prescribes, dispenses, introduces or delivers for introduction into interstate commerce, or provides to an eligible patient an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this section is in compliance with the applicable require-ments set forth in sections 312.6, 312.7, and 312.8(d)(1) of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulations) that apply to investigational drugs. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF CLINICAL OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Public Health Service Act, or any other provision of Federal law, the Secretary may not use a clinical outcome associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this section to delay or adversely affect the review or approval of such drug under sec-tion 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary makes a determination, in accordance with paragraph (2), that use of such clinical outcome is critical to deter-mining the safety of the eligible investiga-tional drug; or ‘‘(B) the sponsor requests use of such out-comes. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—If the Secretary makes a determination under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall provide written notice of such determination to the sponsor, including a public health justification for such deter-mination, and such notice shall be made part of the administrative record. Such deter-mination shall not be delegated below the di-rector of the agency center that is charged with the premarket review of the eligible in-vestigational drug. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug shall submit to the Secretary an annual summary of any use of such drug under this section. The summary shall include the num-ber of doses supplied, the number of patients treated, the uses for which the drug was made available, and any known serious ad-verse events. The Secretary shall specify by regulation the deadline of submission of such annual summary and may amend section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.068 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4356 May 22, 2018 
312.33 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) to require the submission of such annual summary in con-junction with the annual report for an appli-cable investigational new drug application for such drug. ‘‘(2) P
OSTING OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall post an annual summary report of the use of this section on the internet website of the Food and Drug Administra-tion, including the number of drugs for which clinical outcomes associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug pursu-ant to this section was— ‘‘(A) used in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(B) used in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B); and ‘‘(C) not used in the review of an applica-tion under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act.’’. (b) N
OLIABILITY .— (1) A
LLEGED ACTS OR OMISSIONS .—With re- spect to any alleged act or omission with re-spect to an eligible investigational drug pro-vided to an eligible patient pursuant to sec-tion 561B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act and in compliance with such sec-tion, no liability in a cause of action shall lie against— (A) a sponsor or manufacturer; or (B) a prescriber, dispenser, or other indi-vidual entity (other than a sponsor or manu-facturer), unless the relevant conduct con-stitutes reckless or willful misconduct, gross negligence, or an intentional tort under any applicable State law. (2) D
ETERMINATION NOT TO PROVIDE DRUG .— No liability shall lie against a sponsor manu-facturer, prescriber, dispenser or other indi-vidual entity for its determination not to provide access to an eligible investigational drug under section 561B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. (3) L
IMITATION .—Except as set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to modify or other-wise affect the right of any person to bring a private action under any State or Federal product liability, tort, consumer protection, or warranty law. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that section 561B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, as added by section 2— (1) does not establish a new entitlement or modify an existing entitlement, or otherwise establish a positive right to any party or in-dividual; (2) does not establish any new mandates, directives, or additional regulations; (3) only expands the scope of individual lib-erty and agency among patients, in limited circumstances; (4) is consistent with, and will act as an al-ternative pathway alongside, existing ex-panded access policies of the Food and Drug Administration; (5) will not, and cannot, create a cure or ef-fective therapy where none exists; (6) recognizes that the eligible terminally ill patient population often consists of those patients with the highest risk of mortality, and use of experimental treatments under the criteria and procedure described in such section 561A involves an informed assump-tion of risk; and (7) establishes national standards and rules by which investigational drugs may be pro-vided to terminally ill patients. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) and the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to insert extra-neous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here in the people’s House, we reflect the will of the Amer-ican people. When the Right to Try Act is law in 40 States, it may no longer just be a grassroots movement. It is a call to action from Americans from coast to coast—many of the over 1 mil-lion Americans who die from a ter-minal illness every year—to return choice and control over treatment op-tions to where it is most effective: with the patient, with the doctor. Today, the House is taking up the Right to Try Act for the third time. But the reason we are here again de-bating this issue is because of the Sen-ate Democrats’ refusal to take up the revised right-to-try legislation that passed this House by a bipartisan vote 2 months ago. That revised bill, H.R. 5247, was more narrowly crafted than this version of S. 204. This version, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017, is before us today. S. 204 was au-thored by Senator R
ONJOHNSON of Wis-consin and passed by unanimous con-sent in the Senate last August. I think it is important, so let me take a moment to lay out the efforts by the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee since that time. First, the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, which I chair, held a hearing last October to consider right-to-try bills, including this bill, S. 204, where Members heard from Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, from patients and other groups that ei-ther support or oppose the concept of right to try. For several months, our committee engaged in conversations with pa-tients, advocates, the administration, particularly the Food and Drug Admin-istration, and stakeholders on all sides of this complex topic. Our aim was to open the door to in-novative, experimental drugs for ter-minally ill patients without nec-essarily compromising the vital work and mission of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. The product of that aim was H.R. 5247, the revised House right- to-try bill. Sadly, Senate Democrats said ‘‘thanks, but no thanks’’ to the House bill. Frankly, I am perplexed by their decision, because not a single Senate Democrat expressed any reservation when S. 204 passed their Chamber by unanimous consent last August. So House Republicans will show the American people that we hear you. We will act to deliver on a promise made by the President in this House before the joint session of the House and Sen-ate during the State of the Union ad-dress. He told us that we would pass the right-to-try legislation. Well, today, we are doing just that. You know, this was kind of a bold statement by the President, to stand up in the State of the Union and say that he wanted to sign this bill into law. So I am proud to boldly stand with him and stand with the American peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, we live in the greatest Nation in the world. An unprecedented amount of innovation and scientific breakthrough is the norm. We have in-novative treatments at our fingertips because of the valuable contributions of researchers in academia and the pri-vate sector. Despite these achievements, I still hear from patients with serious, life- threatening conditions, including con-stituents from north Texas, who re-main frustrated with the current regu-latory processes that prevent them from trying or experimenting with new therapies when everything else has failed them. As a physician, I understand that ac-cess to investigational drugs and thera-pies is a deeply personal priority for those seeking treatment for their loved ones with serious terminal conditions. To my friends on the other side of the dais in the committee and the aisle here in the House, I have a simple ques-tion: Why do you not want to allow these patients to exercise their right to fight for their future? Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 5247, the House right-to-try bill that currently remains in the Senate. However, the right-to-try legislation before the House today is the Senate bill, S. 204, so I am pleased that we are considering this right-to-try bill so that terminally ill patients have a chance, maybe a second chance, at life. These patients are our constituents. They could be someone we know. Let us take this opportunity to improve ac-cess to experimental treatments for them and give them renewed hope. S. 204 establishes an alternative pathway for terminally ill patients to access certain investigational drugs that have successfully completed a phase one clinical trial and have an ac-tive application at the Food and Drug Administration. They also must be under active development or produc-tion by the manufacturer. It is important to note that, for these patients, they have exhausted all FDA- approved treatment options and are unable to participate in a clinical trial involving these investigational drugs. The bill we will be voting out soon is about patients. It is about having more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.029 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4357 May 22, 2018 
time with their loved ones. In the words of Vice President M
IKEPENCE , ‘‘It’s about restoring hope and giving patients with life-threatening diseases a fighting chance.’’ With hundreds of thousands of Amer-icans with a terminal illness and their families looking for us to act, I urge Members of this House, the people’s House, to support restoring hope and giving them a fighting chance at life. I urge a vote in support of S. 204. Let us send this groundbreaking legislation to the President’s desk for his signa-ture, and let it become the law of the land. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to S. 204, the Federal Right to Try Act. This is dangerous legisla-tion that threatens FDA’s authority over ensuring that medical treatments are safe and effective. This bill need-lessly exposes vulnerable patients to the risks of unproven medications. b1600 We heard last night in the Rules Committee from my Republican col-leagues that we must accept and pass this legislation because the Senate is unable to pass a bill that passed the House earlier this year. That House bill was bad enough, but this Senate bill is much worse. I cannot fathom why my Republican colleagues are surrendering to the Senate and agreeing to pass a more dangerous version of the right-to- try legislation. The Senate bill, like the House bill, establishes an alternative pathway for experimental treatments that elimi-nates any review from the Food and Drug Administration and scientific and medical experts of an independent re-view board. This will provide fly-by- night physicians and clinics the oppor-tunity to peddle false hope and ineffec-tive drugs to desperate patients. At a hearing before our committee, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb cau-tioned that S. 204 risked ‘‘exposing peo-ple to unwanted side effects from ex-perimental therapies.’’ Now, supporters of this bill would have you believe that this legislation is targeted at those with terminal ill-nesses, but this is simply not the case. S. 204 would, in fact, apply to a much broader range of patients diagnosed with life-threatening diseases or condi-tions. And the term ‘‘life-threatening disease or condition’’ could include chronic and often manageable diseases, such as diabetes or chronic heart fail-ure. If all patients with diabetes and other chronic but manageable illnesses were eligible, it would greatly expand the scope of the legislation well beyond the scope of most State laws and FDA’s expanded access program. This exposes an even greater number of patients to risk and undermines our clinical trial program by diverting patients from trials that could support full approval to the alternate pathway. Commissioner Gottlieb also cau-tioned Congress that this legislation risked ‘‘undermining a regulatory proc-ess that has been carefully crafted over many years to strike a very careful balance.’’ The Commissioner noted that S. 204 would not subject all par-ticipants to the alternate pathway to critical regulatory requirements, such as labeling products as investigational, charging limitations, and restrictions on promotion and commercialization of such treatments. S. 204 could also impede the FDA from taking action against manufac-turers and others that violate other provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Under this bill, if a bad actor is not in compliance with good manufacturing practices or does not protect against intentional alter-ation—adulteration, I should say—or allows dishonest or misleading label-ing, the FDA will not be able to take any enforcement action. But, more importantly, Mr. Speaker, this Federal right-to-try bill simply is not necessary, in my opinion. FDA has an expanded access program and has an approval rate of nearly 100 percent. To be clear, FDA’s high approval rate is not just a rubberstamp for these ap-plications. Of the applications FDA re-ceives and approves, it also adjusts ap-plications for 11 percent of patients to improve patient safety protections. This could include modifying the dos-ing, strengthening informed consent, or improving safety monitoring. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dangerous treatments that might make their lives worse. Without this critical review, there will not be any oversight to ensure that pa-tients are not being taken advantage of or put in harm’s way. The main reason this bill is being pushed is to chip away at FDA’s au-thority to ensure the safety and effec-tiveness of our drugs. FDA oversight of access to experi-mental treatment exists for a reason: it protects patients from potentially snake oil salesmen or from experi-mental treatments that might do more harm than good. By removing the FDA oversight, you are counting on physicians and manu-facturers to serve as the gatekeeper and protector of our patients. I simply don’t buy that that is going to work. Supporters of this bill want to blind-ly believe that there are no bad actors out there, but imagine someone like Martin Shkreli promising a dying pa-tient a cure that could save their life. Under this bill, FDA would play no role in determining whether or not Martin Shkreli could provide that drug to that dying patient. If S. 204 is signed into law, patients will be taken advantage of and will be harmed. Bad actors exist, and this Re-publican bill gives them the oppor-tunity to prey on desperate people who are, understandably, looking for any treatment that may help save their lives. Now, let me also point out that the supporters of this bill claim to be help-ing desperate patients who are looking for hope. If this is such a patient-cen-tered bill, why does every major pa-tient organization overwhelmingly op-pose it? Where is the call from patients for this legislation? More than 100 patient organizations, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders, Friends of Cancer Research, and American Cancer Soci-ety Cancer Action Network, sent a let-ter to Congress just yesterday opposing this legislation. In the letter, they stated: ‘‘The Senate version of the leg-islation is less safe than the pathway proposed in the House version and is dangerous compared to the current ex-panded FDA access process.’’ Four former FDA Commissioners from both parties also oppose this Re-publican legislation, noting: ‘‘There is no evidence that either bill’’—that is the House or the Senate—‘‘would meaningfully improve access for pa-tients, but both would remove the FDA from the process and create a dan-gerous precedent that would erode pro-tections for vulnerable patients.’’ Mr. Speaker, S. 204, I know, is a key agenda item for the President and the Vice President; but I think it is dan-gerous for our patients, and it is an un-precedented attempt to roll back FDA’s oversight of investigational treatments. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with more than 100 organizations that have come forward to oppose this misguided and, I believe, harmful legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, today represents the third time this year that the House has considered legisla-tion to deliver hope to patients who are battling terminal diseases. Twice al-ready, a bipartisan majority of Mem-bers has supported increasing patient access to investigational drugs through a new pathway outside of the existing expanded access program, and the bill before us today is deserving of that same support. Thirty-nine States have right-to-try laws, including my home State of Or-egon. While the State policies vary, they have a common goal: helping vul-nerable patients. President Trump praised the movement during the State of the Union. He said: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance here at home.’’ Those are the President’s words. Since this time, he has contin-ued to feverishly advocate for this leg-islation. For today’s debate, I believe it is im-portant to understand that it is both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.071 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4358 May 22, 2018 
the background of this issue as well as the politics that have brought us back to this floor. Today, there is an existing process for patients to access unapproved drugs. The FDA oversees the expanded access program, commonly known as compassionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients access experimental or investigative drugs. As I previously said before in this Chamber, Commissioner Gottlieb and the agency should be commended for their continued work to improve the expanded access program for patients. To improve this successful program, the bill this Chamber previously passed provides liability protections for man-ufacturers, sponsors, physicians, clin-ical investigators, and hospitals that participate in the existing expanded access program and the new alter-native pathway created under the leg-islation. That provision removes one of the biggest hurdles patients face, as identified by the Government Account-ability Office, in gaining access to ex-perimental therapies: manufacturer hesitancy to participate. That is the obstacle. That same bill creates a new alternative pathway for patients who do not qualify for a clinical trial. It is my view that the House-passed bill strengthens patient protections with clearer informed consent and ad-verse event reporting. The bill also en-sures that the FDA is notified when a patient receives an unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure proper oversight. But when a strong bipartisan major-ity of this Chamber, of the U.S. House of Representatives, Mr. Speaker, deliv-ered for patients and answered Presi-dent Trump’s call to give Americans the right to try, leaders in the Senate on the other side of the aisle objected, blocking terminally ill patients from increasing access to investigational drugs. But we will not allow them to play politics to delay this effort any longer. That is why we are here today. Mr. Speaker, across our great coun-try, men, women, children, and parents are desperately seeking a beacon of hope, and the Senate bill we have be-fore us today will provide it. Mr. Speaker, I thank President Trump and Vice President P
ENCE for continuing to weigh in on this impor-tant issue; and the sponsors of past and current legislation, including Senator J
OHNSON and Representatives F
ITZPATRICK and B IGGS, who are here with us today. They have all been tire-less in their advocacy and their efforts for this worthy cause. I am glad to see that, together, we are once again going to deliver. But, most importantly, I would like to acknowledge the individuals this bill is named after: Trickett, Frank, Jordan, and Matthew. Jordan was here on the House floor the first time we considered right-to-try legislation, and Matthew testified at our hearing last fall. Jordan is back with us today. It is through their advocacy and hope to find a treatment or a cure that we have this chance to give patients the right to try. Mr. Speaker, it is time for the House to do what the entire United States Senate did and pass this legislation. It is time to send a right-to-try bill to President Trump’s desk, where he is eager to sign it. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ), the vice ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his leadership and for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, S. 204 is harmful legis-lation that offers a false hope of access to investigational therapies and endan-gers patients who have serious and life- threatening diseases. The bill estab-lishes a dangerous and unnecessary al-ternative pathway that is void of any FDA review or oversight. It is opposed overwhelmingly by the patient commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter to the Speaker and minority leader from 104 patient advocacy groups. It includes such groups as the American Cancer Society Cancer Ac-tion Network, the American Lung As-sociation, the Cystic Fibrosis Founda-tion—all opposed to this bill—the Leu-kemia & Lymphoma Society, and about 100 more. 
MAY21, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. The Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The undersigned organizations collectively represent millions of patients with serious and life-threatening diseases. We write to ex-press our strong opposition to the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act (S. 204). On March 21st, The House of Representa-tives passed a version of the Right to Try Act (H.R. 5247), that incorporated important patient safeguards such as more robust in-formed consent and public reporting require-ments, additional Food and Drug Adminis-tration (FDA) oversight, and a narrower defi-nition of eligibility for this pathway. The Senate version does not include these safe-guards and therefore could greatly increase the likelihood of our patients being harmed by unsafe and ineffective experimental therapies. Therefore, this version is substan-tially worse for patients. We reiterate our concern with creating a secondary pathway for accessing investiga-tional therapies outside of clinical trials. This pathway removes FDA approval and consultation and would not increase access to promising therapies for our patients be-cause it does not address the primary bar-riers to access. FDA’s expanded access program, though imperfect, facilitates access to investiga-tional therapies for over a thousand patients facing serious and life-threatening condi-tions each year. FDA repeatedly approves over 99 percent of requests while sometimes making important dosing and safety im-provements to proposed expanded use. Con-versely, it is often times the pharmaceutical company that denies access to its investiga-tional therapy outside of its clinical trials for any number of reasons. The Senate version of the legislation is less safe than the pathway proposed in the House version and is dangerous compared to the current expanded access process. The Senate’s bill would allow unproven therapies to be given to patients without FDA notifi-cation for up to a full year and would not es-tablish any standards for informed consent. Additionally, both versions prohibit FDA from halting access to these experimental therapies short of placing a clinical hold on all clinical research on the therapy in ques-tion. Both House and Senate versions would also remove FDA’s consultation on dosing, route of administration, dosing schedule, and other important safety measures available under FDA’s current expanded access pro-gram. While we did not support the recent House passed version of this legislation, the House legislation includes improved patient safe-guards compared to the Senate version. The Senate version would negatively impact pa-tient safety substantially, and our collective organizations are strongly opposed. We ap-preciate past efforts in the House to consider stakeholder perspectives and desire to con-tinue the dialogue, but returning to the Sen-ate version is simply not the way forward. Sincerely, A Twist of Fate-ATS; ADNP Kids Research Foundation; Adult Polyglucosan Body Dis-ease Research Foundation; AIDS Action Bal-timore; Alliance for Aging Research; Alli-ance of Dedicated Cancer Centers; American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network; American Lung Association; American Soci-ety of Clinical Oncology; American Syringomyelia and Chiari Alliance Project; Amyloidosis Support Groups; APS Type 1 Foundation; Association for Creatine Defi-ciencies; Association of American Medical Colleges; Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation; Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation; Bridge the Gap- SYNGAP Education and Research Founda-tion; CancerCare; Charlotte and Gwenyth Gray Foundation to Cure Batten Disease; Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation. Congenital Hyperinsulinism International; cureCADASIL; CurePSP; Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation; Cystic Fibrosis Foundation; Defeat MSA; The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation; The Disability Rights Legal Center; Dupl5q Alliance; Dysautonomia Foundation; Dyskeratosis Congenita Outreach, Inc.; Equal Access for Rare Disorders; Fight Colorectal Cancer; FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empow-ered; Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance (FARA); Friends of Cancer Research; The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Dis-orders; Glutl Deficiency Foundation; The Guthy-Jackson Charitable Foundation; He-mophilia Federation of America. HLRCC Family Alliance; Hope for Hypo-thalamic Hamartomas; Hyper IgM Founda-tion, Inc.; Incontinentia Pigmenti Inter-national Foundation; Indian Organization for Rare Disorders; International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association; International Myeloma Founda-tion; International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation; International Soci-ety for Stem Cell Research; International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Founda-tion (IWMF); The Isaac Foundation; Jack McGovern Coats’ Disease Foundation; The LAM Foundation; The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society; Li-Fraumeni Syndrome Association (LFS Association/LFSA); LUNGevity Foundation; Lymphangiomatosis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.073 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4359 May 22, 2018 
& Gorham’s Disease Alliance; M-CM Net-work; Mattie Miracle Cancer Foundation; MitoAction. MLD Foundation; Moebius Syndrome Foundation; The MSA Awareness Shoe; Mucolipidosis Type IV Foundation; The Mye-lin Project; Myotonic Dystrophy Founda-tion; National Brain Tumor Society; Na-tional Comprehensive Cancer Network; Na-tional Consumers League; National Health Council; National MPS Society; National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation; National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD); Na-tional Patient Advocate Foundation; Na-tional PKU Alliance; National PKU News; Neurofibromatosis Northeast; The Oley Foundation; Operation ASHA; Organic Aci-demia Association. PSC Partners Seeking a Cure; Platelet Dis-order Support Association; PRP Alliance, Inc.; Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation; Rare and Undiagnosed Network (RUN); Rothmund-Thomson Syndrome Foundation; The Snyder-Robinson Foundation; Sofia Sees Hope; SSADH Association; Susan G. Komen; TargetCancer Foundation; Tarlov Cyst Dis-ease Foundation; Team Audrey; Treatment Action Group; The Turner Syndrome Soci-ety; United Leukodystrophy Foundation; United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation (UMDF); Vasculitis Foundation; Veterans Health Council; Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica; VHL Alliance; Wilhelm Foundation; Worldwide Syringomyelia & Chiari Task Force; The XLH Network, Inc. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a bill in search of a problem. FDA has approved 99 percent of the ex-panded access requests it receives. FDA’s expanded access program ap-proves nearly all requests for inves-tigational drugs or biologics it re-ceives. Physicians at the FDA are available 24 hours a day to approve any emer-gency expanded access requests that the agency receives, and it typically grants those emergency requests im-mediately over the phone and non-emergency requests in a median time of 4 days and generally no longer than 30 days. FDA has also taken actions to streamline this entire process. The process of clinical trials at FDA is vital to the protection of the health of all of our neighbors and the folks we represent. In 11 percent of expanded ac-cess applications, FDA has raised a red flag and said: Do you know what? You have got to change this. That is who we are trying to protect here: the actual patients. The patient groups across the country agree with us. Many States have tinkered with right-to-try laws, but this is different. Forty States have enacted right-to-try laws, but there is no evidence that any-one has obtained the type of therapy via these laws that couldn’t have been obtained through the FDA’s expanded access program. Right-to-try laws do not compel com-panies to provide patient access to these treatments. Therefore, under these laws, patients still do not have a right to try, only the right to request it from the company. Sometimes those insurance compa-nies will say: Do you know what? We are not going to pay for it. So that is going to be another bar-rier. Mr. Speaker, in the end, these right- to-try laws put patients at higher risk by prohibiting and weakening the FDA oversight, leaving our neighbors on the hook to cover the cost of unproven treatments. For all of these reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill. Join with the pa-tient advocates across America, who, in this letter, called this a dangerous proposal. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), the vice chairman of the full committee and chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee. (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, when I was a little boy, I used to read comic books, and one of them I read was Su-perman. In the Superman comic books, way back in the 1960s, Superman had an alterego that lived on Bizarro World. b1615 In Bizarro World, everything was a little bit off-kilter. When I listen to my sincerely good friends on the minority side, I think they are on Bizarro World. I know they mean well, but they are not seeing the same planet I am seeing. I have told this story a number of times about my brother John at the age of 40 having liver cancer. He had exhausted all conventional therapy. He was given less than 3 months to live. Being a Member of Congress and on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I had access to the National Institutes of Health and the FDA. I called, and I said: Are there any experimental pro-grams that you could get my brother into that might help him? They checked, and they had a clin-ical trial, I believe, in San Antonio, Texas. We called down, and they got him into it. But they told him: This is experimental. It has helped a lot of people so far, but it doesn’t help every-body. And if it doesn’t help you, it ac-celerates your disease. He and his wife prayed about it, and his mother and myself and his brother and sister, and we all decided, why not? They put John in the trial, and it didn’t help him, but we were at peace because we had used every available remedy that we could to try to help him. This bill—which has passed the Sen-ate, and if we pass it today, it goes to the President and it is going to be signed this week—gives patients, if their doctors approve, the right to try. It has to be an investigational drug that is in an FDA clinical trial that has passed phase one, which has proved that it is nontoxic. It gives them the right to try. There is no downside to this. This could be-come law. It would give a statutory right to try at the Federal level. Why in the world my friends on the minority side have a problem with—it passed the Senate unanimously, which means, under the current Senate, 49 Democrats voted for it by a voice vote. There is no downside to it. The FDA is still in control of what drugs are passed through this phase one clinical trial. And the doctor has to recommend it, and the patient has to accept it. So I hope we will vote ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, the bill has already passed the House on a bi-partisan vote. I think I am right that it passed with 261 votes the last time we sent it. The House bill is a little bit better bill than the Senate, but the Senate bill is better than no bill. So please vote ‘‘yes’’ when the time comes this afternoon. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the Members of the House for talking about this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 204, the Right to Try Act. I don’t agree with my friend from Texas that there is no downside, and I will go over that here in these 2 minutes. The House took up this issue before, and I voted against it then. This version is worse, so of course I am going to oppose it. It would weaken the FDA’s authority and provide broad access to unproven treatments. The FDA’s oversight of ex-perimental treatment plays a critical role in protecting patients from bad ac-tors with malicious intent or from drugs that are grossly untested. The FDA’s oversight protections protect patients from experimental treatments that might do more harm than good. Chipping away at the FDA’s author-ity would put patients in my district and around the country in great danger by providing liability protections for manufacturers and weaken the FDA’s oversight ability. This legislation would leave patients with no recourse in the case of harmful side effects. This legislation is even more flawed, as I said, than the House bill that I voted against back in March. Like the earlier bill, the Senate bill contains the same dangerous, unnecessary path-ways to experimental treatments, but it exposes a much larger number of pa-tients to serious risk—not just ter-minal patients, but patients that would like to try something that is not even tested. In fact, it is so broad, that it exposes patients of all chronic condi-tions to the risk of experimental treat-ments. More than 100 major patient safety groups have voiced their strong opposi-tion to this bill. Moreover, this bill is not even nec-essary. The FDA has an expedited ap-proval process for terminal patients. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.033 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4360 May 22, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand up for patient safety and vote against this flawed legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a valuable member of the Health Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 204, the Right to Try Act, because this legislation will enhance access to potentially lifesaving treatments for patients with terminal diseases or con-ditions. Currently, patients can only receive drugs that are undergoing FDA clinical trials through compassionate use or ex-panded access. At this time, patients and their physicians can acquire unap-proved treatments through the FDA, not directly through the drug sponsor. This critical legislation would estab-lish informed consent for patients to access unapproved drugs that could save their lives. This bill still guards patients from manufacturers misbranding or mislabeling drugs and specifies that any unapproved drug used in the new alternative pathway must have an ac-tive application that is not the subject of a clinical hold. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Speaker and the majority leader for recognizing the importance of right-to- try legislation and making sure that we fulfill our duty to patients looking for any chance to survive deadly condi-tions. This is a great step forward toward ensuring our patients get to take ad-vantage of the incredible pharma-ceutical therapies that are being re-searched and developed in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the so-called Right to Try Act. This ideologically driven legislation is trying to solve a problem that sim-ply doesn’t exist. Every single Member of this body supports allowing terminally ill indi-viduals to seek access to experimental treatments that could be potentially lifesaving. However, we have to do so in a structured way that won’t under-mine the role of the FDA in guaran-teeing that the medications we all use are safe and are effective. I believe the FDA’s current expanded access program meets that test by en-suring proper informed consent and ad-verse event reporting and establishes the appropriate safeguards around ac-cess to experimental drugs. The legislation before us would take the FDA out of the process completely and would allow a black market of snake oil salesmen to emerge, with un-scrupulous companies selling untested drugs to a broad array of individuals, including those with manageable chronic conditions like diabetes. Make no mistake about it: this legis-lation offers false hope to seriously ill individuals and will put patients at risk. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, before giv-ing my remarks, I include in the R
ECORD a statement by Senator J OHN-
SONexplaining the intent of S. 204. 
STATEMENT OF LEGISLATIVE INTENT  (By Sen. Ron Johnson on S. 204 (as considered by the House of Representatives)) In a recent article about pending right to try legislation, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb was quoted as saying: ‘‘In terms of making sure that it balances [access to ex-perimental drugs] against appropriate pa-tient protections . . . with [S. 204], we’d have to do a little bit more . . . in guidance and perhaps in regulation to achieve some of those goals, and I think those are the goals that Congress wants us to achieve.’’ The ar-ticle went on to quote Commissioner Gott-lieb as saying: ‘‘We felt that there were cer-tain aspects of [S. 204] that could be modified to build in additional patient protections, but if you weren’t able to do that legisla-tively, that there [was] a pathway by which you do that administratively and still re-main consistent with the letter and the spir-it of this law.’’ In response to this article, Commissioner Gottlieb tweeted the ‘‘FDA . . . stands ready to implement [right to try] in a way con-sistent with the intent of Congress.’’ As S. 204’s primary author and lead spon-sor, I want to make this legislation’s intent absolutely clear and remove any ambiguity that the FDA could use to implement right to try in a way contrary to its aim. S. 204, as originally introduced, applied to patients ‘‘with a terminal illness,’’ as defined by State law. In discussion with the FDA, the agency suggested it would prefer a uni-form federal definition, especially one that already existed in federal statute or regula-tion, because an existing federal definition would facilitate implementation of the law. The FDA suggested defining terminal illness as an ‘‘immediately life-threatening disease or condition.’’ The FDA disclosed that its suggested definition would exclude, for ex-ample, patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy—an illness explicitly intended to be covered by the legislation. To be clear, I rejected this proposed defini-tion because I believed it would inappropri-ately exclude patients with certain diseases from accessing treatments. By contrast, the legislation instead defines terminal illness as ‘‘life-threatening disease or condition’’ (which exists in current federal regulation), which the FDA confirmed would include pa-tients diagnosed with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Contrary to the preference of FDA official Dr. Janet Woodcock, who expressed the FDA’s desire to draft the legislation ‘‘to make sure we don’t include patients we (the FDA) doesn’t intend to include,’’ I replied and rejected that notion by stating my in-tent was completely opposite hers: ‘‘I wanted to make sure we didn’t exclude any one we didn’t intend to exclude.’’ My aim from the beginning was to be as inclu-sive as possible such that as many patients as possible who are facing no available alter-natives could potentially qualify. S. 204 is fundamentally about empowering terminally-ill patients and their doctors who, together with the cooperation of the de-velopers of potentially life-saving therapies, should be in charge of making a determina-tion about their own course of treatment. The bill is not intended to further empower any federal agency, including the FDA, to limit in any way the ability of an individual facing a life-threatening disease or condition from accessing treatment. S. 204 is about preserving a right to hope and about expand-ing individual freedom. It is not meant to empower the FDA to limit the right to hope by regulation or guidance. S. 204 includes a provision ensuring the Secretary may not use a clinical outcome as-sociated with the use of an eligible inves-tigational drug to delay or adversely affect review or approval of the drugs, unless use of such clinical outcome is critical to deter-mining safety. This language is in no way in-tended to enable the FDA to expand the scope of existing safety determinations re-garding investigational drugs. S. 204 requires, in certain circumstances, that an eligible investigational drug be under investigation in a clinical trial that is intended to form the primary basis of a claim of effectiveness in support of approval or licensure. According to the FDA, this lan-guage simply incorporates the standard defi-nition of a clinical trial. This language is not in any way intended to enable the FDA to exclude any clinical trial as a basis for pre-cluding access to treatments under right to try. 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Right to Try Act and on behalf of the patients who are fighting each and every day to try to save their own lives. It has been a long ride, but we are in sight of our destination. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a brief moment to thank my friend and colleague, Representative F
ITZPATRICK , for working with me on this cause from the moment we both entered office last year, and to extend my appreciation to Senator J
OHNSON , whose efforts on be-half of right to try have been extraor-dinary. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Chairman W
ALDEN for his efforts and the leader-ship of President Trump and Vice President P
ENCE . Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge and thank my predecessor, Congressman Matt Salmon, for his tireless efforts to pass right to try. But it is the patients themselves and their tireless advocates who deserve the most recognition. I have said this before and I will continue to say it: when the Right to Try Act passes this Chamber and is signed into law by the President, it will be them, not us, who deserve the most credit for this re-markable victory. Everyone here has heard me speak about the Right to Try Act more than a few times already and everyone here is aware of the widespread support that this legislation has garnered. Forty States have already passed right-to-try legislation, often with unanimous or overwhelming support from Repub-licans and Democrats alike. If we can’t come together to support a commonsense cause such as this one, I am not sure what effort we can unite behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.075 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4361 May 22, 2018 
Those on the other side of this de-bate—and they are a shrinking minor-ity—argue that this legislation is un-necessary. Well, if it is so unnecessary, why do I receive phone calls and letters from patients each week urging me to do everything in my power to get this legislation passed? I have no doubt the FDA’s expanded access program helps patients, but I also know that the agency’s personnel, including Director Gottlieb himself, want to help as many patients as pos-sible, but their efforts simply are not enough. The Right to Try Act doesn’t elimi-nate the expanded access program. Far from it. We are merely providing an-other, more direct avenue for patients to acquire potentially lifesaving medi-cations from pharmaceutical compa-nies that don’t require them to ask permission from a bureaucratic middle-man. Another argument I hear from the naysayers, one that makes me angry, is that we are peddling false hope. False hope? What is that? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, to this tired argument, I respond that there is no such thing as false hope. You either have hope or you don’t. I, for one, want those brave men and women who are fighting every day against terrible illnesses and almost insurmountable odds to have a choice, even if it is the last choice many of them will ever have the opportunity to make. I trust them to weigh the pros and cons and choose for themselves whether they wish to take a risk to try to save their own lives. Make no mistake: it is a choice. We are not offering a mandate, merely an option. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legisla-tion. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to respond briefly to the previous speaker on the Republican side. I don’t understand how the gen-tleman can say that the expanded ac-cess program will continue even under right to try. The problem is, sure, on paper it will continue, but there wouldn’t be any reason for anyone to go to the FDA. If the FDA is now out of the picture and all you have to do is find somebody who manufactures a drug or treatment and get the doctor to say, ‘‘Okay, I will administer it,’’ then you don’t need to go to the expanded access program. You see, the problem is that the gen-tleman assumes that people will go to the FDA and they will know that the expanded access program exists. I think the very nature of this legisla-tion, which basically says that you don’t have to go to the FDA, is going to mean that people won’t even know that that is an option. And if they can get somebody to give them the drug without going to the FDA, they will just do it. Let me just say this. I know the gen-tleman referred to the FDA’s bureau-crats. I guess you could say that the people at the FDA are bureaucrats, but the FDA existed because, for many years before then, in the 19th century and early 20th century, all kinds of snake oil and things were advertised and promoted in the papers and in magazines, saying that this is going to cure that, this is going to cure that, and people demanded that there be some kind of Federal oversight as to whether drugs or treatments actually are effective, whether they have harm, whether they are toxic. That is why the FDA was started. So I guess I just don’t understand, be-cause the bottom line is there is very little evidence that there is any signifi-cant number of people who are denied treatment or drugs because of the ex-panded access program. At least then they know that some agency has looked at this to see whether it is harmful, whether it has some negative impact. The great concern that those of us on the other side of this issue have is that without the FDA, there is no guarantee that what somebody gets as a form of treatment is actually going to be meaningful, not be harmful. So I don’t want to prolong my re-sponse to the gentleman, but I do think that you have to understand that those of us on this side of the aisle actually think that the FDA has a purpose and actually performs an important func-tion, and I don’t think we should deny that. I think it is unfortunate that there are those who think that some-how the FDA is not doing its job. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), another principal author of the bill. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today is long overdue; long, long over-due. I want to thank Leader M
CCAR-
THY, Chairman W ALDEN , Dr. B URGESS , Mr. G
RIFFITH , my friend and colleague, A
NDYBIGGS, Senator R ONJOHNSON , and all of the advocates who have had a re-lentless fight to see right to try de-bated, passed, and signed into law once and for all. And I want to thank the over-whelming bipartisan majority of my colleagues here in the House who we had to work on, many of them, back in March, who supported the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act and proved emphatically that right to try is about more than poli-tics. It is about hope. For those patients caught in between traditional drug delay approvals, a clinical trial process for which they do not qualify, and limited time, the Right to Try Act. Simply establishes the freedom for patients and their doctors to try thera-pies where the benefits far outweigh the risks. It gives them the option of saving their life. Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge the Wendler, Bellina, Mongiello, McLinn families, all who are here with us in this Chamber today to see history be made. Although the FDA has a program that allows terminal patients to apply for early access to promising treat-ments, the Right to Try Act is needed because the FDA’s compassionate use process does not help enough people. While 99 percent of expanded access applications are approved, the applica-tion process is complicated, it is time consuming, and it is expensive. Moreover, only about 1,200 people a year can make it through the applica-tion process. By contrast, Mr. Speaker, in 2014, more than 12,000 people in France were using investigational treatments through that government’s equivalent program. How is it, pray tell, that a country one-fifth the size of the United States can help 900 percent more people? The FDA program clearly is not working. Mr. Speaker, the Right to Try Act gives people hope. And let me be clear: This bill requires robust informed con-sent between the patient, the doctor, and the manufacturer, while requiring notification be given to the FDA after an unapproved drug becomes available to an eligible patient, and requiring doctors and the manufacturers to re-port adverse events. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, when life hangs in the balance, the Federal Government must not stand in the way of this process. We have to get this done once and for all. Mr. Speaker, today, I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle, ap-peal to the better angels of your na-ture. All the groups that they say are opposed to this bill, I will tell you who is in favor of this bill: Over 80 percent of the American people, and they are the ones who have the power in this country, and they are the ones we have to listen to. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to respond to the previous Republican speaker. He made three comments that disturb me. One, he said that people should be able to try things, try the drugs or the treatment, when the benefits outweigh the risks. But how are they going to know that when the FDA isn’t in-volved? When the FDA goes through various phases of clinical trial, not only phase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.077 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4362 May 22, 2018 
one, which determines whether some-thing is toxic, but beyond, to deter-mine whether it is effective or whether it has harmful effects, then you do know. The FDA basically will tell you: Yes, the benefits outweigh the risk, and that is why we have an approval process in general for drugs, and that is why we have the expanded access, so that the FDA can look at it and say: Okay. Maybe you are going to risk this, but we want to make sure that you have some protection. The gentleman said that the FDA process is complicated or time con-suming. First of all, there is an emer-gency process where you can simply get on the phone or the doctor gets on the phone, and within 24 hours you can be approved. But on the other hand, if it is not an emergency, the average approval time is 4 days. So I don’t know how he can say that this is time consuming. And then the last thing he said is that there is consent, that the doctors and the manufacturers have to agree. But who is going to enforce this? Right now, because the FDA has to go through the expanded access proc-ess, the FDA has the enforcement. They can say: We are going to grant this; we are not; we are going to pro-vide some safety or other protections. But if the doctor and some fly-by- night manufacturer decide that they want to give you this drug or treat-ment, who is going to enforce that? How do we know that the doctor is le-gitimate? How do we know that the manufacturer is not selling snake oil? Once the FDA is out of the picture, there is no way for the patient to know whether the doctor is unscrupulous, whether the manufacturer is unscrupu-lous. There is no review. There is no enforcement whatsoever. So, again, this is the problem once you take the FDA out. I understand there are some that don’t like the FDA, don’t think maybe they should be involved. But in the absence of the FDA, I don’t know how you possibly could know whether this thing is going to help you, whether the benefits out-weigh the risk, whether there is a bad actor involved, either with the doctor or the manufacturer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I want to read from the Statement of Administration Policy that was put out by the Executive Of-fice of the President. The last paragraph: Since the late 1980s, the Food and Drug Administration has facilitated access to investigational drugs, de-vices, and biological products for the treatment of seriously ill patients. Families in these situations have sometimes found this process chal-lenging, and the Food and Drug Admin-istration is constantly striving to make improvements to its expanded access program. Some patients and their families, however, still have chal-lenges accessing investigational treat-ments. The administration believes that the treatment decisions for those facing terminal illnesses are best made by the patients with the support and the guidance of their treating physi-cians. This legislation will advance those principles. Mr. Speaker, that is from the State-ment of Administration Policy, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want my colleagues on the other side to understand why so many of us over here have been so upset by this proposal today. As I think I said before, the House bill was bad enough. The Senate bill is worse for at least two reasons. One is our concern, on the one hand, that rather than these drugs or treat-ments without FDA approval would be handed to just terminally ill patients, that the Senate bill says that it would apply to people who have life-threat-ening situations. And the FDA and the commissioner of the FDA have stated quite clearly that they are concerned about the ex-pansion from terminal to life-threat-ening, because it could be that people who have diseases like diabetes, severe diabetes, or chronic heart disease, for example, could make the argument that their situation is life-threatening, and, therefore, they can go and get these experimental drugs without FDA approval. So that is a huge loophole that is very disconcerting. The second thing is that the prohibi-tion, if you will, on promotional activ-ity with these investigational drugs is taken out by the Senate bill. So the worst thing of all, we talk about snake oil and advertising, is now is some unscrupulous doctor or manu-facturer now going to promote this and say: Well, if you take this, this may save your life? So that is why the Senate bill is worse. But I want to go back to the whole idea. The problem that I have with all this is that once you take out the FDA, and the FDA is not involved anymore, the way this bill is set up, how do I know, if I am the patient and I hear from some doctor or through some pro-motion or whatever, that there is something that might help me, and I am desperate, how do I know that the doctor that I go to or the manufacturer who is promoting this drug, that this is actually not a bad actor, not somebody who is taking advantage of the situa-tion because there is no FDA approval? In other words, who is going to deter-mine whether this person’s life is threatened or whether they are termi-nally ill? There is no FDA. Who deter-mines that? Who is going to determine whether this drug has any effectiveness at all? Well, some of my Republican col-leagues say: Well, it has to go through phase one, but phase one clinical trials could have 20 or 30 people. They are sometimes very small. The FDA doesn’t really have any ability to control those clinical trials. Sure, they have some oversight over clinical trials, but there are clinical trials that take place all over the coun-try with very few people, and some-times the drug manufacturers who are experimenting with these trials, with these small groups, are not necessarily known manufacturers or large ones that we know will be safeguarding these drugs or treatments. So I just think the problem is, when we talk about snake oil and bad actors, it is almost as if the Republicans as-sume there are no bad actors. Because if you assume that there are, which I do, and there are bad actors who are going to promote something that is not going to be effective or is going to harm somebody, and that there is a manufacturer who is not someone we know, who is going to de-termine whether or not they are a bad actor or what they are doing? You need to have some kind of en-forcement. You need to have somebody who is supervising this. Otherwise, it is any man for himself decides: I will try this drug. It went through phase one. Maybe it is not toxic. So I really worry that this debate on the other side of the aisle is not taking into consideration that there always are going to be people who want to take advantage of the situation and sell something that they are going to make a buck on that is not necessarily going to have any real oversight in this situation. So that is my fear. That is my funda-mental fear about this bill, that these situations are going to arise, nobody is going to be in charge, nobody is going to know what is going on, and then the person is going to either die earlier or have some awful impact, and then they are going to say: Oh, how come the FDA didn’t approve it? Or maybe they are going to assume the FDA approved it, and there is no FDA. They are gone. Mr. Speaker, in any case, I would urge my colleagues to oppose what I consider very harmful legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, on January 30 of this year, the President of the United States came to this House and ad-dressed a joint session of the House and Senate in the State of the Union ad-dress, and he said, right from that po-dium, ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance right here at home. It is time for Congress to give these wonder-ful Americans the right to try.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t say it any better than the President has already put it. The Right to Try Act is before us. It is a good bill. The House needs to support it, and it will go to the Presi-dent for his signature. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.078 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4363 May 22, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, this proposed ‘‘Right to Try’’ legislation will make it possible for bad actors to take advantage of desperate families. The pill would allow companies to com-pletely circumvent the FDA if they claim to have a new drug or cure for a patient. And it dogs not require the doctor or the company to even report to FDA, so we will have no way of knowing who is trying which experimental drug. This legislation really does encourage snake oil salesmen. Currently, legitimate companies may have new experimental drugs that have not yet been approved, but that could be helpful for patients who have no other options . . . but this bill is not limited to that situation. And, FDA does have an existing process to allow for patients with life-threatening conditions to try experimental drugs before they are ap-proved. And, this bill is not limited only to patients with a life-threatening condition. FDA has testi-fied that the process under this bill would be available much more broadly to patients with chronic conditions such as diabetes. That is a large population with a condition that is managed with currently available treat-ments. Under this bill, bad actors could see the dollar signs to market ineffective drugs to these patients. The bill before us today does not require FDA or Institutional Review Boards (or IRB’s) to review any request for experimental ther-apy, and rescinds any requirement to report adverse effects of a drug immediately. This means that if someone loses their eye-sight or dies from taking an unproven experi-mental treatment, then no one is required to report it immediately. This puts other patients taking the same drug in danger. Additionally, if a patient does have a suc-cess with a drug, but it is not reported or con-sidered in a clinical trial, that success will not translate to other patients that could be saved by the treatment. I am also incredibly concerned that in 19 states, taking experimental treatment will re-sult in the loss of people’s hospice care, and in 4 states it will result in the loss of their in-surance, completely. To rake matters worse, this legislation does not stipulate that patients must be informed of this loss of coverage or hospice coverage in advance. This legislation, therefore, puts patients’ care network, financial stability, and safety at risk—without any legal recourse. If we open this loophole, a surge of bad ac-tors who may claim to have experimental drug therapies could make money peddling dan-gerous therapies to unsuspecting patients with no system of oversight, safety, and account-ability. The unfortunate victims will be families and their loved ones. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 204, the so-called ‘‘Right to Try’’ bill that offers false hope for pa-tients and families while circumventing FDA’s role in overseeing drugs. Two months ago, our chamber debated the House Republican version of this legislation, H.R. 5247. I spoke out in opposition to that bill due to my serious concerns over the lack of oversight and protections for terminally ill pa-tients and their families, particularly by exclud-ing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration from any role in ensuring the safety and effi-cacy of experimental therapies. Instead of addressing our concerns, the Ma-jority has double-downed on this unnecessary legislation with an even broader proposal that would expose a great number of patients to unproven medical treatments and unwanted side effects. S. 204 eliminates critical patient protections, such as a review by a third party of clinical protocols and informed consent, and elimi-nates the requirement that treating physicians and manufacturers report adverse events to the FDA in real time. Under this legislation, insurers and pharma-ceutical companies are not required to cover the cost, or reduce the cost, of these often-ex-pensive treatments—meaning the full cost of these experimental drugs would fall on pa-tients and their families. All the while, we already have a proven Right-to-Try system already in place through the FDA. This program, popularly known as Compassionate Use, has been helping seri-ously ill Americans have access to experi-mental therapies still under clinical trials for 31 years. FDA approves nearly all requests for inves-tigational drugs. For the past five years, FDA’s approval rate for expanded access requests is over 99 percent. In fact, FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day to approve emer-gency requests. My daughter, an infectious disease expert at the University of Nebraska, used FDA’s Com-passionate Use pathway to provide an experi-mental therapy for an American missionary who had contracted ebola while in Africa in 2014. FDA approved the request for the ex-perimental treatment over the telephone in less than 24 hours. The new pathway created in S. 204 is not necessary and, in fact, may well endanger the health and safety of seriously ill patients by bypassing FDA’s oversight and expertise. This is an unnecessary and dangerous bill that offers false hope to seriously ill patients and families. I ask my colleague to oppose this legislation and work with me to advance proven measures that will help Americans fac-ing life-threatening diseases. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Schakowsky moves to recommit the bill S. 204 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Strike all after section 1 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 2. USE OF UNAPPROVED INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS BY PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 561A (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–0) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 561B. ELIGIBLE INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE PATIENTS. 
‘‘(a) U SE OF CLINICAL OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue guidance describing the Secretary’s consid-eration and evaluation, for purposes of the review of, and decision on whether to ap-prove, a marketing application under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act for an eligible investiga-tional drug, of clinical outcomes associated with the provision by a sponsor or manufac-turer of such drug under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561. Such guidance shall address— ‘‘(A) specific instances in which the Sec-retary will determine that the public health requires such consideration and evaluation; ‘‘(B) specific instances in which a sponsor may request such consideration and evalua-tion; and ‘‘(C) the context in which such consider-ation and evaluation will occur, particularly with regard to information and data relevant to the evaluation of a marketing application under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act for the eligi-ble investigational drug. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) D
RAFT GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue draft guidance with a public comment period regarding the use of clinical outcomes associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug that a sponsor or manufacturer has provided under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561, as de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) F
INAL GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the public comment period on such draft guidance ends, the Secretary shall issue final guidance. ‘‘(b) P
OSTING OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall post on the internet website of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration and update annually, cat-egorized by therapeutic area— ‘‘(1) the number of requests that were re-ceived by the Food and Drug Administration for the provision by a sponsor or manufac-turer of an eligible investigational drug under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561; and ‘‘(2) the number of such requests that were granted. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘eligible investigational drug’ means an in-vestigational drug (as such term is used in section 561)— ‘‘(1) for which a Phase 1 clinical trial has been completed; ‘‘(2) that has not been approved or licensed for any use under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(3)(A) for which an application has been filed under section 505(b) of this Act or sec-tion 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act; or ‘‘(B) that is under investigation in a clin-ical trial that— ‘‘(i) is intended to form the primary basis of a claim of effectiveness in support of ap-proval or licensure under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act; and ‘‘(ii) is the subject of an active investiga-tional new drug application under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.079 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4364 May 22, 2018 
505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable; and ‘‘(4) the active development or production of which is ongoing and has not been discon-tinued by the manufacturer or placed on clinical hold under section 505(i); and’’. (b) R
EPORTING .—Section 561A of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–0) is amended adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug shall post on the same publicly available internet website used by the manufacturer for purposes of subsection (b) of this section an annual summary of any provision by the manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible inves-tigational drug under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561. The summary shall include the number of requests received, the number of requests granted, the number of patients treated, the therapeutic area of the drug made available, and any known or suspected serious adverse events. Such annual sum-mary shall be provided to the Secretary upon request. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible investigational drug’ has the meaning given to such term in section 561B(c).’’. (c) L
IABILITY .—Section 561 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) A
LLEGED ACTS OR OMISSIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
ANUFACTURER OR SPONSOR .—No man- ufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or rep-resentative) of an eligible investigational drug provided to a single patient or small group of patients for treatment use shall be liable for any alleged act or omission related to the provision of such drug, so long as such drug was provided in accordance with sub-section (b) or (c), including the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required pursuant to section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(B) P
HYSICIAN , CLINICAL INVESTIGATOR , OR 
HOSPITAL .— ‘‘(i) No licensed physician, clinical investi-gator, or hospital shall be liable for any al-leged act or omission related to the provi-sion to a single patient or small group of pa-tients for treatment use of an eligible inves-tigational drug in accordance with the re-quirements described in clause (ii), unless such act or omission constitutes on the part of such physician, clinical investigator, or hospital with respect to such eligible inves-tigational drug— ‘‘(I) willful or criminal misconduct; ‘‘(II) reckless misconduct; ‘‘(III) gross negligence relative to the ap-plicable standard of care and practice with respect to the administration or dispensing of such eligible investigational drug; or ‘‘(IV) an intentional tort under applicable State law. ‘‘(ii) The requirements described in this clause are the requirements under subsection (b) or (c), including— ‘‘(I) the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required pursuant to under section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(II) ensuring that the informed consent requirements of part 50 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) are met; and ‘‘(III) ensuring that review by an institu-tional review board is obtained in a manner consistent with the requirements of part 56 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION NOT TO PROVIDE  
DRUG .—No manufacturer, sponsor, licensed physician, clinical investigator, or hospital, nor the Secretary, shall be liable for deter-mining not to provide access to an eligible investigational drug under this section or for discontinuing any such access that it ini-tially determined to provide. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), nothing in this sec-tion or section 561B shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect the right of any person to bring a private action against a manufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or representative), physician, clinical investi-gator, hospital, prescriber, dispenser, or other entity under any State or Federal product liability, tort, consumer protection, or warranty law. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT .—Nothing in this section or section 561B shall be con-strued to modify or otherwise affect the au-thority of the Federal Government to bring suit under any Federal law. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible investigational drug’ has the meaning given to such term in section 561B(c).’’. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, this that I am proposing today would be the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended, and this amendment would offer a more targeted approach to improve FDA’s expanded access program that allows patients access to experimental drugs that can possibly save their lives, which is the goal of all of us. b1645 The FDA ensures that expanded ac-cess requests are safe, and it approves nearly 100 percent of all the requests that are made, and most in a matter of hours, if necessary. The right-to-try legislation we are considering today presents a huge risk to patients and is much worse than the House bill we passed in March, as our ranking member explained. If this bill is so good, why are 104 pa-tient groups—these are the groups that represent the sick and dying people— opposed? And PhRMA, the big pharma-ceutical companies, are not supportive because this gives open license to snake oil salesmen. This bill exposes far more patients to serious risks through a dangerous and unnecessary pathway for experimental treatment. FDA Commissioner Gottlieb noted this legislation is not limited to pa-tients with terminal illness anymore: ‘‘We are certainly going to be exposing patients with potentially less severe conditions to a risk.’’ It is troubling that, in some States, patients using an investigational drug can lose their hospice coverage and, in other States, that they can be denied home care. These are the very people who need this care. Why should we put more patients at risk when the current process does work? FDA already approves, as I said, nearly 100 percent of the requests for experimental therapies through the ex-panded access program. If a person is denied treatment, it is because the manufacturer will not provide it. It also isn’t going about giving the termi-nally ill hope. If that were true, then why would these 104 patient groups, including the American Cancer Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and the Vietnam Veterans of America also oppose this bill? The main reason that this bill is being pushed is to remove FDA over-sight of the safety and effectiveness of our drugs. It allows manufacturers to serve as the gatekeeper and protector of patients. It opens the door for bad actors to prey on people desperate to save their lives or the lives of their children. Imagine if someone like Martin Shkreli, the infamous pharmaceutical bad actor, promised a cure to save a child’s life provided that the parents pay whatever price he might charge, under this bill, FDA would play no role in determining if that drug were safe and effective. Bad actors do exist, and this Repub-lican bill gives them the opportunity to prey on desperate people who are looking for any treatment that might help to save their lives. Unlike S. 204, this motion to recom-mit is not based on the false premise that the FDA approval is a barrier to investigational treatments; rather, it provides clarification of the liability and how FDA will utilize clinical out-comes. With this motion to recommit, the FDA would provide manufacturers guidance to clarify how FDA will con-sider clinical outcomes associated with treatments under expanded access when making a decision about whether or not the drug should be granted full approval. It also provides transparency as to how many patients are making expanded access requests and how often these requests are granted or denied by the FDA and manufacturers. It also of-fers to provide manufacturers or spon-sors liability protection if they comply with the requirements of the expanded access program. I believe that these legislative fixes facilitate patient accessing of experi-mental treatments while ensuring crit-ical FDA oversight to protect public health. In conclusion, patients already have the right to try. Rather than creating an unnecessary pathway that puts pa-tients at risk by allowing the sale of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.034 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4365 May 22, 2018 
snake oil, I would urge my colleagues to join the over 100 patient groups, or-ganizations that care about their neighbors and their friends and people who have these diseases, in support of the expanded access program. These targeted improvements are one way to achieve that goal, so I urge my colleagues to support my motion to re-commit and oppose the dangerous Re-publican proposal. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, while the motion to recommit may be well intentioned, it has a practical effect of killing this bill because the Senate has rejected House attempts to refine the Senate bill that was passed by unani-mous consent last August. So if you want to provide that right to try for patients, this is the vehicle. Now, interestingly enough, the Food and Drug Administration Adminis-trator, this morning, Dr. Gottlieb, put out a statement. He said that he is: ‘‘. . . ready to implement it in a way that achieves Congress’ intent to pro-mote access and protect patients; and build on FDA’s longstanding commit-ment to these important goals.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge people to vote against the motion to recommit and vote for the underlying bill. Let’s give patients that expanded access, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of S. 204, if ordered; The motion to suspend the rules on H.R. 5682; and Passage of S. 2155. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 187, nays 231, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 213] YEAS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Black Frelinghuysen Higgins (LA) Mooney (WV) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Walz 
b1717 Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. WALKER, M
CCAUL, BILIRAKIS, and AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. SA´NCHEZ, Mr. VISCLOSKY, and Ms. HANABUSA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). The question is on the pas-sage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 169, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 214] AYES—250 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.082 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4366 May 22, 2018 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—169 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—8 
Black Frelinghuysen Higgins (LA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or dis-approval of proceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. b1725 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FORMERLY INCARCERATED REEN-TER SOCIETY TRANSFORMED SAFELY TRANSITIONING EVERY PERSON ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5682) to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from pris-on, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 360, nays 59, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 215] YEAS—360 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.038 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4367 May 22, 2018 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—59 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Capuano Chu, Judy Correa Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Huizenga Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn B. McGovern Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Payne Polis Quigley Raskin Roybal-Allard Rush Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott, David Sires Smith (WA) Takano Titus Torres Vargas Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Black Frelinghuysen Higgins (LA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Walz 
b1732 Mr. DEUTCH changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (S. 2155) to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 258, nays 159, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 216] YEAS—258 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—159 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Black Carter (GA) Frelinghuysen Higgins (LA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Smith (MO) Speier Stivers Walz 
b1741 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 216. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 905 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5515. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1743 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
AR-
PERin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.026 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4368 May 22, 2018 
Washington (Mr. S MITH) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to bring to the House floor H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This measure was re-ported favorably out of our committee by a vote of 60–1, and if signed into law, this would be the 58th consecutive year in which a National Defense Authoriza-tion Act was signed into law. I want to begin by thanking the members of the House Armed Services Committee, because each of them has contributed to the work product that we bring before the House today. I par-ticularly want to express my apprecia-tion to the ranking member, the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), for not only his cooperative approach to matters of national security, but for all of the input, all of the good humor, all of the partnership that he brings into making this truly a bipartisan bill which we bring before the House today. I also want to thank the staff of the committee on both sides of the aisle for incredible hours, incredible work, not only in the last few weeks, but throughout this process as we have conducted our hearings, our briefings, and traveled, done all sorts of work that contributed to this bill. Mr. Chairman, I also want to espe-cially thank the legislative counsel. We have had hundreds of amendments considered in committee. We have had hundreds of amendments which have been drafted for floor consideration. That is a lot of work on a very few in-dividuals who have had to make sure it was in the appropriate legislative lan-guage. I especially want to thank legis-lative counsel working with our staffs for getting this measure ready for floor consideration. Mr. Chairman, the best way to sum-marize this bill is that it takes the next steps: the next steps to rebuilding our military, the next steps to reform-ing the Pentagon, the next steps to-wards strengthening our country’s na-tional security. We are going to hear a lot more about the details in the moments and days to come. I just want to emphasize that no one bill can do everything that needs to be done on behalf of the men and women who serve our Nation, espe-cially in repairing their equipment, in repairing their readiness, and in giving them the best equipment, support, and training our Nation can provide. No one bill can do all those things, but this bill takes important next steps building on what was done in the 2018 bill. Finally, Mr. Chairman, I just want to make this point: We live in a volatile and dangerous world. Our country has a number of tools at its disposal—di-plomacy, economics and trade, soft power and influence, a variety of tools—but, in my view, the most im-portant tool is our military strength. I believe our military strength enhances all of those other tools so that, when our military is strong, our diplomacy is more effective. When our military is strong, our economic tools and sanc-tions are more effective. When our military is strong, our soft power somehow becomes more persuasive. Just to take one example, there is a lot in the news these days, even today, about whether or not there will be some sort of a negotiated agreement with North Korea. I don’t know how that will come out. What I do know is a strong military improves our negoti-ating position, and a strong military helps make sure we can defend this country if negotiations do not bear fruit. What we are trying to advance in this bill, along with the appropriations bill, which will come, is to put the United States in a stronger position, hopefully, to get a negotiated result with Iran, North Korea, a variety of other situations around the world, but, above all, to defend this country and to defend our way of life, to defend the American people by way of supporting the men and women who risk their lives for us. That, bottom line, is what this bill tries to do. It is what all of these thousands of pages and hundreds of amendments are designed to do. With the bipartisan support of this House, I believe it will be successful. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to start off by agreeing with the chairman on the importance both of the bill, but also on the incredible work that we do in a bipartisan manner. I think the chairman has set the right tone for the committee. His lead-ership makes all the difference in the world in terms of making sure that we all understand that we are working to-gether to produce a product that is enormously important to the national security of this country. Not that we don’t have our disagree-ments—we have many—but we do so in a respectful way, always with the goal of what is the best policy for our na-tional defense. The chairman’s leader-ship has set the tone for that in a way that is helpful to all of us. All 62 members of the committee also contribute, and, of course, the staff. The staff has to look through all the amendments, all the issues, and make sure that we are aware of them, and they do a fabulous job. This is the one bill that we pass every year, and the work that our staff does is always out-standing and always puts us Members in a position to do the best we can on the bill. So I appreciate the staff, I appreciate the bipartisan spirit in the committee, and I look forward to having a 58th successful year in producing a National Defense Authorization Act because, first and foremost, it is incredibly im-portant that we set national security policy for this country. As the chairman mentioned, we face an incredibly complex set of threat en-vironments. We need policy to figure out what the best approach to that is. Most importantly, right now, after nearly 17 years of war, we have really worked the men and women who serve us in the armed services very, very hard, and there is a very real readiness problem within our military, as we have underfunded that to fund the short-term needs as presented by the conflicts that we have gotten into. I think the most important thing about this bill is it really begins to pay that back. It begins to bring back up the readiness levels so that the men and women who serve us are prepared for the fights that we ask them to do. That, to me, is the most important point. We can have a very robust debate about how large the military budget should be, about what responsibilities we should take on, but wherever we come out on that debate, when we de-cide this is what we expect the mili-tary to do, it is incredibly important that we provide the funds and training to make sure that they can do it. Now, again, we can argue that they should do less, but in my mind, it is completely unacceptable to say: Well, we have got so many priorities, We don’t know how to do it. We are going to ask you to do all these things and then not have the men and women to get the training that they need to be ready for that fight. I believe this bill starts moving us in the right direction. It also honors the agreement that we made just a few short months ago for both FY ’18 and, now, FY ’19 in terms of what the de-fense and nondefense numbers should be in the appropriations process. So I appreciate that. There are several things; and as the chairman mentioned, in a bill of this size, of this magnitude, $717 billion, it would be a miracle if there were any one person who agreed with absolutely everything in the bill. I am sure there is not. But the one thing that I would point out that is most troubling to me is the endorsement of the nuclear pos-ture review that was just put forward by the administration. I am very concerned, number one, that we are spending too much money on our nuclear weapons arsenal going forward and what impact will that have on those other needs that I men-tioned just a minute ago. What impact will that have on readiness? What im-pact will it have on our ability to have the forces forward deployed enough to deter Russia, to deter North Korea, to deal with China’s rise in Asia? So I think we are overemphasizing nuclear weapons, number one, in terms of the amount of money that we are spending on them. But equally as troubling, this bill au-thorizes low-yield nuclear weapons for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.091 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4369 May 22, 2018 
the first time in a very long time. It even authorizes a low-yield nuclear weapon for our submarines. I believe that that puts us down a dangerous course. We need to do more to make sure that we are deterring any possi-bility of nuclear war. There is a huge risk as Russia rises back up, with what North Korea is doing, now that we are not in the nu-clear agreement with Iran, what they might be doing, that we avoid mis-calculation and stumble into a nuclear war. Thinking that there is such a thing as a tactical nuclear weapon, a weapon small enough that it doesn’t really rise to the level of the other nu-clear weapons, I think, is a mistake. And, yes, I know Russia is building them. So the question is: How do we deter Russia? Well, I think we deter Russia in a very straightforward way. We have over 4,000 nuclear warheads. We have more than enough nuclear firepower to present a credible deter-rent to what they are doing. We don’t have to say: Well, if you use a small nuclear weapon, we won’t want to use a bigger one in response. We want to say that our deterrence is: If you cross the red line of all red lines and use a nuclear weapon, we will re-spond overwhelmingly. We want to make sure it never happens. So I think building low-yield tactical nuclear weapons is a mistake. I also think it is incredibly important that we increase the dialogue between our country and Russia and China and North Korea, nuclear armed powers, to make sure that there is not a mis-calculation and we don’t stumble into a nuclear war. Overall, I think this is a good prod-uct. I look forward to the amendment debate and look forward to supporting the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Author-ization Act of 2019. I appreciate Chair-man M
ACTHORNBERRY achieving a bi-partisan success in the committee with 60 ‘‘yes’’ votes and only 1 ‘‘no’’ vote. This bill contains significant policy and funding initiatives to provide the military resources necessary to restore lost readiness for peace through strength. The bill authorizes additional funding for equipment and weapons systems maintenance, spare parts, and training—all sorely needed to begin to reverse years of minimal funding and military readiness accounts. In addition, the bill includes several provisions aimed at improving the readiness and operation of naval sur-face forces in response to the tragic collisions suffered last year with the loss of 17 sailors of the Fitzgerald and the McCain. We also addressed aviation readiness concerns by increasing flying hours, funding for spare parts, and depot level repair capacity. With military end strength at a premium for operational units, Federal civilians are an ever-in-creasingly important component of military readiness. This bill contains several measures meant to improve the civilian work-force management with a special em-phasis on faster hiring. There is a pro-vision that provides the Secretary of Defense hiring authority for many crit-ical readiness skills until 2025, as well as the ability to hire new college grad-uates. Also included are several additional authorities to provide commanders in-novative ways to solve installation in-frastructure problems, including a measure that will speed execution of force protection projects. In conclusion, I want to thank Chair-man MACTHORNBERRY and Ranking Member A
DAM SMITH and the sub-committee’s distinguished ranking member, the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), and her staff for their contributions to this bill and support in the process. Of course, we were joined by an ac-tive and informed and dedicated group of subcommittee members with profes-sional staff members. Their rec-ommendations and priorities are clear-ly reflected in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this worthy bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and Chair-woman E
LISE STEFANIK , the chair of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, on which I am proud to serve as ranking member. I thank them all for their contribu-tions to this bill that is before us today. Each year, our committee’s leg-islation addresses issues vital to the defense of our Nation, and their leader-ship was key in crafting this bill. I would also like to thank the ETC staff for their work on this bill, par-ticularly, Lindsay Kavanaugh, Pete Villano, Jamie Jackson, Eric Snelgrove, Katie Sutton, Mark Pepple, and Nevada Schadler, as well as my personal staff, Kathryn Mitchell-Thom-as, and my two fellows, Brian Mandock and David Wagner. b1800 Mr. Chairman, this bill contains many critical provisions that will en-able and enhance our national security. We added $1 billion beyond the Presi-dent’s request for the Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarines, ensuring continued naval and strategic superi-ority beneath the seas. We also incorporated my provision to require the Department to include en-ergy and climate resiliency efforts as a factor for consideration in major mili-tary installation master plans so that we can be better prepared to face cli-mate change head-on. The ETC portion of the bill ensures that we are also ready for future threats by strengthening cyber oper-ations and increasing preparedness for countering weapons of mass destruc-tion. It also bolsters capability at the pointy tip of the spear, especially when it comes to supporting our Special Op-erations Forces, who execute our Na-tion’s most difficult missions. We bol-ster this capability by embracing risk, enhancing innovation, and improving oversight. To ensure we maintain strategic overmatch with near-peer adversaries, we invest heavily in research and de-velopment, with a specific focus on transitioning critical capabilities to the warfighter. For example, the bill includes $40 million in additional fund-ing for electromagnetic railgun pro-grams as well as $10 million to grow fu-ture cyber warriors through the DOD Cyber Scholarship Program. The bill guides the Department as we confront new threats across the globe by expanding upon previous initia-tives—for instance, encouraging the use of initiatives modeled on the suc-cessful Hack the Pentagon program to update cyber vulnerability and mitiga-tion assessments of Department facili-ties—and by exploring ways to safe-guard the integrity of increasingly globalized supply chains that support critical technologies. As we look to protect our country from threats beyond the next ridge line, it is essential these science and technology initiatives remain prioritized. We will not defeat next- generation threats resting on the suc-cess of our past. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I again thank and congratulate Chairwoman S
TEFANIK and all of the members of the subcommittee for their efforts as well as the members of the House Armed Services Committee for their dedica-tion to national security. Again, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their out-standing leadership of the committee. I look forward to voting in favor of this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and all of the members of the committee and certainly the group known as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.093 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4370 May 22, 2018 
defense hawks in this body, who fought so diligently on increasing the top line so that this number will make a dif-ference and change the direction of our national security. I also thank our subcommittee rank-ing member, Ms. N
IKITSONGAS , for her support and contribution to this bill. The bipartisan partnership she and her staff demonstrated in helping to craft this bill is much appreciated. N
IKIhas also served with me for the last 7 years as the co-chair of the Mili-tary Sexual Assault and Prevention Caucus. Although this will be her last National Defense Authorization Act, her work on the subcommittee and the caucus on sexual assault prevention will be a strong legacy. Within the Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Force’s jurisdiction, this bill recommends authorization of over $97 billion in needed moderniza-tion funding that is necessary for our comparative and competitive advan-tage against strategic peer competi-tors. The bill again recognizes the impor-tance of fifth-generation strike fighter capability and supports the President’s budget request for 77 Joint Strike Fighters. This bill also authorizes the Department to procure additional F–35 aircraft if funds become available through cost savings and program effi-ciencies. I also want to take this opportunity to highlight the many foreign partners that compromise the F–35 program, which often gets overlooked by many. These foreign partnerships strengthen our ability to better operate with our allies in future conflicts. The bill includes several oversight provisions to facilitate mitigation ef-forts for physiological episodes occur-ring in military aircraft, to include re-quiring the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force to cer-tify that any new aircraft procured will have the most current technological advancements available to mitigate fu-ture physiological episodes. However, much work remains to be done to improve overall aviation readi-ness and safety. Going forward, our subcommittee will conduct a more de-tailed review of the investigative and governance processes related to avia-tion safety mishaps. The bill provides an additional $623 million for the JSTARS recap program. Based on our analysis resulting from extensive committee oversight activ-ity, we have concluded that completely walking away from this program im-poses an unacceptable level of risk to our warfighters. The bill recommends funding to mod-ernize 1.5 armored brigade combat teams, which is absolutely necessary for our Army. For the seventh consecutive year, this bill addresses sexual assault in the military. The bill requires the Depart-ment to create a single office respon-sible for sexual offender registration; expands expedited transfer rights for victims of sexual assault; and further empowers the Defense Advisory Com-mittee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. This bill also protects our service-members and their families by closing a gap in the way the Department pre-scribes controlled substances. The bill requires the Department to share more information with State prescription drug monitoring programs to combat the opioid epidemic. Finally, I would like to recognize the role small businesses plays. The Small Business Innovation Research Program is highlighted and is bolstered in this. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, first, I commend Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and the com-mittee staff, who have worked many, many long nights on the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act, a bill that displays a true example of bipartisan support. The Subcommittee on Readiness’ portion of the bill takes important steps to aid readiness recovery and im-prove our military’s readiness. The bill includes a number of provi-sions aimed at improving readiness of the surface Navy. This is a priority for the subcommittee, especially following the four incidents that occurred in the Pacific last year. While the Navy has taken steps to address issues identified in the Strategic Readiness Review and Comprehensive Review, additional steps are still necessary. The bill also includes reporting re-quirements to improve oversight of key readiness issues and assess readiness over time. We further address military installations and infrastructure by sup-porting resiliency, force protection, re-search and development, and improve-ments to our defense communities. The bill provides continuing support to our DOD civilian personnel, who are invaluable to military readiness. Their hard work does not go unnoticed. I especially thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for following through on his commitment to me to include my pro-vision to address the critical workforce shortages on Guam for our construc-tion and healthcare industries. I also thank Ranking Member S
MITH and the distinguished Subcommittee on Readiness chair, J
OEWILSON , for all of their support. It is important that we address Guam’s workforce challenges to meet requirements of our international agreements and for enhancing our re-gional security. I look forward to con-tinuing to work together to protect the full intent of this legislation. This bill also supports American ship repair jobs on Guam and the United States. The bill requires the Navy to treat vessels without a homeport as if they are homeported in the U.S. or Guam. This will ensure that scheduled maintenance of these ships is per-formed, as intended, at domestic Amer-ican shipyards rather than in foreign countries. In addition, the bill prohibits the Navy from redeveloping Guam’s former ship repair facility for any purpose other than to support depot-level main-tenance, to include the mooring of a floating dry dock. The Navy should maintain depot-level ship repair capa-bility, especially in the Western Pa-cific. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as this process con-tinues. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROG-
ERS), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member S
MITH for their leadership in bringing this year’s NDAA to the floor with another over-whelmingly bipartisan vote of 60–1 out of our committee. I also thank my friend, the gen-tleman from Tennessee, J
IMCOOPER , the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces, for working with me on some of the most difficult and complex issue sets that the HASC is responsible for. The issues we deal with—nuclear weapons, missile defense, and space— are difficult issue sets, but our strong, bipartisan working relationship en-sures the best oversight and policy is provided for our warfighters. I thank the gentleman for helping all of us in this regard. I will focus on some of the key provi-sions under the jurisdiction of our sub-committee. First, nuclear modernization. This bill starts with a clear-minded view of the threat posed by our strategic com-petitors Russia and China. The Stra-tegic Forces section of the bill heeds the advice of General John Hyten to ‘‘go fast’’ and ensures that the U.S. will have a safe, secure, and modern nuclear deterrent. We accelerate funding for the LRSO and GBSD. We ensure full funding of a low-yield nuclear weapon option, as recommended by the Nuclear Posture Review, and we invest in our nuclear infrastructure. On missile defense, we place addi-tional emphasis on space-based sens-ing, boost-phase intercept, and di-rected-energy efforts. We also preserve the Missile Defense Agency’s unique acquisition authorities, ensuring that the MDA can continue to quickly de-liver capabilities to defend against the missile threats of today and tomorrow. Additionally, we accelerate funding for our own conventional prompt strike hypersonic weapon development. In the space domain, we continue to press the Department of Defense and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.095 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4371 May 22, 2018 
the Air Force to fix the significant flaws in the organization and the man-agement of the national security space enterprise. In our section of the bill, we direct the establishment of a new numbered Air Force to help better resource the space cadre. We establish a sub-unified command for space to help bring back the advocacy and priority of space within the COCOMs. And we continue pressing for space acquisition reform. Since last year, President Trump has endorsed the establishment of an inde-pendent space force. We remain com-mitted to laying the foundation for the space force and to keeping the pressure on the rest of the executive branch to make progress in this regard. This is a strong defense bill that di-rectly contributes to increasing the lethality and agility of our troops, and I urge the House to adopt this legisla-tion and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bill. I want to begin by thanking the chair and ranking member of the full com-mittee for their leadership in getting this bill to the floor and their commit-ment to regular order. The bill before us has already gone through several rounds of bipartisan input, from the thousands of individual requests from members of the House Committee on Armed Services to more than 420 amendments and more than 14 hours of debate at full committee markup, to more than 560 amendments submitted from the whole House for po-tential debate this week. I believe that this commitment to regular order is one of the main rea-sons, when we pass this bill this week, it will be the 58th year in a row that the House has passed a defense author-ization. I also salute my friend and colleague, Chairman R
OBWITTMAN , for his inclu-sive and bipartisan approach to his role on the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. This year’s mark continues a multiyear, bipartisan effort by the Subcommittee on Seapower and Pro-jection Forces to push the Navy to ex-plore options to build up important ca-pabilities. To that end, the bill before us recommends 3 additional battle force ships above the 10 ships in the President’s request. It also continues the National Secu-rity Multi-Mission Vessel program to ensure that future mariners at our State maritime academies have new, American-made training ships and fol-lows on last year’s work on the sub-committee to recapitalize the Ready Reserve Force. This bill also builds on the work our subcommittee has done to ensure that the Navy and industry have the re-sources to expand our undersea force. The need and rationale for a larger force of 66 fast attack submarines was laid out in the Navy’s 2016 Force Struc-ture Assessment, which was based on a thorough analysis of strategic chal-lenges that are emerging in the mari-time domain. This year, and for the second year in a row, the committee heard blunt and powerful testimony from both Admiral Harris of Pacific Command and Gen-eral Scaparrotti of European Command that their requirements for submarines are not being met by our current force structure and warned that the expected decline in the undersea fleet carried unacceptable risk for the country. Last year, the Committee on Armed Services responded to these warnings by including authorization to procure additional submarines in our mark— authority that was eventually carried to the final NDAA and this year’s om-nibus. Navy officials have recently testified before the subcommittee about their intention to use this new authority to provide options for additional sub-marines in the next 5-year construc-tion contract. Therefore, this year, the NDAA will make a downpayment on two additional submarines by pro-viding authorization to fund the long- lead materials necessary to take ad-vantage of industrial base capacity in fiscal years 2022 and 2023. I also note that this shipbuilding plan was based on the 2016 Force Struc-ture Assessment and is not tied to the Nuclear Posture Review. The ship-building plan is about platforms; the posture review is about armaments. Its call for low-yield nuclear weapons is a profound departure from our existing strategic defense, and I want to asso-ciate my remarks today with Mr. SMITH regarding that issue. b1815 This bill and the committee report also include several provisions which I sought in committee, including addi-tional support for our Procurement Technical Assistance Centers, contin-ued support for DOD impact aid, and ensuring that our troops receive immi-nent danger pay in a timely matter. Finally, I want to highlight the hard work of the staff for their tireless ef-fort to put together the Seapower sec-tions of this bill. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I thank Dave Sienicki, Bruce Johnson, Phil MacNaughton, and Megan Handal. None of this is possible without the countless hours they put in and the invaluable expertise they provide us. Mr. Chair, I again thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for a productive and collabo-rative process that has led to, I believe, an excellent product here today. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), the distin-guished chair of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, I am con-tinually asked why I believe we need to increase our financial support for our national security. My credentials as a fiscal hawk could be perceived as contrary to my con-cerns on insufficient national security funding. I realize that our Federal Gov-ernment has a variety of choices to ei-ther increase or diminish specific pro-grams that, in the entirety, make a more efficient and effective govern-ment. However, when it comes to our na-tional security, our choices are quickly limited. It is painfully obvious that our Nation’s military is at a crossroads. We can choose to retreat from the world and allow other nations to dictate the circumstances of our fiscal health, or we can choose to lead from the front and shape the affairs of our national security. I choose the latter. I choose a mili-tary that can provide for our domestic security and is capable of protecting our national interests abroad. Our force structure is rapidly dimin-ishing. The capability and capacity that were provided during the Reagan military buildup era are quickly com-ing to an end. We have 11 aircraft car-riers but are currently on track to re-duce to 9 aircraft carriers in the next 30 years. Our attack submarine force structure will be reduced by 20 percent in the next 10 years. Our Air Force is the oldest, smallest, and least ready force in its history. The axiom of ‘‘quantity has a quality all of its own’’ will be sorely tested. Distressingly, our military readiness continues to atrophy. We lost 17 sailors in 2 ship collisions last year. We lost 25 airmen in 2 C–130 transport incidents. We continue to see the impacts of the lack of readiness attention. As we re-view the reduction of our force struc-ture along with increased accident rates over the last year, it is clear that we need to address both current readi-ness and future readiness concerns in this bill. Mr. Chairman, I think our committee does a good job of prioritizing current and future readiness and efficiently ac-quiring required ships and aircraft. I am particularly pleased that H.R. 5515 authorizes 13 ships, which includes the original 10 ships in the fiscal year 2019 budget request as well as an addi-tional 3 battle force ships, including 1 Ford-class aircraft carrier and 2 addi-tional LCS. The bill authorizes advanced procure-ment for two additional Virginia-class submarines and authorized multiyear procurement for the Marine Corps’ next amphibious ship class, LPD Flight II. It also continues the critical research and development into the B–21 Raider 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.096 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4372 May 22, 2018 
program and Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine. These investments continue strategic priorities that will serve to address our Nation’s future readiness. Mr. Chair, in closing, I want to recog-nize my ranking member, Mr. J
OE C
OURTNEY , for his continued advocacy and bipartisan approach to rebuild our Navy. He has been an extraordinary proponent for an increased Navy pres-ence, particularly in the undersea com-munity. His insight has been instru-mental in shaping the subcommittee mark. I also want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his continued efforts and effective leadership as he navigates the twists and turns of the budget proc-ess and appropriations alignment. Our national security would be signifi-cantly diminished without his exem-plary efforts. I also want to thank Ranking Mem-ber S
MITH for his continued collabora-tion and cooperation in this bipartisan approach to make sure that we produce the best bill possible. I also would like to thank the staff for their extraordinary efforts, and I encourage my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ), our ranking member on the Tactical Air and Land Forces Sub-committee. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member S
MITH for yielding. Earlier this month, the Armed Serv-ices Committee advanced the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act to the House floor with broad, bipartisan support. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their work in developing this year’s bill. I have greatly appreciated the bipartisan tra-dition that annually allows us to come together to best protect our country and those who serve on our behalf. The Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee has embodied that spir-it of bipartisanship, and I would like to thank my friend and colleague Con-gressman M
IKETURNER for all the work we have done together over the past several years. I am especially pleased that the bill under consideration today includes proposals related to better under-standing and reducing physiological episodes in Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force aircraft. I believe it is impor-tant to keep calling on DOD to solve this problem across multiple aircraft, wherever it occurs. The bill also appropriately directs the Air Force to continue the JSTARS recap program while the service works to develop a next-generation JSTARS in order to ensure this critical capa-bility remains available to maximum effect to our servicemembers. The proposal makes important in-vestments in research and development aimed at using advanced materials to increase ballistic protection and reduce the weight of the personal protective equipment we issue to those we send into harm’s way. With these provisions in mind, I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to see that we provide our men and women in uniform with the resources they need to carry out their mission. Finally, I would like to thank all the members of the subcommittee and the professional staff members for all of their dedicated work to help produce this mark. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), the distin-guished chair of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. The bill contains a variety of signifi-cant policy funding initiatives that continue our commitment to maintain-ing military personnel and family read-iness and addresses issues important to our men and women in uniform. The provisions contained in this bill provide our warfighters, retirees, and their families with pay and benefits necessary to sustain them in today’s highly stressed force. To that end, this bill increases end strength across the services and Re-serve components, allowing the mili-tary services to increase mission readi-ness while reducing strain on service-members and their families. It extends pay and bonuses to serv-icemembers in high-demand fields, pro-viding the military services with the necessary tools to attract and retain critical talent. It improves the Transition Assist-ance Program to ensure that service-members who are leaving the military receive training and resources tailored to their post-military career plans. And it requires a comprehensive re-view of wounded warrior care and men-tal healthcare services, ensuring the highest possible quality of care to those who have sacrificed for our Na-tion. The bill also continues to provide oversight of critical issues including additional protections for victims of sexual assault, improvements to the Department of Defense’s process for re-porting crimes to the FBI database, and the establishment of a Department of Defense prescription drug moni-toring program to share information with State drug monitoring programs. Mr. Chair, in conclusion, I want to thank my colleagues on the Military Personnel Subcommittee, Ranking Member J
ACKIE SPEIER , and the rest of the members of the subcommittee for their contributions to the mark and support in this process. Their rec-ommendations are clearly reflected in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Mr. Chair, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ), a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee and a veteran of our military. I appreciate his service on the com-mittee. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chair, I want to first thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for bringing a solid, bipartisan defense au-thorization bill to the floor. As we consider one of the largest de-fense authorizations since World War II, we must demand responsible leader-ship from both the Pentagon and the Commander in Chief. Responsible leadership starts with fiscal responsibility. A larger budget doesn’t guarantee a more capable force. We must spend our money wisely. In-stead of spending money on parades and walls or cutting civilian jobs that support our worldwide mission, we should focus on modernization, warfighter readiness, and our techno-logical edge. Responsible leadership, beginning with President Trump, must keep faith with those who serve and treat them fairly and justly. We are providing our troops with the largest pay raise in nearly a decade, but we must also honor the service of every American: the transgender soldier overseas, the Dreamer ready to defend the only country they know, the HBCU student aspiring to a national security career. And every member should be able to serve free from sexual harassment and assault. Responsible leadership requires our national security leadership team to be responsive to evolving challenges and make strategic choices. Our adversaries are attempting to shape the future. Russia is meddling in democratic elections worldwide and disregarding international borders and treaties. We cannot ignore this. Our competitors are deploying every tool—military, economic, information, and diplomatic—and so must the United States. While China has outlined strategies through 2050 to become the dominant global power, we must not hamstring our Defense Department or limit the diplomatic and development efforts. This bill gives our armed services the tools and resources they need to defend our homeland, promote our values abroad, and respond to security threats around the world. Congress is doing its part, and the administration must do its, to move from the vagaries of a Commander in Chief to responsible leadership within a strategic framework. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the distinguished chair of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the National Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.098 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4373 May 22, 2018 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for bringing this important bill to the floor. For years, the House Armed Services Committee has been fighting relent-lessly to increase defense spending to ensure our troops have the capabilities, capacity, and training needed to face the growing threats of today. Thanks to the leadership of Chair-man T
HORNBERRY , we were able to pass a 2-year budget agreement earlier this year that paved the way for the com-mittee to draft a defense authorization bill that will continue our military’s road to recovery. As chairwoman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I am proud of the provisions included in this bill that relate to the subcommittee’s work, and I appreciate Ranking Mem-ber S
ETH MOULTON ’s support of these efforts, including several important provisions to combat efforts by our ad-versaries to gain unauthorized access to highly sensitive military tech-nology. We must face the reality that coun-tries like China are using a whole-of- nation approach to steal and exploit highly sensitive U.S. military informa-tion. This bill adds an extra layer of vet-ting for dual nationals who wish to work at the DOD or the National Nu-clear Security Administration. The subcommittee is also conducting oversight on the transition of DOD se-curity clearances from the Office of Personnel Management to the Depart-ment of Defense. The bill seeks to tackle security clearance reciprocity issues by directing DOD to ensure seamless transition of investigations between authorized investigative agen-cies. This bill is also good news for the warfighter. It fully funds continued de-velopment of the new B–21 bomber. Nu-clear deterrence remains the founda-tion of national security for the United States and is fundamental to pre-serving international stability. The bomber fleet is the most flexible leg of the nuclear triad, and it is vital that we continue to invest in this new capa-bility. As we invest in the B–21, we must also ensure that our current bomber fleet remains effective until the B–21 is operational. The NDAA supports re-sponsible modernization programs for the current fleet, such as the B–2, to ensure we maintain our long-range strike capability. It also continues to address readiness and modernization needs by author-izing 24 additional F–18 Super Hornets, investing in A–10 modifications, and adding 4,000 troops to the Army’s end strength. These investments, along with many other important provisions, will ensure our Nation remains safe and secure. Mr. Chair, once again, I thank Chair-man T
HORNBERRY for his leadership in advocating on behalf of our national defense. I am proud of this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its pas-sage. b1830 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), a member of the com-mittee. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, my congratulations to the chairman of our committee, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , and the ranking member, Mr. S
MITH, for help-ing us put together an extremely im-portant bill that does many, many good things for our military and our national security. You have heard speakers before me talk about those issues ranging from the additional pay for our military personnel, both civil and enlisted. All that is good. However, I do want to raise an issue here, and that is, this bill also pushes even further and faster down the path towards a new nuclear arms race. I said before, we are well into the first quar-ter of it. Well, when this bill goes into law, we will be well into the second quarter, an extraordinarily expensive proposition, costing this country well over $1.2 trillion to $1.5 trillion over the next 20 years. It also puts us in a position where I believe we are not going to be more safe. Many of the weapons that are being developed—the bombs, the deliv-ery systems—are designed not to be ob-served. So much of what we have learned over the years about how to keep ourselves and our enemies at bay on the mutually assured destruction track will not apply as we go into this. A couple of things immediately on my mind. A low-yield nuclear weapon, there is no such thing as ‘‘low.’’ It hap-pens to be a whole lot, much larger than the bombs that were dropped on Hiroshima. So where are we going to go here? Does it make us safer to have a low-yield nuclear weapon on one of our submarines? Probably not, because now that submarine has become not a stra-tegic but, rather, a tactical weapon and puts it in an entirely different class. Also, there is a lot of money being spent on the National Nuclear Security Administration, way over budget, $198 million—$115 million. It goes on and on. Is that a smart thing to spend $115 million for the mixed oxide facility? I think not. So there are questions that could be raised, and hopefully, as this bill pro-gresses through the Congress, those questions will lead to a better resolu-tion. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill that will help ensure our technological superiority over the next decade. As the chairwoman of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am proud of our portion of the bill which energizes our science and technology enterprise, strengthens our cyber warfare capabilities, enables our Special Operations Forces around the globe, provides resources and au-thorities to counter terrorism and un-conventional warfare threats, and ad-vances programs and activities that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction. I am especially pleased with the sub-committee’s work to review and under-stand our adversarial threats, most no-tably, from China and Russia. We have maintained our focus on emerging technologies such as artifi-cial intelligence, directed energy, hypersonics, synthetic biology, and ro-botics. The bill before the House incor-porates four broad subcommittee themes. First, the bill better organizes the DOD to oversee, accelerate, and in-tegrate AI and machine learning across the defense enterprise by including H.R. 5365, a bill I introduced with sub-committee ranking member, JIMLAN-
GEVIN . This will establish a national se-curity commission on artificial intel-ligence to conduct a thorough review of the wide ranging military applications of this decisive technology. Second, we build upon previous NDAAs and advance prototyping and testing of directed energy weapons and hypersonic vehicles and accelerate these technologies by authorizing an additional $100 million. This bill also demonstrates our resolve to protect our servicemembers from the threat posed by our adversaries’ deliberate ef-forts to develop and field new tech-nologies, ranging from unmanned aer-ial systems to quantum sciences. Third, the bill strengthens our whole of government cybersecurity posture by establishing a pilot program that improves coordination and partnering between the DOD and Homeland Secu-rity to prevent and respond to cyber attacks against our critical infrastruc-ture. It also reinforces international partnerships in cyber warfare to counter aggressive adversaries, such as Russia, China, and North Korea, and it also includes support for our NATO partners to enhance cooperative cyber and information warfare capabilities. And finally, the bill authorizes U.S. Special Operations Command’s pro-grams and activities, including ongoing efforts in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, So-malia, and Eastern Europe. The bill will also strengthen congressional oversight of ongoing counterterrorism and sensitive activities and streamline DOD’s oversight of countering weapons of mass destruction. Before I conclude, I want to thank Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY for his leadership, as well as my sub-committee ranking member J
IMLAN-
GEVIN of Rhode Island for his leader-ship. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.100 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4374 May 22, 2018 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is left on each side. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The gentleman from Wash-ington has 10 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I don’t have any further speakers at this time. If the gentleman from Texas is prepared to close, then I am prepared to close as well. I yield myself the balance of the time. Again, I just want to emphasize the most important aspect of this bill is the bipartisan effort that we have done working together. There are literally thousands of provisions in this bill. All of them are important in their own way to helping make sure that we set the right policy and make sure that the Department of Defense can be as strong as is humanly possible. One thing I didn’t say in the opening remarks, that I do want to point out, I particularly want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY on his leadership on ac-quisition reform and reform in gen-eral—the idea of how can we make sure that every dollar we spend at the Pen-tagon is spent as wisely as possible. As we know that has not always been the case. I think we made a number of re-forms, more in the previous two years’ bill than in this one, but this one con-tinues on that. I think it put us on a path to having a more efficient and ef-fective use use of dollars on the Pen-tagon side. We all look forward to that day, which is supposed to happen I believe this year, when we actually get the full audit from the Pentagon on where they spend their money. In these times of scarce resources, it is incredibly impor-tant we get the most out of what we spend. And the last little piece on that point, I do worry about the future from a fiscal standpoint. We are right now spending roughly 20 percent more money than we take in every year, and that is projected to go up. The debt to GDP ratio is over 100 percent and, again, is projected to only go up. We have got the deal for FY18 and FY19 which gives some degree of pre-dictability for our military—and that is good—because the last, gosh, 8 years now, we have gone from CR to CR, cou-ple of government shutdowns, a num-ber of threatened government shut-downs, and a large amount of unpre-dictability which is a problem for the entire discretionary budget—not just for the Department of Defense but every other Department that is depend-ent upon the discretionary budget has lived with uncertainty. That makes our government less efficient and less effective. We need to lock in more pre-dictability. Now, traditionally at this point, this is when everyone says that the Budget Control Act and the budget caps have got to go, and I agree with that. The problem is you can get rid of the budg-et caps and you can get rid of the Budget Control Act—and we certainly should. That was passed back in 2011. It wasn’t even passed for a good reason back then. But even if you get rid of those caps, it doesn’t make money magically ap-pear. We still have the debt and the deficit that we are facing. We still have the crushing needs that we have, not just in the Department of Defense, but in infrastructure and research and edu-cation and a whole bunch of critical areas to the health and wellbeing of our country. Someone thought I was joking when someone talked about his ‘‘fiscal hawk credentials.’’ I am wondering if anyone has fiscal hawk credentials at this point when you look at the debt and deficit. We have got to get that in order. Now I don’t think we are going to balance the budget tomorrow. I don’t think we should. I think the im-pact on the economy will be dev-astating, but we have got to get on a glide path to a more fiscally sustain-able situation or we are headed for trouble. I simply don’t believe that you can spend 20 percent more money than you take in forever and not have it be a problem. And everything you want to know about how big a problem this is is contained in three votes that we took over a couple month period. There are many, many Members of Congress who voted for the tax cut, which estimates say it is going to re-duce our revenue by $2 trillion; for the spending agreement, which increased our spending by $500 billion; and then, a week later, they voted for a balanced budget amendment. To say that that is a math problem is the understatement of the year. It doesn’t add up. We all say we want to balance the budget. We don’t want to raise taxes. We don’t want to cut spending. That doesn’t work and a lot of different aspects of our government pay a price for that. But the Department of Defense is one of the biggest. As the largest portion of the discretionary budget, they pay the highest price when we don’t get our-selves on a fiscally responsible path, and national security is at least one of, if not the most important function that our government needs to provide. So I think FY18 and FY19, those are good deals. The building code for the future, we have got to get on a fiscally responsible path. But, again, within this bill—and you have heard a lot of it from our Mem-bers—there are a lot of good policies that I think are going to make a very positive difference in terms of making our Department of Defense work better and, most importantly, providing for the men and women who serve our country and their families. I thank the chairman. I thank the staff. I think, once again, we have done outstanding work. I hope that we can get through the amendment process, get this bill passed, and then go chat with the Senate about getting the bill finished. They are marking their bill up in committee this week, so I think we are on a good path to do that as well. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of the time. Mr. Chairman, I would just pick up on a couple of the points the ranking member made, largely in agreement with him. We do have fiscal challenges in this country, and that is even more reason that, together, we need to continue to work to see that the taxpayers get more value for the money that is spent by the Pentagon. That is part of the reason that we have put such an effort, again, on a bipartisan basis, on defense reform, on buying things and services smarter, so that we can get more value for the taxpayer, but also, so we can make decisions faster. With the world moving so quickly around us, we have to be able to be more agile, and our re-form efforts are a part of that goal. But I do think Secretary Mattis has cut to the heart of the matter when he says, We can afford survival. Currently, defense is roughly 15 percent of the Federal budget, not much for all that it provides for the American people and for the country. Yes, the country can afford to survive. Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I just want to make the point that over the next 3 days we are going to consider many amendments. We are going to hear de-bate about some of them. We got a taste of that tonight with a difference, for example, on some of the policies in the nuclear posture review, and we will have to vote on some of those amend-ments. There will be people pro and con. Some Members, including me, may not have our position prevail on all of those amendments. But none of that should take away from the fact that there is far more in this bill upon which we agree than upon which we disagree. I think that is a very important message for friends and allies around the world to hear, for adversaries or potential adversaries around the world to hear, and, most importantly, for the men and women who have volunteered to risk their lives, to serve our Nation, to protect our freedoms, defend our country, they need to hear that there is far more in this bill upon which there is agreement on a bipartisan basis than any of the disagreements that we may discuss and, ultimately, vote on. The country has to be defended. I am very proud, on a bipartisan basis and a vote of 60–1, this bill has been reported favorably to the House floor, and I look forward to its consideration over the next 3 days. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters during consideration of H.R. 5515: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.102 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4375 May 22, 2018 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing regarding H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the Committee waive consideration of the bill. The Committee on the Budget takes this action only with the understanding that the Committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way di-minished or altered. I also ask that the Com-mittee on the Budget be appropriately con-sulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Com-mittee may address any remaining issues that fall within its jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. I would ap-preciate your response to this letter, con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5515 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, S
TEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on the Budget has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on the Budget is not waiving its juris-diction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, May 11, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write in re-gard to H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Al-though the Committee on Energy and Com-merce has jurisdictional interests in the bill, I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 5515 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5515 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Energy and Commerce has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. There are certain provisions of H.R. 5515 which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Financial Services. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to have the House expeditiously con-sider H.R. 5515, I am writing to waive this Committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in H.R. 5515 which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of the Com-mittee on Financial Services to any con-ference committee which is named to con-sider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 5515 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these important matters. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Financial Serv-ices has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Financial Services is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters during consideration of H.R. 5515: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 9, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. However, in order to expedite floor consi eration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill. The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs takes this action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way di-minished or altered. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I appreciate your including this letter in the Committee Report and as part of the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 5515 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing with respect to the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Ways and Means in mat-ters being considered in H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5515 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.057 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4376 May 22, 2018 
matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 5515. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Ways and Means has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Ways and Means is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters during consideration of H.R. 5515: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE AND  T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal Year 2019. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X ju-risdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this com-mittee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 5515 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the Con-gressional Record. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdic-tion of the House of Representatives’ Com-mittee on Small Business. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this impor-tant legislation, the Committee waives con-sideration of the bill. The House of Representatives’ Committee on Small Business takes this action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 5515 on the House Floor. Thank you for you’re the cooperative spirit in which you have worked on these issues and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Small Busi-ness has valid jurisdictional to certain provi-sions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to re-quest a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on Small Business is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure in matters being considered in H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Our Committee recognizes the importance of H.R. 5515 and the need for the legislation to move expeditiously. Therefore, while we have a valid claim to jurisdiction over the bill, I do not intend to request a sequential referral. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that nothing in this legislation or my decision to forego a se-quential referral waives, reduces or other-wise affects the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest will be included in the Committee Report and as part of the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill by the House. The Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure also asks that you support our request to be conferees on the provisions over which we have jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference. Thank you for your consideration in this matter. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr, THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters during consideration of H.R. 5515: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. William M. ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry, Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X ju-risdiction of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.050 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4377 May 22, 2018 
the bill the Committee on Natural Resources does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 5515 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Natural Re-sources has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Natural Resources is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  G
OVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. T HORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This bill con-tains provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. As a result of your having con-sulted with me concerning the provisions of the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdic-tion, I agree to forgo consideration of the bill, so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 5515 we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation, and we will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves for-ward so we may address any remaining issues within our Rule X jurisdiction. Fur-ther, I request your support for the appoint-ment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference on this or re-lated legislation. Finally, I would appreciate a response con-firming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Armed Services, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration thereof. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representa-tives,Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , P
ERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON  I
NTELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to you concerning H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (‘‘the Committee’’). The Committee recognizes the need for pro-ceeding expeditiously to Floor consideration of this important bill. Therefore, I do not in-tend to request a sequential referral. This waiver is conditional on our mutual understanding that my decision to forego Committee consideration of this legislation does not diminish or otherwise affect any fu-ture claim over the matters in the bill which fall within the Committee’s jurisdiction, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest will be included into the Con-gressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. I also intend to seek the appointment of Committee Members to any House-Senate conference on this legislation and request your support if such a request is made. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this and other matters between our respective com-mittees. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2018. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters during consideration of H.R. 5515: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legisla-tive jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I appreciate the cooperation that al-lowed us to work out mutually agreeable text on numerous matters prior to your markup. Based on that cooperation and our associ-ated understandings, the Foreign Affairs Committee will not seek a sequential refer-ral or object to floor consideration of the bill text approved at your Committee markup. This decision in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the Foreign Affairs Committee in this bill, any subse-quent amendments, or similar legislation. I request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs conferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. Finally, I respectfully request that you in-clude this letter and your response in your committee report on the bill and in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 5515 on the House floor. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY , I write with respect to H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 5515 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 5515 at this time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.064 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4378 May 22, 2018 
we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5515 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 5515. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on the Judiciary has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. There are certain provisions in this legisla-tion which fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. However, I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 5515 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I agree that the Committee on Homeland Se-curity has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Homeland Security is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115– 70 is adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5515 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Author-izations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. National Guard and reserve compo-nent equipment report. Sec. 112. Limitation on availability of funds for M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Increase in number of operational aircraft carriers of the Navy. Sec. 122. Procurement authority for Ford class aircraft carrier program. Sec. 123. Full ship shock trial for Ford class aircraft carrier. Sec. 124. Multiyear procurement authority for amphibious vessels. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–6. Sec. 126. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D aircraft. Sec. 127. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F aircraft and EA– 18G aircraft. Sec. 128. Modifications to F/A–18 aircraft to mitigate physiological epi-sodes. Sec. 129. Frigate class ship program. Sec. 130. Limitation on procurement of eco-nomic order quantities for Vir-ginia class submarine program. Sec. 131. Limitation on use of funds for DDG–51 destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Inventory requirement for air re-fueling tanker aircraft; limita-tion on retirement of KC–10A aircraft. Sec. 142. Limitation on use of funds for KC- 46A aircraft pending submittal of certification. Sec. 143. Retirement date for VC–25A air-craft. Sec. 144. Contract for logistics support for VC–25B aircraft. Sec. 145. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft. Sec. 146. Removal of waiting period for limi-tation on availability of funds for EC–130H Compass Call re-capitalization program. Sec. 147. Findings and sense of Congress re-garding KC–46 aerial refueling tankers. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Buy-to-budget acquisition of F–35 aircraft. Sec. 152. Certification on inclusion of tech-nology to minimize physio-logical episodes in certain air-craft. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Modification of authority to carry out certain prototype projects. Sec. 212. Extension of directed energy proto-type authority. Sec. 213. Prohibition on availability of funds for the Weather Common Com-ponent program. Sec. 214. Limitation pending certification on the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapi-talization program. Sec. 215. Limitation on availability of funds for F–35 continuous capability development and delivery. Sec. 216. Limitation on availability of funds pending report on Agile Soft-ware Development and Soft-ware Operations. Sec. 217. Limitation on availability of funds for certain high energy laser advanced technology. Sec. 218. Plan for elimination or transfer of the Strategic Capabilities Of-fice of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 219. National Security Science And Technology Strategy. Sec. 220. Modification of CVN–73 to support fielding of MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.065 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4379 May 22, 2018 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 221. Report on survivability of air de-fense artillery. Sec. 222. Report on T–45 aircraft physio-logical episode mitigation ac-tions. Sec. 223. Report on efforts of the Air Force to mitigate physiological epi-sodes affecting aircraft crew-members. Sec. 224. Briefing on use of quantum sciences for military applica-tions and other purposes. Sec. 225. Report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Inclusion of consideration of en-ergy and climate resiliency ef-forts in master plans for major military installations. Sec. 312. Use of proceeds from sales of elec-trical energy derived from geo-thermal resources for projects at military installations where resources are located. Sec. 313. Extension of authorized periods of permitted incidental takings of marine mammals in the course of specified activities by De-partment of Defense. Sec. 314. State management and conserva-tion of species. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 321. Examination of naval vessels. Sec. 322. Overhaul and repair of naval ves-sels in foreign shipyards. Sec. 323. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels. Sec. 324. Temporary modification of work-load carryover formula. Sec. 325. Limitation on use of funds for im-plementation of elements of master plan for redevelopment of Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam. Sec. 326. Business case analysis for proposed relocation of J85 Engine Re-gional Repair Center. Sec. 327. Army advanced and additive manu-facturing center of excellence. Subtitle D—Reports Sec. 331. Matters for inclusion in quarterly reports on personnel and unit readiness. Sec. 332. Annual Comptroller General re-views of readiness of Armed Forces to conduct full spectrum operations. Sec. 333. Surface warfare training improve-ment. Sec. 334. Report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew cer-tifications. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 341. Coast Guard representation on ex-plosive safety board. Sec. 342. Shiloh National Military Park boundary adjustment and Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield des-ignation. Sec. 343. Sense of Congress regarding crit-ical minerals. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411 . End strengths for Selected Re-serve. Sec. 412 . End strengths for reserves on ac-tive duty in support of the re-serves. Sec. 413 . End strengths for military techni-cians (dual status). Sec. 414 . Maximum number of reserve per-sonnel authorized to be on ac-tive duty for operational sup-port. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421 . Military personnel. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Regular Component Management Sec. 501. Expansion of authority to award constructive service credit for advanced education, experience, or training, upon original ap-pointment as a commissioned officer. Sec. 502. Surface warfare officers career paths. Sec. 503. Authority of selection boards to recommend officers of par-ticular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list. Sec. 504. Deferred deployment for members who give birth. Sec. 505. Codification of lowered grade for retired officers or persons who committed misconduct in a lower grade. Sec. 506. Retention of military technicians who lose dual status under cer-tain circumstances. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 511. Placement of National Guard mili-tary technicians (dual status) in the competitive service. Sec. 512. Authorized strength and distribu-tion in grade. Sec. 513. National Guard Promotion Ac-countability. Sec. 514. Extension of authority for pilot program on use of retired sen-ior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records Sec. 521. Enlistments vital to the national interest. Sec. 522. Statement of benefits. 
Sec. 523. Modification to forms of support that may be accepted in sup-port of the mission of the De-fense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Sec. 524. Correction of military records website. Sec. 525. Modification of DD Form 214 to in-clude email addresses. Sec. 526. Public availability of reports re-lated to senior leader mis-conduct. Sec. 527. Appointment and training of per-sonnel to staff the board of cor-rections for military and naval records. Subtitle D—Military Justice Sec. 531. Minimum confinement period re-quired for conviction of certain sex-related offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 532. Punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military Justice on do-mestic violence. Sec. 533. Defense Advisory Committee on In-vestigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 534. Modification of Military Rules of Evidence to exclude admissi-bility of general military char-acter toward probability of in-nocence in any offense not strictly related to performance of military duties. Sec. 535. Improved crime reporting. Sec. 536. Oversight of registered sex offender management program. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters Sec. 541. Security clearance reinvestigation of certain personnel who com-mit certain offenses. Sec. 542. Consideration of application for transfer for a student of a mili-tary service academy who is the victim of a sexual assault or related offense. Sec. 543. Standardization of policies related to expedited transfer in cases of sexual assault. Sec. 544. Development of oversight plan for implementation of Department of Defense harassment preven-tion and response policy. Sec. 545. Development of resource guides re-garding sexual assault for the military service academies. Sec. 546. Report on victims in MCIO reports. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition Sec. 551. Permanent career intermission program. Sec. 552. Improvements to Transition As-sistance Program. Sec. 553. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at the Joint Special Operations Uni-versity. Sec. 554. Program to assist members of the Armed Forces in obtaining pro-fessional credentials. Sec. 555. Extension of pilot program to as-sist members in obtaining post- service employment. Sec. 556. Direct employment pilot program for members of the reserve components and veterans. Sec. 557. Extended duration of availability of Military OneSource Program services for members of the Armed Forces upon their sepa-ration or retirement. Sec. 558. Comptroller General briefing and report on permanent employ-ment assistance centers. Sec. 559. Activities to increase awareness of apprenticeship programs. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters Sec. 561. Enhancement and clarification of family support services for fam-ily members of members of spe-cial operations forces. Sec. 562. Additional matters for assessment and report on childcare services of the Department of Defense. Sec. 563. Continued assistance to schools with significant numbers of military dependent students. Sec. 564. Department of Defense Education Activity misconduct database. Sec. 565. Report on assessment of frequency of permanent changes of sta-tion of members of the Armed Forces on employment among military spouses. Subtitle H—Decorations and Awards Sec. 571. Limitations on authority to revoke certain military decorations awarded to members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 572. Authorization for award of Expedi-tionary Medal to certain Ma-rines for actions on June 8, 1995. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4380 May 22, 2018 
Subtitle I—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Sec. 581. Public availability of top-line num-bers of deployed members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 582. Criteria for interment at Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 583. Report on general and flag officer costs. Sec. 584. Report on outside employment of senior personnel. Sec. 585. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Pro-gram. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601 . Prompt review of request for im-minent danger pay. Sec. 602 . Application of basic allowance for housing to members of the uni-formed services in the Virgin Islands. Sec. 603 . Mandatory increase in insurance coverage under Servicemembers’ Group Life In-surance for members deployed to combat theaters of oper-ation. Sec. 604 . Military Housing Privatization Initiative. Sec. 605 . Per diem allowance policies. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays Sec. 611 . One-year extension of certain ex-piring bonus and special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 621 . Expansions of installation benefits to surviving spouses, dependent children, and other next of kin. Sec. 622 . Transportation on military air-craft on a space-available basis for disabled veterans with a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total. Sec. 623 . Extension of parking expenses al-lowance to civilian employees at recruiting facilities. Sec. 624 . Advisory boards regarding mili-tary commissaries and ex-changes. Sec. 625 . Study and report on development of a single defense resale sys-tem. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. TRICARE Medicare Advantage demonstration program. Sec. 702. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for post-traumatic stress dis-order related to military sexual trauma. Sec. 703. Pilot program on cryopreservation and storage. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Transition of administration by Defense Health Agency of mili-tary medical treatment facili-ties. Sec. 712. Sharing information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. Sec. 713. Improvement to notification to Congress of hospitalization of combat-wounded members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 714. Improvements to trauma center partnerships. Sec. 715. Wounded warrior policy review. Sec. 716. Joint force medical capabilities de-velopment and standardization. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 721. Establishment of TriService Dental Research Program. Sec. 722. Increasing the number of appointed directors of the Henry M. Jack-son Foundation for the Ad-vancement of Military Medi-cine. Sec. 723. Extension of authority for joint De-partment of Defense- Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs med-ical facility demonstration fund. Sec. 724. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments and related research efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense. Sec. 725. Medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Department of Defense. Sec. 726. Limitation on changes to Federal Emergency Services certifi-cation levels of the Air Force. Sec. 727. Strategic medical research plan. Sec. 728. Independent evaluation of mental health care. Sec. 729. Study on reimbursement rates for mental health care providers under TRICARE Prime and TRICARE Select in the East and West regions of the TRICARE program. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations Sec. 800. Effective dates; coordination of amendments. P
ARTI—C ONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE ACQUISI -
TION STATUTES IN NEWPARTV OFSUBTITLE  A 
OFTITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE Sec. 801. Framework for new part V of sub-title A. P
ART II—R EDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND  C
HAPTERS OF SUBTITLES B, C, AND D TO P
ROVIDE ROOM FOR NEWPART V OFSUB-
TITLE A Sec. 806. Redesignation of sections and chap-ters of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code—Air Force. Sec. 807. Redesignation of sections and chap-ters of subtitle C of title 10, United States Code—Navy and Marine Corps. Sec. 808. Redesignation of sections and chap-ters of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code—Army. Sec. 809. Cross references to redesignated sections and chapters. P
ARTIII—R EPEALS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFDEFENSE ACQUISITION LAW Sec. 811. Amendment to and repeal of statu-tory requirements for certain positions or offices in the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 812. Repeal of certain defense acquisi-tion laws. Sec. 813. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting require-ments. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-itations Sec. 821. Contract goal for the AbilityOne program. Sec. 822. Increased micro-purchase threshold applicable to Department of De-fense procurements. Sec. 823. Preference for offerors employing veterans. Sec. 824. Revision of requirement to submit information on services con-tracts to Congress. Sec. 825. Data collection and inventory for services contracts. Sec. 826. Competition requirements for pur-chases from Federal Prison In-dustries. Sec. 827. Requirement for a fair and reason-able price for technical data be-fore development or production of major weapon systems. Sec. 828. Revisions in authority relating to program cost targets and field-ing targets for major defense acquisition programs. Sec. 829. Revision of timeline for use of the rapid fielding pathway for ac-quisition programs. Sec. 830. Clarification of services con-tracting definitions. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 831. Revision of definition of commer-cial item for purposes of Fed-eral acquisition statutes. Sec. 832. Definition of subcontract. Sec. 833. Limitation on applicability to De-partment of Defense commer-cial contracts of certain provi-sions of law and certain execu-tive orders and regulations. Sec. 834. Modifications to procurement through commercial e-com-merce portals. Subtitle D—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 841. Requirement that certain ship components be manufactured in the national technology and in-dustrial base. Sec. 842. Report on domestic sourcing of spe-cific components for all Naval vessels. Sec. 843. Removal of national interest deter-mination requirements for cer-tain entities. Sec. 844. Pilot program to test machine-vi-sion technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weap-on systems. Subtitle E—Small Business Matters Sec. 851. Department of Defense small busi-ness strategy. Sec. 852. Prompt payments of small business contractors. Sec. 853. Increased participation in the Small Business Administration microloan program. Sec. 854. Amendments to Small Business In-novation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 855. Construction contract administra-tion. Sec. 856. Broadband and emerging informa-tion technology coordinator. Sec. 857. Amendments to the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. Sec. 858. Consolidated budget justification for the Department of Defense Small Business Innovation Re-search Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 859. Funding for procurement technical assistance program. Sec. 860. Exemption of certain contracts from the periodic inflation ad-justments to the acquisition-re-lated dollar threshold. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 871. Additional requirements for nego-tiations for noncommercial computer software. Sec. 872. Removal of requirement for risk and sensitivity analysis of base-line estimates in Selected Ac-quisition Reports. Sec. 873. Prohibition on acquisition of sen-sitive materials from non-allied foreign nations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4381 May 22, 2018 
Sec. 874. Transfer or possession of defense items for national defense pur-poses. Sec. 875. Expedited hiring authority for shortage category positions in the acquisition workforce. Sec. 876. Extension of prohibition on pro-viding funds to the enemy. Sec. 877. Repeal of certain determinations required for grants of excep-tions to cost or pricing data certification requirements and waivers of cost accounting standards. Sec. 878. Reporting on projects performed through transactions other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants. Sec. 879. Standardization of formatting and public accessibility of Depart-ment of Defense reports to Con-gress. Sec. 880. Defending United States Govern-ment communications. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 901. Authority of Secretary of Defense to determine command and control relationships. Sec. 902. Civilian personnel management. Sec. 903. Performance of civilian functions by military personnel. Sec. 904. Roles of Under Secretary of De-fense for Policy and Under Sec-retary of Defense for Intel-ligence. Sec. 905. Designation of Navy commanders. Subtitle B—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction Sec. 911. Authorities and responsibilities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 912. Authorities and responsibilities of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense. Sec. 913. Transition of certain Defense Agen-cies and Department of Defense Field Activities. Sec. 914. Actions to increase the efficiency and transparency of the Defense Logistics Agency. Sec. 915. Review of functions of Defense Con-tract Audit Agency and Defense Contract Management Agency. Sec. 916. Streamlining of Defense Finance and Accounting Services. Sec. 917. Reduction in number of Chief Infor-mation Officers in the Senior Executive Service. Sec. 918. General provisions. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 921. Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Policy and Oversight Council. Sec. 922. Limitation on transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Radi-ological Defense Division of the Navy. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Expertise in audit remediation. Sec. 1003. Authority to transfer funds to Di-rector of National Intelligence for CAPNET. Sec. 1004. Independent public accountant audit of financial systems of the Department of Defense. Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities Sec. 1011. Department of Defense support for combating opioid trafficking and abuse. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1021. Inclusion of operation and sustainment costs in annual naval vessel construction plans. Sec. 1022. Purchase of vessels using funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1023. Purchase of vessels built in for-eign shipyards with funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1024. Technical corrections and clari-fications to chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law regard-ing naval vessels. Sec. 1025. Retention of Navy hospital ship capability. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Definition of sensitive military operation. Sec. 1032. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds to con-struct or modify facilities in the United States to house de-tainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1034. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1041. Notification on the provision of defense sensitive support. Sec. 1042. Coordinating United States re-sponse to malign foreign influ-ence operations and campaigns. Sec. 1043. Workforce issues for military re-alignments in the Pacific. Sec. 1044. Mitigation of operational risks posed to certain military air-craft by automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast equip-ment. Sec. 1045. Limitation on availability of funds for unmanned surface ve-hicles. Sec. 1046. Program for Department of De-fense controlled unclassified in-formation in the hands of in-dustry. Sec. 1047. Protection of emerging and foundational technologies. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports Sec. 1051. Additional matter for inclusion in annual report on civilian cas-ualties in connection with United States military oper-ations. Sec. 1052. Department of Defense Review and Assessment on Advances in Ar-tificial Intelligence and Ma-chine Learning. Sec. 1053. Report on Joint Enterprise De-fense Infrastructure. Sec. 1054. Report on proposed consolidation 
of Department of Defense glob-al messaging and counter mes-saging capabilities. Sec. 1055. Comprehensive review of profes-sionalism and ethics programs for special operations forces. Sec. 1056. Munitions assessments and future- years defense program require-ments. Sec. 1057. Report on establishment of Army Futures Command. Sec. 1058. Assessment of Department of De-fense electromagnetic spectrum warfare enterprise. Sec. 1059. Report on support for non-contig-uous States and territories in the event of threats and inci-dents. Sec. 1060. Report on low-boom flight dem-onstration. Sec. 1061. Report on cyber-enabled informa-tion operations. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1071. Technical, conforming, and cler-ical amendments. Sec. 1072. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction. Sec. 1073. Receipt of firearm or ammunition. Sec. 1074. Federal charter for Spirit of America. Sec. 1075. Transfer of aircraft to other de-partments. Sec. 1076. Reauthorization of National Avia-tion Heritage Area. Sec. 1077. Recognition of America’s vet-erans. Sec. 1078. National Commission on Military Aviation Safety. Sec. 1079. Target practice and marksman-ship training support. Sec. 1080. Sense of congress on adversary air capabilities. Sec. 1081. Sense of Congress regarding or-ganic attack aviator training capability. Sec. 1082. Sense of Congress on the legacy, contributions, and sacrifices of American Indian and Alaska Natives in the Armed Forces. Sec. 1083. Amateur radio parity. Sec. 1084. Sense of Congress regarding the international borders of the United States. Sec. 1085. Program to commemorate 75th an-niversary of World War II. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 1101. Direct hire authority for the De-partment of Defense for certain competitive service positions. Sec. 1102. Modification of direct hire author-ity for the Department of De-fense for post-secondary stu-dents and recent graduates. Sec. 1103. Extension of overtime rate au-thority for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in sup-port of the nuclear-powered air-craft carrier forward deployed in Japan. Sec. 1104. One-year extension and expansion of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1105. Appointment of retired members of the armed forces to positions in or under the Department of Defense. Sec. 1106. Extension of authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs. Sec. 1107. Personnel demonstration projects. Sec. 1108. Expanded flexibility in selecting candidates from referral lists. Sec. 1109. Temporary and term appoint-ments in the competitive serv-ice. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Report on the use of security co-operation authorities. Sec. 1202. Clarification of authority to waive certain expenses for ac-tivities of the Regional Centers for Security Studies. Sec. 1203. NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4382 May 22, 2018 
Sec. 1204. NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence. Sec. 1205. Participation in and support of the Inter-American Defense College. Sec. 1206. Increase in cost limitation for small scale construction re-lated to security cooperation. Sec. 1207. Report on security cooperation with Haiti. Sec. 1208. Review and report on processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide de-fense services to the military and security forces of Afghani-stan. Sec. 1212. Extension of authority for reim-bursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military oper-ations. Sec. 1213. Extension and modification of Commanders’ Emergency Re-sponse Program. Sec. 1214. Report on assistance to Pakistan. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1222. Extension of authority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Sense of Congress on ballistic missile cooperation to counter Iran. Sec. 1225. Strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran. Sec. 1226. Report on compliance of Iran under the Chemical Weapons Convention. Sec. 1227. Report on potential release of chemical weapons or chemical weapons precursors from Barzeh Research and Develop-ment Center and Him Shinshar chemical weapons storage and bunker facilities in Homs prov-ince of Syria. Sec. 1228. Report on cooperation between Iran and the Russian Federa-tion. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1232. Limitation on availability of funds relating to implementa-tion of the Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1233. Comprehensive response to the Russian Federation’s material breach of the INF Treaty. Sec. 1234. Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1235. Statement of policy on United States military investment in Europe. Sec. 1236. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain persons pro-viding sophisticated goods, services, or technologies for use in the production of major de-fense equipment or advanced conventional weapons. Sec. 1237. Extension of limitation on mili-tary cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1238. Sense of Congress regarding Rus-sia’s violations of the Chemical Weapons Convention. Sec. 1239. United States actions regarding material breach of INF Treaty by the Russian Federation. Sec. 1240. Limitation on availability of funds to extend the implemen-tation of the New Start Treaty. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region Sec. 1251. Support for Indo-Pacific stability initiative. Sec. 1252. United States strategy on China. Sec. 1253. Strengthening Taiwan’s force readiness. Sec. 1254. Modification, redesignation, and extension of Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative. Sec. 1255. Missile defense exercises in the Indo-Pacific region with United States regional allies and part-ners. Sec. 1256. Quadrilateral cooperation and ex-ercise. Sec. 1257. Name of United States Indo-Pa-cific Command. Sec. 1258. Requirement for critical lan-guages and expertise in Chi-nese, Korean, and Russian. Sec. 1259. Modification of report required under enhancing defense and se-curity cooperation with India. Sec. 1260. Statement of policy on naval ves-sel transfers to Japan. Sec. 1261. Report and public notification on China’s military, maritime, and air activities in the Indo-Pa-cific region. Sec. 1262. Senior defense engagement with Taiwan. Sec. 1263. Limitation on use of funds to re-duce the total number of mem-bers of the Armed Forces serv-ing on active duty who are de-ployed to the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1264. Enhancing missile defense co-operation with partners. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1271. Report on status of the United States relationship with the Republic of Turkey. Sec. 1272. Sense of Congress on unity of Gulf Cooperation Council mem-ber countries. Sec. 1273. Report on United States Govern-ment police training and equip-ping programs for Mexico. Sec. 1274. Authority to increase engage-ment and military-to-military cooperation with Western Bal-kans countries. Sec. 1275. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. Sec. 1276. United States-Israel countering unmanned aerial systems co-operation. Sec. 1277. Three-year extension of author-
ization of non-conventional as-sisted recovery capabilities. Sec. 1278. Revision of statutory references to former NATO support orga-nizations and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1279. Sense of the Congress concerning military-to-military dialogues. Sec. 1280. Modifications to Global Engage-ment Center. Sec. 1281. Report on acquisition and cross- servicing agreements. Sec. 1282. Prohibition on provision of weap-ons and other forms of support to certain organizations. Sec. 1283. Certification and authority to terminate funding for academic research relating to foreign tal-ent programs. Sec. 1284. Sense of Congress on support for Georgia. Sec. 1285. Sense of Congress on support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Sec. 1286. Report on United States strategy in Yemen. Sec. 1287. Report on Hizballah. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Funding allocations. Sec. 1302. Specification of cooperative threat reduction funds. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. Sec. 1403. Drug interdiction and counter- drug activities, defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1405. Defense health program. Sec. 1406. National defense sealift fund. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 1411. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illi-nois. Sec. 1412. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1413. Quarterly briefing on progress of chemical demilitarization pro-gram. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose of certain authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug interdiction and counter- drug activities, defense-wide. Sec. 1508. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1509. Defense health program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1511. Treatment as additional author-izations. Sec. 1512. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other Matters Sec. 1521. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1522. Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Improvements to acquisition sys-tem, personnel, and organiza-tion of space forces. Sec. 1602. Rapid, responsive, and reliable space launch. Sec. 1603. Provision of space situational awareness services and infor-mation. Sec. 1604. Budget assessments for national security space programs. Sec. 1605. Enhancement of positioning, navi-gation, and timing capacity. Sec. 1606. Use of small- and medium-size buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4383 May 22, 2018 
Sec. 1607. Designation of component of De-partment of Defense responsible for coordination of moderniza-tion efforts relating to mili-tary-code capable GPS receiver cards. Sec. 1608. Designation of component of De-partment of Defense responsible for coordination of hosted pay-load information. Sec. 1609. Limitation on availability of funds for Joint Space Oper-ations Center mission system. Sec. 1610. Evaluation and enhanced security of supply chain for protected satellite communications pro-grams and overhead persistent infrared systems. Sec. 1611. Report on protected satellite com-munications. Sec. 1612. Plan on space warfighting readi-ness. Sec. 1613. Study on space-based radio fre-quency mapping. Sec. 1614. Plan to provide persistent weather imagery for United States Cen-tral Command. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities Sec. 1621. Role of Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence. Sec. 1622. Security clearance for dual na-tionals. Sec. 1623. Department of Defense Counter-intelligence polygraph pro-gram. Sec. 1624. Defense intelligence business man-agement systems. Sec. 1625. Modification to annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance require-ments of the combatant com-mands. Sec. 1626. Prohibition on the availability of funds for Department of De-fense assuming background in-vestigation mission for the Fed-eral Government. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters Sec. 1631. Amendments to pilot program re-garding cyber vulnerabilities of Department of Defense critical infrastructure. Sec. 1632. Budget display for cyber vulner-ability evaluations and mitiga-tion activities for major weap-on systems of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1633. Transfer of responsibility for the Department of Defense Infor-mation Network to United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1634. Pilot program authority to en-hance cybersecurity and resil-iency of critical infrastructure. Sec. 1635. Pilot program on regional cyber security training center for the Army National Guard. Sec. 1636. Procedures and reporting require-ment on cybersecurity breaches and loss of personally identifi-able information. Sec. 1637. Cyber institutes at the senior military colleges. Sec. 1638. Study and report on reserve com-ponent cyber civil support teams. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1641. Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering and the Nuclear Weapons Council. Sec. 1642. Long-range standoff weapon re-quirements. Sec. 1643. Acceleration of ground-based stra-tegic deterrent program and long-range standoff weapon pro-gram. Sec. 1644. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental bal-listic missile fuzes. Sec. 1645. Prohibition on reduction of the intercontinental ballistic mis-siles of the United States. Sec. 1646. Extension of prohibition on avail-ability of funds for mobile vari-ant of ground-based strategic deterrent missile. Sec. 1647. Independent study on nuclear weapons launch-under-attack option. Sec. 1648. Extension of annual report on the plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons de-livery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1649. Sense of Congress on nuclear pos-ture of the United States. Sec. 1650. Sense of Congress on extended nu-clear deterrence in the Indo-Pa-cific region. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1661. Development of persistent space- based sensor architecture. Sec. 1662. Boost phase ballistic missile de-fense. Sec. 1663. Improvements to research and de-velopment and acquisition processes of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1664. Layered defense of the United States homeland. Sec. 1665. Testing of redesigned kill vehicle prior to production. Sec. 1666. Requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships. Sec. 1667. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–3 block IB missiles. Sec. 1668. Limitation on availability of funds for Army lower tier air and missile defense sensor. Sec. 1669. Missile defense radar in Hawaii. Sec. 1670. Reports on unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1671. Report on ballistic missile de-fense. Sec. 1672. Sense of Congress on missile and rocket defense cooperation be-tween the United States and Israel. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1681. Extension of Commission to As-sess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Similar Events. Sec. 1682. Procurement of ammonium per-chlorate and other chemicals for use in solid rocket motors. Sec. 1683. Conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities. Sec. 1684. Report regarding industrial base for large solid rocket motors. Sec. 1685. National intelligence estimate 
with respect to Russian and Chinese interference in demo-cratic countries. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be speci-fied by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project au-thorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. Sec. 2309. Additional authority to carry out project at Travis Air Force Base, California, in fiscal year 2019. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country In-Kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded con-struction projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Ma-rine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4384 May 22, 2018 
Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and clo-sure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. Sec. 2702. Additional authority to realign or close certain military installa-tions. Sec. 2703. Prohibition on conducting addi-tional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Sec. 2801. Commercial construction stand-ards for facilities on leased property. Sec. 2802. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for con-struction projects outside the United States. Sec. 2803. Small business set-aside for con-tracts for architectural and en-gineering services and con-struction design. Sec. 2804. Authority to obtain architectural and engineering services and construction design for defense laboratory modernization pro-gram. Sec. 2805. Repeal of limitation on certain Guam project. Sec. 2806. Enhancing force protection and safety on military installa-tions. Sec. 2807. Limitation on use of funds for ac-quisition of furnished energy for new medical center in Ger-many. Sec. 2808. Treatment of leases of non-excess property entered into with in-sured depository institutions. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2811. Optional participation in collec-tion of information on unuti-lized and underutilized military installation properties avail-able for homeless assistance. Sec. 2812. Force structure plans and infra-structure capabilities necessary to support the force structure. Sec. 2813. Retrofitting existing windows in military family housing units to be equipped with fall preven-tion devices. Sec. 2814. Updating prohibition on use of certain assessment of public schools on Department of De-fense installations to supersede funding of certain projects. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Authority for transfer of adminis-trative jurisdiction over certain lands, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California, and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Ari-zona. Sec. 2822. Public inventory of Guam land parcels for transfer to Govern-ment of Guam. Sec. 2823. Land conveyance, Naval Academy dairy farm, Gambrills, Mary-land. Sec. 2824. Technical correction of descrip-tion of Limestone Hills Train-ing Area Land Withdrawal and Reservation, Montana. Sec. 2825. Land conveyance, Wasatch-Cache National Forest, Rich County, Utah. Subtitle D—Military Land Withdrawals Sec. 2831. Indefinite duration of certain military land withdrawals and reservations and improved management of withdrawn and reserved lands. Sec. 2832. Designation of potential wilder-ness area. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 2841. Defense community infrastructure program. Sec. 2842. Restrictions on use of funds for de-velopment of public infrastruc-ture in Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. Sec. 2843. Study and report on Coleman Bridge, York River, Virginia. Sec. 2844. Certifications required prior to transfer of certain veterans me-morial object. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized defense agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2906. Restrictions on use of funds for planning and design costs of European Deterrence Initiative projects. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Admin-istration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Security clearance for dual na-tionals employed by National Nuclear Security Agency. Sec. 3112. Department of Energy counter-intelligence polygraph pro-gram. Sec. 3113. Extension of enhanced procure-ment authority to manage sup-ply chain risk. Sec. 3114. Low-yield nuclear weapons. Sec. 3115. Use of funds for construction and project support activities relat-ing to MOX facility. Sec. 3116. Prohibition on availability of funds for programs in Russian Federation. Sec. 3117. Prohibition on availability of 
funds for research and develop-ment of advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-en-riched uranium. Sec. 3118. Limitation on availability of funds relating to submission of annual reports on unfunded pri-orities. Subtitle C—Reports Sec. 3121. Notification regarding release of contamination at Hanford site. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 3131. Inclusion of capital assets acquisi-tion projects in activities by Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation. Sec. 3132. Whistleblower protections. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME MATTERS Subtitle A—Maritime Administration Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-ministration. Sec. 3502. Compliance by Ready Reserve Fleet vessels with SOLAS life-boats and fire suppression re-quirements. Sec. 3503. Maritime Administration Na-tional Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program. Sec. 3504. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue ves-sel war risk insurance. Sec. 3505. Use of State maritime academy training vessels. Subtitle B—Coast Guard Sec. 3521. Alignment with Department of Defense and sea services au-thorities. Sec. 3522. Preliminary development and demonstration. Sec. 3523. Contract termination. Sec. 3524. Reimbursement for travel ex-penses. Sec. 3525. Capital investment plan. Sec. 3526. Major acquisition program risk as-sessment. Sec. 3527. Marine safety implementation status. Sec. 3528. Retirement of Vice Commandant. Sec. 3529. Large commercial yacht code. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections CHAPTER 1—C OAST GUARD  Sec. 3531. Commandant defined. Sec. 3532. Training course on workings of Congress. Sec. 3533. Miscellaneous. Sec. 3534. Department of Defense consulta-tion. Sec. 3535. Repeal. Sec. 3536. Mission need statement. Sec. 3537. Continuation on active duty. Sec. 3538. System acquisition authorization. Sec. 3539. Inventory of real property. C
HAPTER 2—M ARITIME TRANSPORTATION  Sec. 3541. Definitions. Sec. 3542. Authority to exempt vessels. Sec. 3543. Passenger vessels. Sec. 3544. Tank vessels. Sec. 3545. Grounds for denial or revocation. Sec. 3546. Miscellaneous corrections to title 46, U.S.C. Sec. 3547. Miscellaneous corrections to Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Sec. 3548. Miscellaneous corrections. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in fund-ing tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4385 May 22, 2018 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency oper-ations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national se-curity programs. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional de-fense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide ac-tivities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE COM-PONENT EQUIPMENT REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10541(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) A joint assessment by the Chief of Staff of the Army and the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau on the efforts of the Army to achieve parity among the active component, the Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard with respect to equipment and capabilities. Each assessment shall in-clude a comparison of the inventory of high priority items of equipment available to each component of the Army described in preceding sentence, including— ‘‘(A) AH–64 Attack Helicopters; ‘‘(B) UH–60 Black Hawk Utility Heli-copters; ‘‘(C) Abrams Main Battle Tanks; ‘‘(D) Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles; ‘‘(E) Stryker Combat Vehicles; and ‘‘(F) any other items of equipment identi-fied as high priority by the Chief of Staff of the Army or the Chief of the National Guard Bureau.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to reports required to be submitted under section 10541 of title 10, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR M27 INFANTRY AUTO-MATIC RIFLE PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program of the Marine Corps, not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Commandant of the Marine Corps submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives the assessment described in sub-section (b). (b) ASSESSMENT .—The assessment de-scribed in this subsection is a written sum-mary of the views of the Marine Corps with respect to the Small Arms Ammunition Con-figuration Study of the Army, including— (1) an explanation of how the study in-forms the future small arms modernization requirements of the Marine Corps; and (2) near-term and long-term modernization strategies for the small arms weapon sys-tems of the Marine Corps, including associ-ated funding and schedule profiles. Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPER-ATIONAL AIRCRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The aircraft carrier can fulfill the Navy’s core missions of forward presence, sea control, ensuring safe sea lanes, and power projection as well as providing flexibility and versatility to execute a wide range of ad-ditional missions. (2) Forward airpower is integral to the se-curity and joint forces operations of the United States. Carriers play a central role in delivering forward airpower from sovereign territory of the United States in both per-missive and nonpermissive environments. (3) Aircraft carriers provide our Nation the ability to rapidly and decisively respond to national threats, as well as conducting worldwide, on-station diplomacy and pro-viding deterrence against threats to the United States allies, partners, and friends. (4) Since the end of the cold war, aircraft carrier deployments have increased while the aircraft carrier force structure has de-clined. (5) Considering the increased array of com-plex threats across the globe, the Navy air-craft carrier is operating at maximum capac-ity, increasing deployment lengths and de-creasing maintenance periods in order to meet operational requirements. (6) To meet global peacetime and wartime requirements, the Navy has indicated a re-quirement to maintain two aircraft carriers deployed overseas and have three additional aircraft carriers capable of deploying within 90 days. However, the Navy has indicated that the existing aircraft carrier force struc-ture cannot support these military require-ments. (7) Despite the requirement to maintain an aircraft carrier strike group in both the United States Central Command and the United States Pacific Command, the Navy has been unable to generate sufficient capac-ity to support combatant commanders and has developed significant carrier gaps in these critical areas. (8) Because of the continuing use of a di-minished aircraft carrier force structure, ex-tensive maintenance availabilities result which typically exceed program costs and in-crease time in shipyards. These expansive maintenance availabilities exacerbate exist-ing carrier gaps. (9) Developing an alternative design to the Ford-class aircraft carrier is not cost bene-ficial. A smaller design is projected to incur significant design and engineering cost while significantly reducing magazine size, carrier air wing size, sortie rate, and on-station ef-fectiveness, among other vital factors, as compared to the Ford-class. Furthermore, a new design will delay the introduction of fu-ture aircraft carriers, exacerbating existing carrier gaps and threatening the national se-curity of the United States. (10) The 2016 Navy Force Structure Assess-ment states ‘‘A minimum of 12 aircraft car-riers are required to meet the increased warfighting response requirements of the De-fense Planning Guidance Defeat/Deny force sizing direction.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should expedite deliv-ery of 12 aircraft carriers; and (2) an aircraft carrier should be authorized every three years. (c) I
NCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPERATIONAL  A
IRCRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Section 5062(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘11 operational aircraft carriers’’ and insert-ing ‘‘12 operational aircraft carriers’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 122. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .— (1) P
ROCUREMENT AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of one Ford class aircraft carrier to be des-ignated CVN–81. (2) P
ROCUREMENT IN CONJUNCTION WITH CVN – 
80.—The aircraft carrier authorized to be pro-cured under subsection (a) may be procured as an addition to the contract covering the Ford class aircraft carrier designated CVN–80 that is authorized to be constructed under section 121 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104). (b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With respect to a contract entered into under sub-section (a), the Secretary of the Navy may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. (c) L
IABILITY .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that the total liability to the Government for termi-nation of the contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obli-gated at the time of termination. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 123. FULL SHIP SHOCK TRIAL FOR FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that full ship shock trials results are incor-porated into the construction of the Ford class aircraft carrier designated CVN–81. 
SEC. 124. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR AMPHIBIOUS VESSELS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts for the procurement of not more than five amphibious vessels. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy may not modify a contract entered into under subsection (a) if the modification would increase the target price of an am-phibious vessel by more than 10 percent above the target price specified in the origi-nal contract awarded for the amphibious ves-sel under subsection (a). (c) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for advance pro-curement associated with the amphibious vessels for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is pro-vided under subsection (a) and for equipment or subsystems associated with the amphib-ious vessels, including procurement of— (1) long lead time material; or (2) material or equipment in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4386 May 22, 2018 
(d) C ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (e) L
IMITATION ON TERMINATION LIABIL -
ITY.—A contract for the construction of am-phibious vessels entered into under sub-section (a) shall include a clause that limits the liability of the United States to the con-tractor for any termination of the contract. The maximum liability of the United States under the clause shall be the amount appro-priated for the amphibious vessels covered by the contract regardless of the amount ob-ligated under the contract. (f) A
MPHIBIOUS VESSEL DEFINED .—The term ‘‘amphibious vessel’’ means a San Antonio class amphibious transport dock ship with a Flight II configuration. 
SEC. 125. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–6. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 625 standard missile–6 missiles at a rate of not more than 125 missiles per year during the covered period. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (c) C
OVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered period’’ means the 5- year period beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year and ending with the fiscal year 2023 program year. 
SEC. 126. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR E–2D AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 24 E–2D aircraft. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 127. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR F/A–18E/F AIRCRAFT AND EA–18G AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of the fol-lowing: (1) F/A–18E/F aircraft. (2) EA–18G aircraft. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (c) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2019, for advance procurement associated with the aircraft for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a), which may in-clude one or more contracts for the procure-ment of economic order quantities of mate-rial and equipment for such aircraft. SEC. 128. MODIFICATIONS TO F/A–18 AIRCRAFT TO MITIGATE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPI-SODES. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of the Navy shall modify the F/A-18 aircraft to reduce the occurrence of, and mitigate the risk posed by, physiological epi-sodes affecting crewmembers of the aircraft. The modifications shall include, at min-imum— (1) replacement of the F/A–18 cockpit al-timeter; (2) upgrade of the F/A–18 onboard oxygen generation system; (3) redesign of the F/A–18 aircraft life sup-port systems required to meet onboard oxy-gen generation system input specifications; (4) installation of equipment associated with improved F/A–18 physiological moni-toring and alert systems; and (5) installation of an automatic ground col-lision avoidance system. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through February 1, 2021, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written update on the status of all modifications to the F/A–18 air-craft carried out by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (a). (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the requirement to make a modi-fication under subsection (a) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the specific modification is in-advisable and provides a detailed justifica-tion for excluding the modification from the Navy’s planned upgrades for the F/A–18 air-craft. 
SEC. 129. FRIGATE CLASS SHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) T ECHNICAL DATA.— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—As part of the solicita-tion for proposals for the procurement of any frigate class ship, the Secretary of the Navy shall require that an offeror submit a pro-posal that provides for conveying technical data as part of the proposal for the frigate. (2) R
IGHTS OF THE UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the Government’s rights in technical data for any frigate class ship are sufficient to allow the Government to— (A) by not later than the date on which funds are obligated for the last covered frig-ate, use the technical data to conduct a full and open competition (pursuant to section 2304 of title 10, United States Code) for any subsequent procurement of a frigate class ship; and (B) transition the frigate class ship combat systems to Government-furnished equipment to achieve open architecture and foster com-petition to modernize future systems. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered frigate’’ means each of the first 10 frigate class ships procured after January 1, 2020. (2) The term ‘‘technical data’’ means a compilation of detailed engineering plans and specifications for the construction of a frigate class ship. 
SEC. 130. LIMITATION ON PROCUREMENT OF ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES FOR VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘mate-rial’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (d), material’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (c), the following: ‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON PROCUREMENT OF ECO-
NOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES .—The Secretary of the Navy may not enter into contracts for economic order quantities under subsection (c)(2) until the date on which the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that any funds made available for such contracts will be used to procure eco-nomic order quantities of material and equipment for not fewer than 12 Virginia class submarines.’’. 
SEC. 131. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DDG–51 DESTROYERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, for DDG–51 class destroy-ers may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the con-gressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) a detailed description of the current degaussing standards; (2) a plan for incorporating such standards into the destroyer construction program; and (3) an assessment of the requirement to backfit such standards in service destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. INVENTORY REQUIREMENT FOR AIR REFUELING TANKER AIRCRAFT; LIM-ITATION ON RETIREMENT OF KC–10A AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—Section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(j)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), effective October 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total primary as-signed aircraft inventory of air refueling tanker aircraft of not less than 479 aircraft. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Air Force may reduce the number of air refueling tanker aircraft in the primary assigned aircraft in-ventory of the Air Force below 479 only if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that such reduc-tion is justified by the results of the mobil-ity capability and requirements study con-ducted under section 144(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91); and ‘‘(B) a period of 30 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the certification is made to the congressional defense commit-tees under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘air refueling tanker air-craft’ means an aircraft that has as its pri-mary mission the refueling of other aircraft. ‘‘(B) The term ‘primary assigned aircraft inventory’ means aircraft authorized to a flying unit for operations or training.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF KC– 10A.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for any fiscal year for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or to prepare to retire, any KC–10A aircraft until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that Secretary has met the min-imum inventory requirement under section 8062(j) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AIRCRAFT .—The requirement of paragraph (1) does not apply to individual KC–10A aircraft that the Sec-retary of the Air Force determines, on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4387 May 22, 2018 
case-by-case basis, to be non-operational be-cause of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
SEC. 142. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR KC- 46A AIRCRAFT PENDING SUBMITTAL OF CERTIFICATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees certifi-cation that, as of the date of the certifi-cation— (1) the supplemental type certification and the military type certification for the KC- 46A aircraft have been approved; and (2) the Air Force has accepted the delivery of the first KC-46A aircraft. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fis-cal year 2019 for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, may be obligated or expended for three KC-46A aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force submits the certification re-quired under subsection (a). 
SEC. 143. RETIREMENT DATE FOR VC–25A AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the appli-cation of section 2244a of title 10, United States Code, the retirement date of the cov-ered aircraft is deemed to be not later than December 31, 2025. (b) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means the two VC–25A aircraft of the Air Force that are in service as of the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 144. CONTRACT FOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT FOR VC–25B AIRCRAFT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (1) ensure that the total period of any con-tract awarded for logistics support for the VC–25B aircraft does not exceed five years, as required under part 17.204(e) of the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation, unless other-wise approved in accordance with established procedures; and (2) comply with section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, regarding full and open competition through the use of competitive procedures for the award of any logistics support contract following the initial five- year contract period. 
SEC. 145. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 52 C–130J aircraft. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 146. REMOVAL OF WAITING PERIOD FOR LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RECAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 135(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘a period of 30 days has elapsed following’’. 
SEC. 147. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING KC–46 AERIAL REFUEL-ING TANKERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Aerial refueling tankers provide an es-sential foundation for our nation’s ability to project power and deter adversaries, enabling the global reach of our joint force. (2) 87 percent of the legacy aerial refueling fleet is comprised of KC–135 aircraft with an average age of 56 years. (3) The Commander of United States Transportation Command has identified the aerial refueling fleet as the ‘‘most stressed of our air mobility forces’’ and stated that ‘‘de-laying KC–46 production puts the Joint Force’s ability to effectively execute war plans at risk’’. (4) As directed by the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), the Air Force is undertaking an updated mobility capability and require-ments study that will reflect guidance ar-ticulated in the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy and reassess the current tanker require-ment of 479 aircraft. (5) The fixed-price contract for KC–46A calls for 179 aircraft to be delivered by 2028. (6) The KC–46 is a multirole platform that will bring enhanced capabilities to both the aerial refueling and strategic airlift mis-sions. The aircraft provides the ability to re-fuel joint and coalition aircraft by both boom and drogue systems in the same sortie; improved cargo, passenger and aeromedical evacuation capabilities; and enhanced sur-vivability with multiple layers of protection enabling it to operate safely in a broader range of threat environments than legacy tankers. (7) The Government Accountability Office has stated: ‘‘The KC–46 program’s total ac-quisition cost estimate remained stable over the past year at $44,400,000,000, which is about $7,300,000,000 less than the original es-timate.’’ (8) The Commander of Air Mobility Com-mand has stated that the KC–46 ‘‘will bring tremendous capability to our joint warfighter’’. (9) The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition has stated: ‘‘Stability of requirements and funding are the keys to KC–46 program success and will enable the Air Force to deliver this new tanker ready for employment on day one.’’ (10) The Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition has identified the KC–46 as the Air Force’s second highest combat aviation acquisition priority ‘‘for the role that it plays in being able to power project’’. (11) With the support of Congress, the Air Force has executed three low rate initial production contracts for a total of 34 air-craft. In fiscal year 2018, Congress provided funding for a fourth production lot totaling 18 aircraft. (12) A steady production rate of 1.3 aircraft per month has been maintained through independent investment by industry in order to expedite deliveries to the Air Force upon completion of developmental testing and cer-tification. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Air Force and industry should dedi-cate the resources and manpower necessary to ensure the first KC–46 is delivered in fiscal year 2018; (2) the Air Force should maximize effi-ciency in the test and certification process to ensure that— (A) test points are not redundant; (B) test plans are approved expeditiously; (C) receiver aircraft are available to sup-port test flights; and (D) Air Force inputs necessary for Federal Aviation Administration and military air-worthiness certifications are expedited; and (3) the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition and the Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency should develop and implement a plan ena-bling the Air Force to accept and field KC–46 aircraft at a rate higher than three aircraft per month after the delivery of the first air-craft. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters SEC. 151. BUY-TO-BUDGET ACQUISITION OF F–35 AIRCRAFT. 
Subject to section 2308 of title 10, United States Code, using funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act for the procurement of F–35 aircraft, the Secretary of Defense may procure a quantity of F–35 aircraft in excess of the quantity authorized by this Act if such additional procurement does not re-quire additional funds to be authorized to be appropriated because of production effi-ciencies or other cost reductions. 
SEC. 152. CERTIFICATION ON INCLUSION OF TECHNOLOGY TO MINIMIZE PHYSIO-LOGICAL EPISODES IN CERTAIN AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a covered aircraft, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written statement certifying that the aircraft to be procured under the contract will include the most recent technological advancements necessary to minimize the impact of physio-logical episodes on aircraft crewmembers. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary concerned may waive the requirement of subsection (a) if the Secretary— (1) determines the waiver is required in the interest of national security; and (2) not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a cov-ered aircraft, notifies the congressional de-fense committees of the rationale for the waiver. (c) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement to sub-mit a certification under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means a fighter aircraft, an attack aircraft, or a fixed wing trainer aircraft. (2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Navy, with respect to covered aircraft of Navy; and (B) the Secretary of the Air Force, with re-spect to covered aircraft of the Air Force. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS. 
Section 2371b(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) Contracts or transactions entered into pursuant to this subsection that are ex-pected to cost the Department of Defense in excess of $100,000,000 but not in excess of $500,000,000 (including all options) may be awarded only upon written determination by the senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of sec-tion 1702(c) of title 41, or, by the senior pro-curement executive for the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency that award of the contract or transaction is essential to meet critical national security interests. ‘‘(5) Contracts and transactions entered into pursuant to this subsection that are ex-pected to cost the Department of Defense in excess of $500,000,000 (including all options) may be awarded only if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4388 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(A) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment determines in writing that award of the contract or trans-action is essential to meet critical national security objectives; and ‘‘(B) the congressional defense committees are notified in writing not later than 30 days before award of the contract or trans-action.’’. 
SEC. 212. EXTENSION OF DIRECTED ENERGY PRO-TOTYPE AUTHORITY. 
Section 219(c)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Ex-cept as provided in subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C)’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C) and subject to the availability of appro-priations for such purpose, of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, defense-wide, up to $100,000,000 may be available to the Under Secretary to allocate to the military departments, the de-fense agencies, and the combatant com-mands to carry out the program established under paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘made available under subpara-graph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘made available under subparagraph (A) or subparagraph (B)’’. 
SEC. 213. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE WEATHER COMMON COMPONENT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for weather service (PE 0305111F, Project 672738) for product development, test and evaluation, and management services as-sociated with the Weather Common Compo-nent program may be obligated or expended. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air force shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on technologies and capabilities that— (A) provide real-time or near real-time me-teorological situational awareness data through the use of sensors installed on manned and unmanned aircraft; and (B) were developed primarily using funds of the Department of Defense. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of all technologies and capabilities described in paragraph (1) that exist as of the date on which the report is submitted; (B) a description of any testing activities that have been completed for such tech-nologies and capabilities, and the results of those testing activities; (C) the total amount of funds used by the Department of Defense for the development of such technologies and capabilities; (D) a list of capability gaps or shortfalls in any major commands of the Air Force relat-ing to the gathering, processing, exploi-tation, and dissemination of real-time or near real-time meteorological situational awareness data for unmanned systems; (E) an explanation of how such gaps or shortfalls may be remedied to supplement the weather forecasting capabilities of the Air Force and to enhance the efficiency or effectiveness of combat air power; and (F) a plan for fielding existing technologies and capabilities to mitigate such gaps or shortfalls. SEC. 214. LIMITATION PENDING CERTIFICATION ON THE JOINT SURVEILLANCE TAR-GET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM RE-CAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the cer-tification described in subsection (b)— (1) of the total amount of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Air Force for fiscal year 2019 for the covered programs not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended for the programs; and (2) the Secretary of the Air Force may not divest more than one legacy E–8 Joint Sur-veillance Target Attack Radar System air-craft. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-scribed in this subsection is a written state-ment of the Secretary of the Air Force certi-fying that— (1) the Secretary has awarded one or more contracts under the Joint Surveillance Tar-get Attack Radar System recapitalization program for— (A) engineering, manufacturing, and devel-opment (B) low-rate initial production; (C) production; and (D) initial contractor support; and (2) the program is proceeding in accord-ance with the plans for the program set forth in the budget request of the President sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018. (c) GAO R
EPORT AND BRIEFING .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on Incre-ment 1, Increment 2, and Increment 3 of the 21st Century Advanced Battle-Management System of Systems capability of the Air Force. The report shall include a review of— (A) the technologies that compose the ca-pability and the level of maturation of such technologies; (B) the resources budgeted for the capa-bility; (C) the fielding plan for the capability; (D) any risk assessments associated with the capability; and (E) the overall acquisition strategy for the capability. (2) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the topics to be covered by the report under paragraph (1), including any preliminary data and any issues or concerns of the Comptroller Gen-eral relating to the report. (d) A
IRFORCE REPORT .—Not later than February 5, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the legacy fleet of E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that includes— (1) the modernization and sustainment strategy, and associated costs, for the air-frame and mission systems that will be used to maintain the legacy fleet of such aircraft until the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization program achieves initial operational capability; and (2) a plan that describes how the Secretary will— (A) continue to provide combatant com-manders with the current level of E–8C force support; (B) accelerate the Joint Surveillance Tar-get Attack Radar System recapitalization program to significantly decrease the time needed to achieve initial operational capa-bility without adversely affecting currently programmed E–8C manpower levels; and (C) maintain acceptable levels of risk while carrying out the activities described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). (e) PROGRAM OFFICE PERSONNEL .—Using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Air Force for fiscal year 2019 for the Joint Sur-veillance Target Attack Radar System re-capitalization program, the Secretary of the Air Force may obligate and expend funds necessary for civilian pay expenses required to manage, execute, and deliver the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization weapon system capability. (f) C
OVERED PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered program’’ means any program comprising Increment 1, Incre-ment 2, or Increment 3, of the 21st Century Advanced Battle-Management System of Systems capability of the Air Force, except the term does not include any activities under the legacy E–8C program or the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization program of the Air Force. 
SEC. 215. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR F–35 CONTINUOUS CAPA-BILITY DEVELOPMENT AND DELIV-ERY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the F–35 con-tinuous capability development and delivery program, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the con-gressional defense committees a detailed cost estimate and baseline schedule for the program, which shall include any informa-tion required for a major defense acquisition program under section 2435 of title 10, United States Code. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation in sub-section (a) does not apply to any funds au-thorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the development of the F– 35 dual capable aircraft capability. 
SEC. 216. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS PENDING REPORT ON AGILE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AND SOFTWARE OPERATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the of funds described in subsection (d), not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force sub-mits the report required under subsection (b). (b) R
EPORT .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes a description of each of the following: (1) The specific cost-estimating tools and methodologies used to formulate Air Force budgets for software application develop-ment using Agile Software Development and Software Operations (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘Agile DevOps’’) in support of mod-ernization and upgrade activities for Air Op-erations Centers. (2) The types of contracts used to execute Agile DevOps activities and the rationale for using each type of contract. (3) How intellectual property ownership issues associated with software applications developed with Agile DevOps processes will be addressed to ensure future sustainment, maintenance, and upgrades to software ap-plications after the applications are fielded. (4) The Secretary’s strategy for ensuring that software applications developed for Air Operations Centers are transportable and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4389 May 22, 2018 
translatable among all the Centers to avoid any duplication of efforts. (5) Any tools and software applications that have been developed for the Air Oper-ations Centers and the costs and cost cat-egories associated with developing each such tool and software application. (c) R
EVIEW .—Before submitting the report under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that the report is re-viewed and approved by the Director of De-fense Pricing and the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy. (d) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this subsection are the following: (1) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for Air and Space Operations Centers (PE 0207410F, Project 674596). (2) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2019 for other procurement, Air Force, for Air and Space Operations Centers. 
SEC. 217. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for High Energy Laser Advanced Technology (PE 0603924D8Z), not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Sec-retary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees— (1) a logical roadmap and detailed assess-ment of the high energy laser programs of the Department of Defense; and (2) a justification for the $33,533,000 of in-creased funding for high energy laser pro-grams authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not be construed to apply to any other high energy laser pro-gram of the Department of Defense other than the program element specified in such subsection. 
SEC. 218. PLAN FOR ELIMINATION OR TRANSFER OF THE STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan— (1) to eliminate the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense by not later than October 1, 2020; or (2) to transfer the functions of the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office to another organiza-tion or element of the Department by not later than October 1, 2020. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A timeline for the potential elimination or transfer of the activities, functions, pro-grams, plans, and resources of the Strategic Capabilities Office. (2) A strategy for mitigating risk to the programs of the Strategic Capabilities Office while the elimination or transfer is carried out. (3) A strategy for implementing the lessons learned and best practices of the Strategic Capabilities Office across the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense to promote enterprise-wide innovation. (c) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. SEC. 219. NATIONAL SECURITY SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than February 4, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a strategy (to be known as the ‘‘National Security Science and Tech-nology Strategy’’) to prioritize the science and technology efforts and investments of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy under sub-section (a) shall— (1) include specific goals for the science and technology programs of the Department of Defense in which personnel and resources of the Department are invested; (2) be aligned with the National Defense Strategy and Government-wide strategic science and technology priorities, including the defense budget priorities of the Office of Science and Technology Policy of the Presi-dent; (3) align the acquisition priorities, pro-grams, and timelines of the Department with the acquisition priorities, programs, and timelines of defense enterprise laboratories and services; (4) contain an assessment of high priority emerging technology programs of the De-partment, including programs relating to hypersonics, directed energy, synthetic biol-ogy, and artificial intelligence; (5) identify high priority research and engi-neering requirements and gaps; (6) include recommendations for changes in authorities, regulations, policies, or any other relevant areas, that would support the achievement of the goals set forth in the strategy; and (7) contain such other information as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appro-priate. (c) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 4, 2019, and annually thereafter through De-cember 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the most recent version of the strategy developed under subsection (a). (2) F
ORM OF SUBMISSION .—Each strategy submitted under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which the initial strategy under subsection (a) is completed, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the imple-mentation of the strategy. 
SEC. 220. MODIFICATION OF CVN–73 TO SUPPORT FIELDING OF MQ–25 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the aircraft carrier designated CVN–73 is modified to support the fielding of the MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle before the date on which the refueling and complex overhaul of the aircraft carrier is completed. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 221. REPORT ON SURVIVABILITY OF AIR DE-FENSE ARTILLERY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the efforts of the Army to improve the survivability of air de-fense artillery, with a particular focus on the efforts of the Army to improve passive and active nonkinetic capabilities and training with respect to such artillery. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the utility of relevant passive and active non-kinetic integrated air and missile defense capabilities, including tactical mobility, new passive and active sensors, signature reduction, concealment, and deception systems, and electronic war-fare and high-powered radio frequency sys-tems. (2) An analysis of the utility of relevant active kinetic capabilities, such as a new, long-range counter-maneuvering threat mis-sile and additional indirect fire protection capability units to defend Patriot and Ter-minal High Altitude Area Defense batteries. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. 
SEC. 222. REPORT ON T–45 AIRCRAFT PHYSIO-LOGICAL EPISODE MITIGATION AC-TIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on modifications made to T–45 aircraft and associated ground equip-ment to mitigate the risk of physiological episodes among T–45 aircraft crewmembers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a list of all modifications to the T–45 aircraft and associated ground equipment carried out during fiscal years 2017 through 2019 to mitigate the risk of physiological epi-sodes among T–45 crewmembers; (2) the results achieved by such modifica-tions as determined by relevant testing and operational activities; (3) the cost of such modifications; and (4) any plans of the Navy for future modi-fications. 
SEC. 223. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF THE AIR FORCE TO MITIGATE PHYSIO-LOGICAL EPISODES AFFECTING AIR-CRAFT CREWMEMBERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on all efforts of the Air Force to reduce the occurrence of, and miti-gate the risk posed by, physiological epi-sodes affecting crewmembers of covered air-craft. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) information on the rate of physiological episodes affecting crewmembers of covered aircraft; (2) a description of the specific actions car-ried out by the Air Force to address such epi-sodes, including a description of any up-grades or other modifications made to cov-ered aircraft to address such episodes; (3) schedules and cost estimates for any up-grades or modifications identified under paragraph (3); and (4) an explanation of any organizational or other changes to the Air Force carried out to address such physiological episodes. (c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means— (1) F–35A aircraft of the Air Force; (2) T–6A aircraft of the Air Force; and (3) any other aircraft of the Air Force as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force. 
SEC. 224. BRIEFING ON USE OF QUANTUM SCIENCES FOR MILITARY APPLICA-TIONS AND OTHER PURPOSES. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the strategy of the Secretary for using quantum sciences for military applica-tions and other purposes. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of the knowledge-base of the Department of Defense with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4390 May 22, 2018 
quantum sciences and any plans of the Sec-retary of Defense to enhance such knowl-edge-base; (2) a plan that describes how the Secretary intends to use quantum sciences for military applications and to meet other needs of the Department; and (3) an assessment of the efforts of foreign powers to use quantum sciences for military applications and other purposes. (c) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefing under subsection (a) may be provided in classified or unclassified form. 
SEC. 225. REPORT ON DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL. 
Not later than May 1, 2019, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Unit’’). Such a report shall in-clude the following: (1) The integration of the Unit into the broader Department of Defense research and engineering community to coordinate and de-conflict activities of the Unit with simi-lar activities of the military departments, Defense Agencies, Department of Defense laboratories, the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency, and other entities. (2) The metrics used to measure the effec-tiveness of the Unit and the results of these metrics. (3) The number and types of transitions by the Unit to the military departments or fielded to the warfighter. (4) The use of other transaction authority by the Unit to include the process, proce-dures, documentation, and oversight of awards made using such authority. (5) The impact of the Unit’s initiatives, outreach, and investments on Department of Defense access to technology leaders and technology not otherwise accessible to the Department including— (A) identification of the number of non-tra-ditional companies with Department of De-fense contracts resulting directly from the Unit’s initiatives, investments, or outreach; (B) the number of innovations delivered into the hands of the warfighter; and (C) how the Department is notifying its in-ternal components about participation in the Unit. (6) How the Department of Defense is docu-menting and institutionalizing lessons learned and best practices of the Unit to al-leviate the systematic problems with tech-nology access and timely contract execution. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are here by authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. INCLUSION OF CONSIDERATION OF EN-ERGY AND CLIMATE RESILIENCY EF-FORTS IN MASTER PLANS FOR MAJOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) energy and climate resiliency ef-forts.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘energy and climate resil-iency’ means anticipation, preparation for, and adaptation to utility disruptions and changing environmental conditions and the ability to withstand, respond to and recover rapidly from utility disruptions while ensur-ing the sustainment of mission-critical oper-ations.’’. SEC. 312. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF ELECTRICAL ENERGY DERIVED FROM GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES FOR PROJECTS AT MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS WHERE RESOURCES ARE LOCATED. 
Subsection (b) of section 2916 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Proceeds’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (3), proceeds’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) In the case of proceeds from a sale of electrical energy generated from any geo-thermal energy resource— ‘‘(A) 50 percent shall be credited to the ap-propriation account described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) 50 percent shall be deposited in a spe-cial account in the Treasury established by the Secretary concerned which shall be available, for military construction projects described in paragraph (2) or for installation energy or water security projects directly coordinated with local area energy or groundwater governing authorities, for the military installation in which the geo-thermal energy resource is located.’’. 
SEC. 313. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZED PERIODS OF PERMITTED INCIDENTAL TAKINGS OF MARINE MAMMALS IN THE COURSE OF SPECIFIED ACTIVI-TIES BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 101(a)(5)(A) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371(a)(5)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Upon re-quest’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided by clause (ii), upon request’’; (2) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and (3) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) In the case of a request described in clause (i) made by the Department of De-fense, such clause shall be applied— ‘‘(I) in the matter preceding clause (I), by substituting ‘ten consecutive years’ for ‘five consecutive years’; and ‘‘(II) in clause (I), by substituting ‘ten- year’ for ‘five-year’.’’. 
SEC. 314. STATE MANAGEMENT AND CONSERVA-TION OF SPECIES. 
(a) S AGE-GROUSE AND PRAIRIE -CHICKEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the conservation status of each of the Greater Sage-grouse ( Centrocercus urophasianus) and the Lesser Prairie-Chicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) shall be not-warranted for list-ing. (2) S
UBSEQUENT DETERMINATIONS .—In deter- mining conservation efficacy for purposes of making any determination of such status after such 10-year period, the Secretary of the Interior shall fully consider all conserva-tion actions of States, Federal agencies, and military installations. (b) A
MERICAN BURYING BEETLE .—Notwith- standing the final rule of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle (Nicrophorus americanus) may not be listed as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (c) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of statute or regulation, this section shall not be subject to judicial review. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. EXAMINATION OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 7304(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) Any naval vessel examined under this section on or after October 1, 2019, shall be examined without prior notice provided to the crew of the vessel. ‘‘(3) Any report generated relating to an examination under this section shall be un-classified and made publicly available.’’. 
SEC. 322. OVERHAUL AND REPAIR OF NAVAL VES-SELS IN FOREIGN SHIPYARDS. 
(a) T REATMENT OF NAVAL VESSELS WITHOUT  D
ESIGNATED HOMEPORTS .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 7310 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘For the purpose of this section, a naval vessel that does not have a designated homeport shall be treated in the same manner as a vessel with a home-port in the United States or Guam.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF VOYAGE REPAIR .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘as de-fined’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Volume III’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered naval vessel’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) A naval vessel. ‘‘(B) Any other vessel under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of the Navy. ‘‘(C) A vessel not described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) that is operated pursuant to a contract entered into by the Secretary of the Navy and the Maritime Administration or the United States Transportation Com-mand in support of Department of Defense operations. ‘‘(2) The term ‘voyage repair’ means repair performed solely for the corrective mainte-nance of mission or safety essential items necessary for a vessel to deploy or continue its deployment.’’. 
SEC. 323. LIMITATION ON LENGTH OF OVERSEAS FORWARD DEPLOYMENT OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7320. Limitation on length of overseas for-ward deployment of naval vessels ‘‘(a) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that no naval vessel is for-ward deployed overseas for a period in excess of ten years. At the end of a period of over-seas forward deployment, the vessel shall be assigned a homeport in the United States. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation under subsection (a) with respect to a naval vessel if the Sec-retary submits to the congressional defense committees notice in writing of— ‘‘(1) the waiver of such limitation with re-spect to the vessel; ‘‘(2) the date on which the period of over-seas forward deployment of the vessel is ex-pected to end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4391 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(3) the factors used by the Secretary to determine that a longer period of deploy-ment would promote the national defense or be in the public interest.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘7320. Limitation on length of overseas for-ward deployment of naval ves-sels.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CURRENTLY DEPLOYED  V
ESSELS .—In the case of any naval vessel that has been forward deployed overseas for a period in excess of ten years as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that such vessel is assigned a homeport in the United States by not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and House of Representa-tives a briefing on the plan of the Secretary for the rotation of forward deployed naval vessels. 
SEC. 324. TEMPORARY MODIFICATION OF WORK-LOAD CARRYOVER FORMULA. 
During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2021, in carrying out chapter 9, volume 2B (relating to Instructions for the Preparation of Exhibit Fund-11a Carryover Reconciliation) of Department of Defense regulation 7000.14-R, entitled ‘‘Financial Management Regulation (FMR)’’, in addition to any other applicable exemptions, the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that with re-spect to each military department depot or arsenal, outlay rates— (1) reflect the timing of when during a fis-cal year appropriations have historically funded workload; and (2) account for the varying repair cycle times of the workload supported. 
SEC. 325. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR IM-PLEMENTATION OF ELEMENTS OF MASTER PLAN FOR REDEVELOP-MENT OF FORMER SHIP REPAIR FA-CILITY IN GUAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Navy for fiscal year 2019 may be obligated or expended for any construction, alteration, repair, or develop-ment of the real property consisting of the Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation under sub-section (a) does not apply to any project that directly supports depot-level ship mainte-nance capabilities, including the mooring of a floating dry dock. (c) F
ORMER SHIP REPAIR FACILITY IN  G
UAM.—In this section, the term ‘‘Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam’’ means the property identified by that name under the base realignment and closure authority car-ried out under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101-510; 10 USC 2687 note). 
SEC. 326. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS FOR PRO-POSED RELOCATION OF J85 ENGINE REGIONAL REPAIR CENTER. 
(a) B USINESS CASE ANALYSIS .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force shall prepare a busi-ness case analysis on the proposed relocation of the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. Such analysis shall include each of the fol-lowing: (1) An overview of each alternative consid-ered for the J85 Engine Regional Repair Cen-ter. (2) The one-time and annual costs associ-ated with each such alternative. (3) The effect of each such alternative on workload capacity, capability, schedule, throughput, and costs. (4) The effect of each such alternative on Government-furnished parts, components, and equipment, including mitigation strate-gies to address known limitations to T38 pro-duction throughput, especially such limita-tions caused by Government-furnished parts, equipment, or transportation. (5) The effect of each such alternative on the transition of the Air Force to the T-X training aircraft. (6) A detailed rationale for the selection of an alternative considered as part of the busi-ness case analysis under this section. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RELO-
CATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for the Air Force, may be obligated or expended for any action to relocate the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center until the date that is 150 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force provides to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a brief-ing on the business case analysis required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 327. ARMY ADVANCED AND ADDITIVE MANU-FACTURING CENTER OF EXCEL-LENCE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Army shall establish a Center of Excellence on Advanced and Additive Manufacturing at an arsenal (hereafter referred to as ‘‘the Cen-ter’’). (b) P
URPOSES .—The Center established in section (a) shall— (1) support the efforts of the Army to im-plement advanced and additive manufac-turing techniques and capabilities across the Army industrial facilities (as defined by sec-tion 4544(j) of title 10, United States Code); (2) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other lo-gistics needs; (3) identify and implement appropriate cyber protections to ensure viability of ad-vanced and additive manufacturing within the Army organic industrial base in con-sultation with the Army Cyber Center of Ex-cellence and other appropriate government and private sector entities; and (4) aid in the procurement of advanced and additive manufacturing equipment and sup-port services including training. (c) A
SSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army may use public-private partnerships and other transactional activity pursuant to section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, with covered entities to facilitate the devel-opment of advanced and additive manufac-turing techniques in support of Army indus-trial facilities. (2) T
ERMS OF PARTNERSHIPS AND AGREE -
MENTS .—Public-private partnerships and other transactional activity under paragraph (1)— (A) shall facilitate development and imple-mentation of advanced and additive manu-facturing techniques and capabilities that support the Army organic industrial base; (B) may support necessary workforce de-velopment and support efforts to sustain ad-vanced and additive manufacturing in the Army organic industrial base; (C) shall facilitate appropriate sharing of information in the adaptation of advanced and additive manufacturing into the Army organic industrial base; and (D) shall facilitate implementation of ap-propriate cyber protections into advanced and additive manufacturing tools and tech-niques. (d) D
EFINITION OF COVERED ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered entity’’ in-cludes— (1) community and technical colleges; (2) research universities; (3) State and local governments; (4) economic development entities; (5) non-profit technical associations in ad-vanced manufacturing; and (6) non-profit organizations with a focus on improving the defense industrial base. Subtitle D—Reports SEC. 331. MATTERS FOR INCLUSION IN QUAR-TERLY REPORTS ON PERSONNEL AND UNIT READINESS. 
Section 482 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting after ‘‘deficiency’’ the following: ‘‘in the ground, sea, air, space, and cyber forces, and in such other such areas as determined by the Sec-retary of Defense,’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
SSIGNED MISSION ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (2) as para-graph (3); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) A report for the second or fourth quar-ter of a calendar year under this section shall also include an assessment by each commander of a geographic or functional combatant command of the readiness of the command to conduct operations in a multi-domain battle that integrates ground, air, sea, space, and cyber forces.’’. 
SEC. 332. ANNUAL COMPTROLLER GENERAL RE-VIEWS OF READINESS OF ARMED FORCES TO CONDUCT FULL SPEC-TRUM OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EVIEWS REQUIRED .—For each of cal-endar years 2018 through 2021, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct an annual review of the readiness of the Armed Forces to conduct each of the fol-lowing types of full spectrum operations: (1) Ground. (2) Sea. (3) Air. (4) Space. (5) Cyber. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting a review under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall— (1) use standard methodology and report-ing formats in order to show changes over time; (2) evaluate, using fiscal year 2017 as the base year of analysis— (A) force structure; (B) the ability of major operational units to conduct operations; and (C) the status of equipment, manning, and training; and (3) provide reasons for any variances in readiness levels, including changes in fund-ing, availability in parts, training opportuni-ties, and operational demands. (c) M
ETRICS .—For purposes of the reviews required by this section, the Secretary of De-fense shall identify and establish metrics for measuring readiness for the operations cov-ered by subsection (a). In the first review conducted under this section, the Comp-troller General shall evaluate and determine the validity of such metrics. (d) A
CCESS TO RELEVANT DATA.—For pur- poses of this section, the Secretary of De-fense shall ensure that the Comptroller Gen-eral has access to all relevant data, includ-ing— (1) any assessments of the ability of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces to execute operational and contin-gency plans; (2) any internal Department readiness and force structure assessments; and (3) the readiness databases of the Depart-ment and the Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4392 May 22, 2018 
(e) R EPORTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Feb-ruary 28, 2019, and annually thereafter until 2022, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives an an-nual report on the review conducted under subsection (a) for the year preceding the year during which the report is submitted. (2) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—At the discretion of the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General may submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives additional reports address-ing specific mission areas within the oper-ations covered by subsection (a) in order to provide an independent assessment of readi-ness in the areas of equipping, mapping, and training. 
SEC. 333. SURFACE WARFARE TRAINING IM-PROVEMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In 2017, there were three collisions and one grounding involving United States Navy ships in the Western Pacific. The two most recent mishaps involved separate incidents of a Japan-based United States Navy de-stroyer colliding with a commercial mer-chant vessel, resulting in the combined loss of 17 sailors. (2) The causal factors in these four mishaps are linked directly to a failure to take suffi-cient action in accordance with the rules of good seamanship. (3) Because risks are high in the maritime environment, there are widely accepted standards for safe seamanship and naviga-tion. In the United States, the International Convention on Standards of Training, Cer-tification and Watchkeeping (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘STCW’’) for Seafarers, standardizes the skills and foundational knowledge a maritime profes-sional must have in seamanship and naviga-tion. (4) Section 568 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328; 130 Stat. 2139) endorsed the STCW process and required the Secretary of Defense to maximize the extent to which Armed Forces service, training, and quali-fications are creditable toward meeting mer-chant mariner licenses and certifications. (5) The Surface Warfare Officer Course Cur-riculum is being modified to include ten in-dividual Go/No Go Mariner Assessments/ Competency Check Milestones to ensure standardization and quality of the surface warfare community. (6) The Military-to-Mariner Transition re-port of September 2017 notes the Army main-tains an extensive STCW qualifications pro-gram and that a similar Navy program does not exist. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of the Navy should estab-lish a comprehensive individual proficiency assessment process and include such an as-sessment prior to all operational surface warfare officer tour assignments; and (2) the Secretary of the Navy should sig-nificantly expand the STCW qualifications process to improve seamanship and naviga-tion individual skills training for surface warfare candidates, surface warfare officers, quartermasters and operations specialists to include an increased set of courses that di-rectly correspond to STCW standards. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes each of the following: (1) A detailed description of the surface warfare officer assessments process. (2) A list of programs that have been ap-proved for credit toward merchant mariner credentials. (3) A complete gap analysis of the existing surface warfare training curriculum and STCW. (4) A complete gap analysis of the existing surface warfare training curriculum and the 3rd mate unlimited licensing requirement. (5) An assessment of surface warfare op-tions to complete the 3rd mate unlimited li-cense and the STCW qualification. SEC. 334. REPORT ON OPTIMIZING SURFACE NAVY VESSEL INSPECTIONS AND CREW CERTIFICATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to Congress a report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew certifi-cations to reduce the burden of inspection type visits that vessels undergo. Such report shall include— (1) an audit of all surface Navy vessel in-spections, certifications, and required and recommended assist visits; (2) an analysis of such inspections, certifi-cations, and visits for redundancies, as well as any necessary items not covered; (3) recommendations to streamline surface vessel inspections, certifications, and re-quired and recommended assist visits to op-timize effectiveness, improve material readi-ness, and restore training readiness; and (4) recommendations for congressional ac-tion to address the needs of the Navy as identified in the report. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the House Committee on Armed Services an interim briefing on the matters to be included in the report required by subsection (a). Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 341. COAST GUARD REPRESENTATION ON EXPLOSIVE SAFETY BOARD. 
Section 172(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ and in-serting ‘‘Marine Corps, and Coast Guard’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘When the Coast Guard is not op-erating as a service in the Department of the Navy, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall appoint an officer of the Coast Guard to serve as a voting member of the board.’’. 
SEC. 342. SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLE-FIELD DESIGNATION. 
(a) A REAS TO BEADDED TO SHILOH NA-
TIONAL MILITARY PARK.— (1) A
DDITIONAL AREAS .—The boundary of Shiloh National Military Park is modified to include the areas that are generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Shiloh National Mili-tary Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 304/80,011, and dated July 2014, as follows: (A) Fallen Timbers Battlefield. (B) Russell House Battlefield. (C) Davis Bridge Battlefield. (2) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may acquire lands described in paragraph (1) by donation, purchase from willing sellers with donated or appropriated funds, or ex-change. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .—Any lands acquired under this section shall be administered as part of the Park. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF AFFILIATED AREA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Parker’s Crossroads Bat-tlefield in the State of Tennessee is hereby established as an affiliated area of the Na-tional Park System. (2) DESCRIPTION .—The affiliated area shall consist of the area generally depicted within the ‘‘Proposed Boundary’’ on the map enti-tled ‘‘Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, Pro-posed Boundary’’, numbered 903/80,073, and dated July 2014. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The affiliated area shall be managed in accordance with this section and all laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (4) M
ANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The City of Parkers Crossroads and the Tennessee His-torical Commission shall jointly be the man-agement entity for the affiliated area. (5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide technical assistance and enter into cooperative agreements with the management entity for the purpose of pro-viding financial assistance with marketing, marking, interpretation, and preservation of the affiliated area. (6) L
IMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .—Noth- ing in this section authorizes the Secretary to acquire property at the affiliated area or to assume overall financial responsibility for the operation, maintenance, or management of the affiliated area. (7) G
ENERAL MANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the management entity, shall develop a general management plan for the affiliated area. The plan shall be prepared in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date that funds are made available for this section, the Secretary shall provide a copy of the completed general management plan to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (c) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .— (1) N
O USE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Sec- retary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interests in land under this sec-tion or for the purposes of this section. (2) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non- Federal property may be included in the Shi-loh National Military Park without the writ-ten consent of the owner. (3) N
O BUFFER ZONE CREATED .—Nothing in this section, the establishment of the Shiloh National Military Park, or the management plan for the Shiloh National Military Park shall be construed to create buffer zones out-side of the Park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Shiloh National Military Park shall not preclude, limit, control, regulate, or deter-mine the conduct or management of activi-ties or uses outside of the Park. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘affiliated area’’ means the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield established as an affiliated area of the National Park System under subsection (b). (2) The term ‘‘Park’’ means Shiloh Na-tional Military Park, a unit of the National Park System. (3) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
SEC. 343. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CRIT-ICAL MINERALS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the final composition of the critical minerals list, as ordered by Executive Order 13817, should in-clude aggregates, copper, molybendum, gold, zinc, nickel, lead, silver, and certain fer-tilizer compounds in addition to the 35 min-erals included in the draft list, as published on February 16, 2018, for public comment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4393 May 22, 2018 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army, 487,500. (2) The Navy, 335,400. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,100. (4) The Air Force, 329,100. 
SEC. 402. REVISIONS IN PERMANENT ACTIVE DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEVELS. 
Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) For the Army, 487,500. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 335,400. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 186,100. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 329,100.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411 . END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,100. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 107,100. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 70,000. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on ac-tive duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are re-leased from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased propor-tionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412 . END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON ACTIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RESERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in sec-tion 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, the following number of Re-serves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of orga-nizing, administering, recruiting, instruct-ing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,595. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,386. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,110. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 19,861. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,849. 
SEC. 413 . END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military techni-cians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2019 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 18,969. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. SEC. 414 . MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2019, the maximum num-ber of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421 . MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of ap-propriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2019. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Regular Component Management 
SEC. 501. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO AWARD CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE CREDIT FOR ADVANCED EDUCATION, EXPE-RIENCE, OR TRAINING, UPON ORIGI-NAL APPOINTMENT AS A COMMIS-SIONED OFFICER. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTY LISTAPPOINTMENTS .—Sec- tion 533(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘with cyberspace-related ex-perience or advanced education’’ and insert-ing ‘‘with advanced education, special expe-rience, or special training in a designated field’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘critically’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘in a particular cyberspace- related field’’ and inserting ‘‘in such des-ignated field’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘operational’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘in a cyberspace-related field’’ and inserting ‘‘in such designated field’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘operational’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The amount of constructive service credited an officer under this subsection may not exceed the amount required for the offi-cer to be eligible for an original appointment in the grade of— ‘‘(A) colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps; or ‘‘(B) captain in the Navy.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘des-ignated field’ includes the following: ‘‘(A) Cyberspace. ‘‘(B) Any scientific or technical field des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(C) Any other field designated by the Sec-retary of Defense as a field— ‘‘(i) that requires a high level of skill; and ‘‘(ii) that an insufficient number of officers possess in the military department con-cerned.’’. (b) RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS LISTAPPOINT -
MENTS .—Section 12207 of such title is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘sub-section (b) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b), (e), or (g)’’; (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e), or (g)’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (4) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g)(1) Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, if the Secretary of a military department determines that the number of commissioned officers serving on the reserve active-status list in an armed force under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary with advanced education, special ex-perience, or special training in a designated field is below the number needed, such Sec-retary may credit any person receiving an original appointment with a period of con-structive service for the following: ‘‘(A) Any period of advanced education in such designated field beyond the bacca-laureate degree level if such advanced edu-cation is directly related to the needs of the armed force concerned. ‘‘(B) Special experience or special training in such designated field if such experience or training is directly related to the needs of the armed force concerned. ‘‘(2) The amount of constructive service credited an officer under this subsection may not exceed the amount required for the offi-cer to be eligible for an original appointment in the grade of— ‘‘(A) colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps; or ‘‘(B) captain in the Navy. ‘‘(3) Constructive service credited an offi-cer under this subsection is in addition to any service credited that officer under sub-section (a) and shall be credited at the time of the original appointment of the officer. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘des-ignated field’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) Cyberspace. ‘‘(B) Any scientific or technical field des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(C) Any other field designated by the Sec-retary of Defense as a field— ‘‘(i) that requires a high level of skill; and ‘‘(ii) that an insufficient number of officers possess in the military department con-cerned.’’. 
SEC. 502. SURFACE WARFARE OFFICERS CAREER PATHS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 602 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 6933. Surface warfare officers: career paths ‘‘Any naval officer who is commissioned as a surface warfare officer on or after January 1, 2021, shall be assigned to one of the fol-lowing career paths: ‘‘(1) Ship engineering systems. ‘‘(2) Ship operations and combat systems.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘6933. Surface warfare officers: career paths.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4394 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 503. AUTHORITY OF SELECTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED AT THE TOP OF THE PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) R ECOMMENDATION BY SELECTION  B
OARD .—Section 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection (g): ‘‘(g)(1) A selection board may recommend an officer of particular merit from among of-ficers recommended for promotion under subsection (a) to be placed at the top of a promotion list established by the Secretary of the military department concerned under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) A selection board may make a rec-ommendation under this subsection only if such recommendation is appropriate in the opinion of a majority of the members of the selection board. ‘‘(3) A selection board may make rec-ommendations under this subsection for no more than the number equal to 20 percent of the maximum number of officers that the board is authorized to recommend for pro-motion. If the number determined under this paragraph is less than one, the board may recommend one such officer. ‘‘(4) A selection board that recommends under this subsection that more than one of-ficer be placed at the top of a promotion list shall recommend the order in which such of-ficers should be promoted.’’. (b) A
CTION BY SECRETARY CONCERNED ON  R
ECOMMENDATION OF SELECTION BOARD .—Sec- tion 618(a) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘to law or regulation or to guidelines’’ and inserting ‘‘to law, regula-tion, or guidelines’’ each place it appears; (2) by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of a rec-ommendation under section 616(g) of this title, the determination of the Secretary concerned’’ after ‘‘section 615(b) of this title’’ each place it appears; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘law, regu-lation, and such guidelines’’ and inserting ‘‘law, regulation, such guidelines, and the de-termination of the Secretary concerned,’’. (c) P
RIORITY IN PROMOTION LIST.—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, subject to section 616(g) of this title’’ after ‘‘active-duty list’’. 
SEC. 504. DEFERRED DEPLOYMENT FOR MEM-BERS WHO GIVE BIRTH. 
Section 701 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(l) A member of the armed forces who gives birth while on active duty may not be deployed during the period of 12 months be-ginning on the date of such birth except— ‘‘(1) at the election of such member; and ‘‘(2) with the approval of a health care pro-vider employed at a military medical treat-ment facility.’’. 
SEC. 505. CODIFICATION OF LOWERED GRADE FOR RETIRED OFFICERS OR PER-SONS WHO COMMITTED MIS-CONDUCT IN A LOWER GRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1370 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘N
EXT’’; (2) by striking ‘‘An’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) An’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) In the case of an officer or person whom the Secretary concerned determines committed misconduct in a lower grade, the Secretary concerned may determine the offi-cer or person has not served satisfactorily in any grade equal to or higher than that lower grade.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘higher’’ and inserting ‘‘different’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘except as provided in para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (2) and subsection (b)’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘An of-ficer’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (b), an officer’’; and (3) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘higher’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘different’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subsection (b),’’ before ‘‘shall’’. SEC. 506. RETENTION OF MILITARY TECHNICIANS WHO LOSE DUAL STATUS UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Section 10216(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘as the re-sult of a combat-related disability (as de-fined in section 1413a of this title), the per-son may be retained’’ and inserting ‘‘for any reason other than a disqualification de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall appoint that person to a position under section 3101 of title 5, in accordance with sec-tion 2102(a) of that title,’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘the combat-related’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (3). Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. PLACEMENT OF NATIONAL GUARD MILI-TARY TECHNICIANS (DUAL STATUS) IN THE COMPETITIVE SERVICE. 
Section 10508 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 2103’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2102’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF MILITARY TECHNICIAN  (
DUAL STATUS ).— ‘‘(1) P
RIOR CONVERSIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall convert any military technician (dual status) occupying a position in the ex-cepted service to a position in the competi-tive service. For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘military technician (dual status)’ means any military technician (dual status) of the National Guard of any State, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, Guam, or the Virgin Islands who, before the date of enactment of this sub-section, was converted to a position in the excepted service by operation of this section and section 1053 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 981; 10 U.S.C. 10216 note). ‘‘(2) F
UTURE CONVERSIONS .—Any military technician (dual status) of the National Guard of any State, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, Guam, or the Virgin Islands converted under this section and such section 1053 after the date of enactment of this subsection to a po-sition filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5 shall be con-verted to a position in the competitive serv-ice. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘competitive service’ has the meaning given that term in section 2102 of title 5; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘excepted service’ has the meaning given that term in section 2103 of such title.’’. 
SEC. 512. AUTHORIZED STRENGTH AND DIS-TRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
(a) S TRENGTH AND GRADE AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—Section 12011(a) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking those parts of the table pertaining to the Air Na-tional Guard and inserting the following: 
‘‘Air Na-tional Guard: Major Lieutenant Colonel Colonel 10,000 ........... 763 745 333 ‘‘Air Na-tional Guard: Major Lieutenant Colonel Colonel 12,000 ........... 915 923 377 14,000 ........... 1,065 1,057 402 16,000 ........... 1,211 1,185 426 18,000 ........... 1,347 1,313 450 20,000 ........... 1,463 1,440 468 22,000 ........... 1,606 1,569 494 24,000 ........... 1,739 1,697 517 26,000 ........... 1,872 1,825 539 28,000 ........... 2,005 1,954 562 30,000 ........... 2,138 2,082 585 32,000 ........... 2,271 2,210 608 34,000 ........... 2,404 2,338 630 36,000 ........... 2,537 2,466 653 38,000 ........... 2,670 2,595 676 40,000 ........... 2,803 2,723 698’’. (b) S TRENGTH AND GRADE AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—Section 12012(a) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking those parts of the table pertaining to the Air Na-tional Guard and inserting the following: 
‘‘Air National Guard: E-8 E-9 10,000 ................................. 1,350 550 12,000 ................................. 1,466 594 14,000 ................................. 1,582 636 16,000 ................................. 1,698 676 18,000 ................................. 1,814 714 20,000 ................................. 1,930 752 22,000 ................................. 2,046 790 24,000 ................................. 2,162 828 26,000 ................................. 2,278 866 28,000 ................................. 2,394 904 30,000 ................................. 2,510 942 32,000 ................................. 2,626 980 34,000 ................................. 2,742 1,018 36,000 ................................. 2,858 1,056 38,000 ................................. 2,974 1,094 40,000 ................................. 3,090 1,132’’. SEC. 513. NATIONAL GUARD PROMOTION AC-COUNTABILITY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Guard Promotion Ac-countability Act’’. (b) D
ATE OF RANK OF COMMISSIONED NA-
TIONAL GUARD OFFICERS PROMOTED TO A  H
IGHER GRADE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as designated by sub-paragraph (A) of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘on which such Federal recognition in that grade is so extended’’ and inserting ‘‘of the approval of the promotion of the officer to that grade by the State concerned’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Notwithstanding subsection (c)(1), the date of rank in a higher grade of an offi-cer whose effective date of promotion to such grade is governed by paragraph (1) shall be such effective date of promotion. ‘‘(B) The specification of the date of rank of an officer in a grade pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall be deemed an adjustment of the date of rank of the officer to that grade in the manner of section 741(d)(4) of this title, pursuant to subsection (c)(2), to which section 741(d)(4)(C) of this title shall apply, notwithstanding subsection (c)(3).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to National Guard officers whose promotion to a grade is ap-proved by a State after that date. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON DELAY IN PUBLI-
CATION OF SCROLLS INDICATING PROMOTION OF  C
OMMISSIONED NATIONAL GUARD OFFICERS .— (1) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—If at the end of the 200-day period beginning on the receipt by the Department of the Army or the Depart-ment of the Air Force of a scroll indicating the promotion of commissioned officers in the Army National Guard or Air National Guard, as applicable, the scroll has not been published by the military department con-cerned, the Secretary of the Army or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4395 May 22, 2018 
Secretary of the Air Force, as the case may be, shall immediately notify the congres-sional defense committees, in writing, of the following: (A) The date on which the scroll was so re-ceived. (B) A description of the processing of the scroll by the military department concerned as of the date of the report, including a statement of the length of time in processing at each stage in the process through that date. (C) The reason why the scroll was not pub-lished within 200 days of receipt, and the in-tended remediation for the delay in publica-tion. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘congressional defense com-mittees’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. (B) The term ‘‘scroll’’ has the meaning given that term in Department of Defense Instruction 1310.02, and any successor in-struction or document. 
SEC. 514. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF RETIRED SEN-IOR ENLISTED MEMBERS OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD AS ARMY NATIONAL GUARD RECRUITERS. 
Section 514 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115-91) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records 
SEC. 521. ENLISTMENTS VITAL TO THE NATIONAL INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 504(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and subject to paragraph (3),’’ after ‘‘Notwithstanding paragraph (1),’’; (B) by striking ‘‘enlistment is vital to the national interest.’’ and inserting ‘‘person possesses a skill or expertise—’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) that is vital to the national interest; and ‘‘(B) that the person will use in daily du-ties as a member of the armed forces.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) No person who enlists under para-graph (2) may report to initial training until after the Secretary concerned has completed all required background investigations and security and suitability screening as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense regarding that person. ‘‘(B) A Secretary concerned may not au-thorize more than 1,000 enlistments under paragraph (2) per military department in a calendar year until after— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress written notice of the intent of that Secretary concerned to authorize more than 1,000 such enlistments in a calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) a period of 30 days has elapsed after the date on which Congress receives the no-tice.’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, and annually thereafter for each of the subsequent four years, the Secretary concerned shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Armed Services and the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives regarding persons who enter into en-listment contracts under section 504(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) ELEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include the following: (A) The number of such persons who have entered into such contracts during the pre-ceding calendar year. (B) How many such persons have success-fully completed background investigations and vetting procedures. (C) How many such persons have begun ini-tial training. (D) The skills that are vital to the national interest that such persons possess. 
SEC. 522. STATEMENT OF BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 58 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1155. Statement of benefits ‘‘(a) B
EFORE SEPARATION .—Not later than 30 days before a member retires, is released, is discharged, or otherwise separates from the armed forces (or as soon as is practicable in the case of an unanticipated separation), the Secretary concerned shall provide that member with a current assessment of all benefits to which that member is entitled under laws administered by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL STATEMENT FOR RESERVES .— Not less than once each year, the Secretary concerned shall provide each member of a re-serve component with a current assessment of benefits described in subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1154 the following new item: ‘‘1155. Statement of benefits.’’. 
SEC. 523. MODIFICATION TO FORMS OF SUPPORT THAT MAY BE ACCEPTED IN SUP-PORT OF THE MISSION OF THE DE-FENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGEN-CY. 
(a) P UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—Sub- section (a) of section 1501a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘An employee of an entity outside the Government that has entered into a public-private partnership, co-operative agreement, or a grant arrangement with, or in direct support of, the designated Defense Agency under this section shall be considered to be an employee of the Federal Government by reason of participation in such partnership, cooperative agreement, or grant, only for the purposes of section 552a of title 5 (relating to maintenance of records on individuals).’’. (b) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT GIFTS IN SUPPORT  
OFMISSION TO ACCOUNT FOR MISSING PERSONS  F
ROM PASTCONFLICTS .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS.— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT .—Subject to sub-section (f)(2), the Secretary may accept, hold, administer, spend, and use any gift of personal property, money, or services made on the condition that the gift be used for the purpose of facilitating accounting for miss-ing persons pursuant to section 1501(a)(2)(C) of this title. ‘‘(2) G
IFT FUNDS .—Gifts and bequests of money accepted under this subsection shall be deposited in the Treasury in the Depart-ment of Defense General Gift Fund. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF GIFTS .—Personal property and money accepted under this subsection may be used by the Secretary, and services ac-cepted under this subsection may be per-formed, without further specific authoriza-tion in law. ‘‘(4) E
XPENSES OF TRANSFER .—The Sec-retary may pay all necessary expenses in connection with the conveyance or transfer of a gift accepted under this subsection. ‘‘(5) EXPENSES OF CARE .—The Secretary may pay all reasonable and necessary ex-penses in connection with the care of a gift accepted under this subsection.’’; and (3) by adding at the end of subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) G
IFT.—The term ‘gift’ includes a de-vise or bequest.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)’’. 
SEC. 524. CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS WEBSITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1552(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall also publish on such website a summary of each such de-cision, indexed by subject matter. The Sec-retary shall redact all personally identifiable information from any such decision and sum-mary.’’ (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. 
SEC. 525. MODIFICATION OF DD FORM 214 TO IN-CLUDE EMAIL ADDRESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify the Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) by adding an entry block in which a member of the Armed Forces may provide one or more email addresses at which the member may be contacted after separation from ac-tive duty in the Armed Forces. (b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall carry out subsection (a) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 526. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS RE-LATED TO SENIOR LEADER MIS-CONDUCT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WEBSITE .—The Sec- retary of Defense and each Secretary of a military department shall make available on a public website of the Department of De-fense all reports on substantiated investiga-tions of misconduct completed by the Inspec-tors General of the Department and each military department regarding— (1) an officer in the grade of O-7 or higher; (2) an officer selected for promotion to grade O-7; or (3) a civilian member of the Senior Execu-tive Service. (b) P
UBLISHED REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall be— (1) properly redacted; (2) segregated from documents regarding ongoing investigations (including announce-ments); (3) labelled with the name of subject of the investigation; and (4) searchable by the name of subject of the investigation. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall carry out this section not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 527. APPOINTMENT AND TRAINING OF PER-SONNEL TO STAFF THE BOARD OF CORRECTIONS FOR MILITARY AND NAVAL RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Service Secretaries and Joint Chiefs, shall provide for the ap-pointment and training of qualified per-sonnel to join the staff of the Boards of Cor-rections for Military and Naval Records. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense a total of $3,000,000.00, in order to carry out the train-ing required by subsection (a) and to provide related equipment and accommodations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4396 May 22, 2018 
Subtitle D—Military Justice 
SEC. 531. MINIMUM CONFINEMENT PERIOD RE-QUIRED FOR CONVICTION OF CER-TAIN SEX-RELATED OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 56(b)(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘such punishment must include, at a min-imum, dismissal or dishonorable discharge, except as provided for in section 860 of this title (article 60)’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided for in section 860 of this title (arti-cle 60), such punishment must include, at a minimum—’’ ‘‘(A) dismissal or dishonorable discharge; and ‘‘(B) confinement for two years.’’. 
SEC. 532. PUNITIVE ARTICLE IN THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE ON DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 928 (article 128) the following new sec-tion (article): ‘‘§ 928a. Art 128a. Domestic violence ‘‘(a) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE .—Any person sub-ject to this chapter who, unlawfully and with force or violence, attempts, offers to, or does intimidate, manipulate, humiliate, isolate, frighten, terrorize, coerce, threaten, blame, hurt, injure, or wound another person of whom the person is an intimate partner is guilty of domestic violence and shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) A
GGRAVATED DOMESTIC VIOLENCE .— Any person subject to this chapter who, in committing domestic violence, uses a weap-on, means, or force in a manner likely to produce death or grievous bodily harm is guilty of aggravated domestic violence and shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 928 (ar-ticle 128) the following new item: ‘‘928a. 128a. Domestic violence.’’. 
SEC. 533. DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON IN-VESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(c)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘After a majority vote by the Ad-visory Committee and upon request of the Chair of the Advisory Committee, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the Advi-sory Committee information the Secretary determines is relevant to the scope and mis-sion of the Advisory Committee under this section.’’. 
SEC. 534. MODIFICATION OF MILITARY RULES OF EVIDENCE TO EXCLUDE ADMISSI-BILITY OF GENERAL MILITARY CHARACTER TOWARD PROBABILITY OF INNOCENCE IN ANY OFFENSE NOT STRICTLY RELATED TO PER-FORMANCE OF MILITARY DUTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, Rule 404(a) of the Military Rules of Evidence shall be amended to provide that the general military character of an accused is not ad-missible for the purpose of showing the prob-ability of innocence of the accused for any offense under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), unless such offense is strictly and solely related to the performance of military duties. (b) SPECIFICATION OF OFFENSES FOR WHICH A
DMISSIBILITY ALLOWED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary concerned shall specify, and may from time to time modify, the offenses under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, for which the mili-tary character of members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary is admissible pursuant to subsection (a) as a result of such offense being strictly and solely related to the performance of military duties. (2) A
PPROVAL OF PRESIDENT REQUIRED .—The specification of an offense pursuant to para-graph (1), and any modification of such speci-fication, shall not be effective unless ap-proved by the President. (3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 535. IMPROVED CRIME REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a con-solidated tracking process for the entire De-partment of Defense to ensure increased oversight of the timely submission of crime reporting data to the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation under section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code, and Department of De-fense Instruction 5505.11, ‘‘Fingerprint Card and Final Disposition Report Submission Re-quirements’’. The tracking process shall, to the maximum extent possible, standardize and automate reporting and increase the ability of the Department to track such sub-missions. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and House of Representa-tives that details the tracking process. 
SEC. 536. OVERSIGHT OF REGISTERED SEX OF-FENDER MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL OR ENTITY .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate a single official or entity within the Office of the Secretary of Defense to serve as the offi-cial or entity (as the case may be) with prin-cipal responsibility in the Department of De-fense for providing oversight of the reg-istered sex offender management program of the Department. (b) D
UTIES .—The official or entity des-ignated under subsection (a) shall— (1) monitor compliance with Department of Defense Instruction 5525.20 and other rel-evant polices; (2) compile data on members serving in the military departments who have been con-victed of a qualifying sex offense, including data on the sex offender registration status of each such member; (3) maintain statistics on the total number of active duty service members in each mili-tary department who are required to register as sex offenders; and (4) perform such other duties as the Sec-retary of Defense determines to be appro-priate. (c) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on— (1) the compliance of the military depart-ments with the policies of the Department of Defense relating to registered sex offenders; (2) the results of the data compilation de-scribed in subsection (b)(2); and (3) any other matters the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (d) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military depart-ments’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(8) of title 10, United States Code. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters SEC. 541. SECURITY CLEARANCE REINVESTIGA-TION OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL WHO COMMIT CERTAIN OFFENSES. 
Section 1564 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsection (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) R
EINVESTIGATION OF CERTAIN INDIVID -
UALS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an investigation under subsection (a) of any individual described in paragraph (2) upon— ‘‘(A) conviction of that individual by a court of competent jurisdiction for— ‘‘(i) sexual assault; ‘‘(ii) sexual harassment; ‘‘(iii) fraud against the United States; or ‘‘(iv) any other violation that the Sec-retary determines renders that individual susceptible to blackmail or raises serious concern regarding the ability of that indi-vidual to hold a security clearance; or ‘‘(B) determination by a commanding offi-cer that the individual has committed an of-fense described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) An individual described in this para-graph has a security clearance and is— ‘‘(A) a flag officer; ‘‘(B) a general officer; or ‘‘(C) an employee of the Department of De-fense in the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall conduct an inves-tigation under this subsection of an indi-vidual described in paragraph (2) regardless of whether that individual has retired or re-signed, is discharged or released, or other-wise separated from the armed forces or De-partment of Defense. ‘‘(4) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘sexual assault’ includes rape, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, aggra-vated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as those terms are defined in the Uniform Code of Military Justice. ‘‘(B) The term ‘sexual harassment’ has the meaning given that term in section 1561 of this title. ‘‘(C) The term ‘fraud against the United States’ means a violation of section 932 of this title (Article 132 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 542. CONSIDERATION OF APPLICATION FOR TRANSFER FOR A STUDENT OF A MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY WHO IS THE VICTIM OF A SEXUAL AS-SAULT OR RELATED OFFENSE. 
(a) M ILITARY ACADEMY .—Section 4361 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section (e): ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATION FOR  T
RANSFER FOR A CADET WHOIS THE VICTIM OF  
ASEXUAL ASSAULT OR RELATED OFFENSE .—(1) The Secretary of the Army shall provide for timely determination and action on an appli-cation for consideration of a transfer to an-other military service academy submitted by a cadet who was a victim of a sexual assault or other offense covered by section 920, 920a, or 920c of this title (article 120, 120a, or 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) so as to reduce the possibility of retaliation against the cadet for reporting the sexual as-sault or other offense. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Army shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this sub-section, within guidelines provided by the Secretary of Defense that direct the Super-intendent of the Military Academy, in co-ordination with the Superintendent of the military service academy to which the cadet wishes to transfer, to approve or deny an ap-plication under this subsection not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4397 May 22, 2018 
than 72 hours after the submission of the ap-plication. If the Superintendent denies such an application, the cadet may request review of the denial by the Secretary of the Army, who shall grant or deny review not later than 72 hours after submission of the request for review.’’. (b) N
AVAL ACADEMY .—Section 6980 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATION FOR  T
RANSFER FOR A MIDSHIPMAN WHOIS THE VIC-
TIM OF A SEXUAL ASSAULT OR RELATED OF-
FENSE .—(1) The Secretary of the Navy shall provide for timely determination and action on an application for consideration of a transfer to another military service academy submitted by a midshipman who was a vic-tim of a sexual assault or other offense cov-ered by section 920, 920a, or 920c of this title (article 120, 120a, or 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) so as to reduce the possi-bility of retaliation against the midshipman for reporting the sexual assault or other of-fense. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Navy shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this sub-section, within guidelines provided by the Secretary of Defense that direct the Super-intendent of the Naval Academy, in coordi-nation with the Superintendent of the mili-tary service academy to which the mid-shipman wishes to transfer, to approve or deny an application under this subsection not later than 72 hours after the submission of the application. If the Superintendent de-nies such an application, the midshipman may request review of the denial by the Sec-retary of the Navy, who shall grant or deny review not later than 72 hours after submis-sion of the request for review.’’. (c) A
IRFORCE ACADEMY .—Section 9361 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section (e): ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATION FOR  T
RANSFER FOR A CADET WHOIS THE VICTIM OF  
ASEXUAL ASSAULT OR RELATED OFFENSE .—(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall provide for timely determination and action on an application for consideration of a transfer to another military service academy submitted by a cadet who was a victim of a sexual as-sault or other offense covered by section 920, 920a, or 920c of this title (article 120, 120a, or 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) so as to reduce the possibility of retaliation against the cadet for reporting the sexual as-sault or other offense. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Air Force shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sub-section, within guidelines provided by the Secretary of Defense that direct the Super-intendent of the Air Force Academy, in co-ordination with the Superintendent of the military service academy to which the cadet wishes to transfer, to approve or deny an ap-plication under this subsection not later than 72 hours after the submission of the ap-plication. If the Superintendent denies such an application, the cadet may request review of the denial by the Secretary of the Air Force, who shall grant or deny review not later than 72 hours after submission of the request for review.’’. 
SEC. 543. STANDARDIZATION OF POLICIES RE-LATED TO EXPEDITED TRANSFER IN CASES OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) P OLICIES FOR MEMBERS .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify all policies related to the expedited transfer of a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps who is the victim of sexual assault (regardless of whether the case is handled under the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program or Family Advocacy Program) that the Sec-retary determines necessary to establish a standardized expedited transfer process for such members, consistent with section 673 of title 10, United States Code. (b) POLICIES FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS .—The Secretary of Defense shall estab-lish a policy to allow the transfer of a mem-ber of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps whose dependent is the victim of sex-ual assault perpetrated by a member of the Armed Forces who is not related to the vic-tim. 
SEC. 544. DEVELOPMENT OF OVERSIGHT PLAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE HARASSMENT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE POL-ICY. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop a plan for overseeing the implementation of the instruction titled ‘‘Harassment Prevention and Response in the Armed Forces’’, published on February 8, 2018 (DODI–1020.03). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall require the military services and other components of the Department of De-fense to take steps by certain dates to imple-ment harassment prevention and response programs under such instruction, including no less than the following: (1) Submitting implementation plans to the Director, Force Resiliency. (2) Incorporating results-oriented perform-ance measures that assess the effectiveness of harassment prevention and response pro-grams. (3) Adopting compliance standards for pro-moting, supporting, and enforcing policies, plans, and programs. (4) Tracking, collecting, and reporting data and information on sexual harassment inci-dents based on standards established by the Secretary. (5) Instituting anonymous complaint mechanisms. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the oversight plan developed under this section. The report shall include, for each military service and component of the Department of Defense, the implementation status of each element of the oversight plan. 
SEC. 545. DEVELOPMENT OF RESOURCE GUIDES REGARDING SEXUAL ASSAULT FOR THE MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Superintendent of a military service academy shall develop and maintain a re-source guide for students at the respective military service academies regarding sexual assault. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each guide developed under this section shall include the following information with regards to the relevant military service academy: (1) P
ROCESS OVERVIEW AND DEFINITIONS .— (A) A clear explanation of prohibited con-duct, including examples. (B) A clear explanation of consent. (C) Victims’ rights. (D) Clearly described complaint process, including multiple ways to file a complaint. (E) Explanations of restricted and unre-stricted reporting. (F) List of mandatory reporters. (G) Protections from retaliation. (H) Assurance that leadership will take im-mediate and proportionate corrective action. (I) References to specific policies. (J) Additional resources for survivors. (2) E
MERGENCY SERVICES .— (A) Contact information. (B) Location. (3) S
UPPORT AND COUNSELING .—Contact in-formation for the following support and counseling resources: (A) The Sexual Assault Prevention and Re-sponse Victim Advocate or other equivalent advocate or counselor available to students in cases of sexual assault. (B) The Sexual Harassment/Assault Re-sponse and Prevention Resource Program Center. (C) Peer counseling. (D) Medical care. (E) Legal counsel. (F) Hotlines. (G) Chaplain or other spiritual representa-tives. (4) ESCALATION .— (A) A victim may report an incident to any authority. (B) A victim may consult any authority named in this paragraph. (C) The Superintendent determines the outcome of an investigation and has the au-thority to convene a court-martial after an initial hearing. (D) The Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned reviews determinations in cases not referred for trial by court-martial. (E) The Inspector General reviews cases of reprisal or professional retaliation. (F) A Member of Congress (as that term is defined in section 1563 of title 10, United States Code). (c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Each Superintendent shall provide a copy of the current guide de-veloped by that Superintendent under this section— (1) not later than 30 days after completing development under subsection (a) to each student who is enrolled at the military serv-ice academy of that Superintendent on the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) at the beginning of each academic year after the date of the enactment of this Act to each student who enrolls at the military service academy of that Superintendent; and (3) as soon as practicable to a student at the military service academy of that Super-intendent reports that such student is a vic-tim of sexual assault. 
SEC. 546. REPORT ON VICTIMS IN MCIO REPORTS. 
Not later than September 30, 2019, and not less than once every two years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, through the De-fense Advisory Committee on Investigations, Prosecutions, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces, shall submit to Con-gress a report regarding the frequency at which individuals, who are identified as vic-tims of sexual offenses in case files of mili-tary criminal investigative organizations (hereinafter, ‘‘MCIO’’), are accused of or pun-ished for misconduct or crimes considered collateral to the investigation of sexual as-sault during the MCIO investigations in which the individuals were so identified. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition 
SEC. 551. PERMANENT CAREER INTERMISSION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ODIFICATION AND PERMANENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Chapter 40 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section 710: ‘‘§ 710. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .—Each Sec-retary of a military department may carry out programs under which members of the regular components and members on Active Guard and Reserve duty of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary may be inactivated from active service in order to meet personal or professional needs and re-turned to active service at the end of such period of inactivation from active service. ‘‘(b) P
ERIOD OF INACTIVATION FROM ACTIVE  S
ERVICE ; EFFECT OF INACTIVATION .—(1) The period of inactivation from active service under a program under this section of a member participating in the program shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4398 May 22, 2018 
be such period as the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under sub-section (c), except that such period may not exceed three years. ‘‘(2) Any service by a Reserve officer while participating in a program under this section shall be excluded from computation of the total years of service of that officer pursuant to section 14706(a) of this title. ‘‘(3) Any period of participation of a mem-ber in a program under this section shall not count toward— ‘‘(A) eligibility for retirement or transfer to the Ready Reserve under either chapter 571 or 1223 of this title; or ‘‘(B) computation of retired or retainer pay under chapter 71 or 1223 of this title. ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT .—Each member of the armed forces who participates in a program under this section shall enter into a written agreement with the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned under which agreement that member shall agree as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) To accept an appointment or enlist, as applicable, and serve in the Ready Reserve of the armed force concerned during the period of the inactivation of the member from ac-tive service under the program. ‘‘(2) To undergo during the period of the in-activation of the member from active service under the program such inactive service training as the Secretary concerned shall re-quire in order to ensure that the member re-tains proficiency, at a level determined by the Secretary concerned to be sufficient, in the military skills, professional qualifica-tions, and physical readiness of the member during the inactivation of the member from active service. ‘‘(3) Following completion of the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program, to serve two months as a member of the armed forces on active service for each month of the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program. ‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS OF RELEASE .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall prescribe regulations specifying the guidelines regarding the con-ditions of release that must be considered and addressed in the agreement required by subsection (c). At a minimum, the Secretary shall prescribe the procedures and standards to be used to instruct a member on the obli-gations to be assumed by the member under paragraph (2) of such subsection while the member is released from active service. ‘‘(e) O
RDER TO ACTIVE SERVICE .—Under reg-ulations prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned, a member of the armed forces participating in a program under this section may, in the discretion of such Secretary, be required to terminate participation in the program and be ordered to active service. ‘‘(f) P
AY AND ALLOWANCES .—(1) During each month of participation in a program under this section, a member who participates in the program shall be paid basic pay in an amount equal to two-thirtieths of the amount of monthly basic pay to which the member would otherwise be entitled under section 204 of title 37 as a member of the uni-formed services on active service in the grade and years of service of the member when the member commences participation in the program. ‘‘(2)(A) A member who participates in a program shall not, while participating in the program, be paid any special or incentive pay or bonus to which the member is other-wise entitled under an agreement under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the pro-gram. ‘‘(B) The inactivation from active service of a member participating in a program shall not be treated as a failure of the member to perform any period of service required of the member in connection with an agreement for a special or incentive pay or bonus under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the pro-gram. ‘‘(3)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), upon the return of a member to active service after completion by the member of participa-tion in a program— ‘‘(i) any agreement entered into by the member under chapter 5 of title 37 for the payment of a special or incentive pay or bonus that was in force when the member commenced participation in the program shall be revived, with the term of such agree-ment after revival being the period of the agreement remaining to run when the mem-ber commenced participation in the pro-gram; and ‘‘(ii) any special or incentive pay or bonus shall be payable to the member in accord-ance with the terms of the agreement con-cerned for the term specified in clause (i). ‘‘(B)(i) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any special or incentive pay or bonus other-wise covered by that subparagraph with re-spect to a member if, at the time of the re-turn of the member to active service as de-scribed in that subparagraph— ‘‘(I) such pay or bonus is no longer author-ized by law; or ‘‘(II) the member does not satisfy eligi-bility criteria for such pay or bonus as in ef-fect at the time of the return of the member to active service. ‘‘(ii) Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply to any special or incentive pay or bonus oth-erwise covered by that subparagraph with re-spect to a member if, during the term of the revived agreement of the member under sub-paragraph (A)(i), such pay or bonus ceases being authorized by law. ‘‘(C) A member who is ineligible for pay-ment of a special or incentive pay or bonus otherwise covered by this paragraph by rea-son of subparagraph (B)(i)(II) shall be subject to the requirements for repayment of such pay or bonus in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreement of the member under chapter 5 of title 37. ‘‘(D) Any service required of a member under an agreement covered by this para-graph after the member returns to active service as described in subparagraph (A) shall be in addition to any service required of the member under an agreement under subsection (c). ‘‘(4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), a member who participates in a program is en-titled, while participating in the program, to the travel and transportation allowances au-thorized by section 474 of title 37 for— ‘‘(i) travel performed from the residence of the member, at the time of release from ac-tive service to participate in the program, to the location in the United States designated by the member as his residence during the period of participation in the program; and ‘‘(ii) travel performed to the residence of the member upon return to active service at the end of the participation of the member in the program. ‘‘(B) An allowance is payable under this paragraph only with respect to travel of a member to and from a single residence. ‘‘(5) A member who participates in a pro-gram is entitled to carry forward the leave balance existing as of the day on which the member begins participation and accumu-lated in accordance with section 701 of this title, but not to exceed 60 days. ‘‘(g) P
ROMOTION .—(1)(A) An officer partici-pating in a program under this section shall not, while participating in the program, be eligible for consideration for promotion under chapter 36 or 1405 of this title. ‘‘(B) Upon the return of an officer to active service after completion by the officer of participation in a program— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned shall adjust the date of rank of the officer in such manner as the Sec-retary of Defense shall prescribe in regula-tions for purposes of this section; and ‘‘(ii) the officer shall be eligible for consid-eration for promotion when officers of the same competitive category, grade, and se-niority are eligible for consideration for pro-motion. ‘‘(2) An enlisted member participating in a program shall not be eligible for consider-ation for promotion during the period that— ‘‘(A) begins on the date of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program; and ‘‘(B) ends at such time after the return of the member to active service under the pro-gram that the member is treatable as eligi-ble for promotion by reason of time in grade and such other requirements as the Sec-retary of the military department concerned shall prescribe in regulations for purposes of the program. ‘‘(h) CONTINUED ENTITLEMENTS .—A member participating in a program under this section shall, while participating in the program, be treated as a member of the armed forces on active duty for a period of more than 30 days for purposes of— ‘‘(1) the entitlement of the member and of the dependents of the member to medical and dental care under the provisions of chap-ter 55 of this title; and ‘‘(2) retirement or separation for physical disability under the provisions of chapters 55 and 61 of this title.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709a the following new item: 710. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 552. IMPROVEMENTS TO TRANSITION AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ATHWAYS FOR TAP.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘medical’’ and inserting ‘‘certain’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(regard-less of character of discharge)’’ after ‘‘dis-charge’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘as soon as possible during the 12-month period preceding’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 365 days before’’; (II) by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘365 days’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘discharge or release’’ and inserting ‘‘retirement or other separation’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘90’’ and inserting ‘‘365’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘90-day’’ and inserting ‘‘365-day’’; (C) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); (D) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
OUNSELING PATHWAYS .—(1) Each Sec-retary concerned, in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs, shall establish at least three pathways for members of the military department con-cerned receiving individualized counseling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4399 May 22, 2018 
under this section. The Secretaries shall de-sign the pathways to address the needs of members, based on the following factors: ‘‘(A) Rank. ‘‘(B) Term of service. ‘‘(C) Gender. ‘‘(D) Whether the member was a member of a regular or reserve component of an armed force. ‘‘(E) Disability. ‘‘(F) Character of discharge (including ex-pedited discharge and discharge under condi-tions other than honorable). ‘‘(G) Health (including mental health). ‘‘(H) Military occupational specialty. ‘‘(I) Whether the member intends, after separation, retirement, or discharge, to— ‘‘(i) seek employment; ‘‘(ii) enroll in a program of higher edu-cation; ‘‘(iii) enroll in a program of vocational training; or ‘‘(iv) become an entrepreneur. ‘‘(J) The educational history of the mem-ber. ‘‘(K) The employment history of the mem-ber. ‘‘(L) Whether the member has secured— ‘‘(i) employment; ‘‘(ii) enrollment in a program of education; or ‘‘(iii) enrollment in a program of voca-tional training. ‘‘(M) Other factors the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs, determine ap-propriate. ‘‘(2) Each member described in subsection (a) shall meet in person or by video con-ference with a counselor before beginning counseling under this section to— ‘‘(A) take a self-assessment designed by the Secretary concerned (in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Af-fairs) to ensure that the Secretary concerned places the member in the appropriate path-way under this subsection; and ‘‘(B) receive information from the coun-selor regarding reenlistment in the armed forces; and ‘‘(C) receive information from the coun-selor regarding resources— ‘‘(i) for members of the armed forces sepa-rated, retired, or discharged; ‘‘(ii) located in the community in which the member will reside after separation, re-tirement, or discharge. ‘‘(3) At the meeting under paragraph (2), the member may elect to have the Secretary concerned (in consultation with the Secre-taries of Labor and Veterans Affairs) provide the contact information of the member to the resources described in paragraph (2)(B).’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) J
OINT SERVICE TRANSCRIPT .—(1) The Secretary concerned shall provide a copy of the joint service transcript of a member de-scribed in subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) that member— ‘‘(i) at the meeting with a counselor under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(ii) on the day the member separates, re-tires, or is discharged. ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the day the member separates, retires, or is discharged. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that a member who has sepa-rated, retired, or is discharged may access the joint service transcript of that member from a website of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs not later than one year after the day the member separates, retires, or is discharged.’’. (2) DEADLINE .—Each Secretary concerned shall carry out subsection (c) of such section, as amended by paragraph (1), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) GAO 
STUDY .—Not later than one year after the Secretaries concerned carry out subsection (c) of such section, as amended by paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-view of the pathways for the Transition As-sistance Program established under such subsection (c). (b) C
ONTENTS OF TAP.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Such services’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to sub-section (f)(2), such services’’; and (B) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) P
ROGRAM CONTENTS .—(1) The program carried out under this section shall consist of instruction as follows: ‘‘(A) One day of preseparation training spe-cific to the armed force concerned, as deter-mined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(B) One day of instruction regarding— ‘‘(i) benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and ‘‘(ii) other subjects determined by the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(C) One day of instruction regarding prep-aration for employment. ‘‘(D) Two days of instruction regarding a topic selected by the member from the fol-lowing subjects: ‘‘(i) Preparation for employment. ‘‘(ii) Preparation for education. ‘‘(iii) Preparation for vocational training. ‘‘(iv) Preparation for entrepreneurship. ‘‘(v) Other options determined by the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may permit a member to attend training and instruction under the program established under this section— ‘‘(A) before the time periods established under section 1142(a)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) in addition to such training and in-struction required during such time peri-ods.’’. (2) D
EADLINE .—The Transition Assistance Program shall comply with the requirements of section 1144(f) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1), not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (3) A
CTION PLAN .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit an ac-tion plan to the congressional defense com-mittees that— (A) details how the Secretary shall imple-ment the requirements of section 1144(f) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1); and (B) details how the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs and Labor, shall establish standardized per-formance metrics to measure Transition As-sistance Program participation and out-come-based objective benchmarks in order to— (i) provide feedback to the Departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Labor; (ii) improve the curriculum of the Transi-tion Assistance Program; (iii) share best practices; and (iv) facilitate effective oversight of the Transition Assistance Program. (4) R
EPORT .—On the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the subsequent four years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report regarding members of the Armed Forces who have attended Transition Assistance Program counseling during the preceding year. The report shall detail the following: (A) The total number of members who at-tended Transition Assistance Program coun-seling. (B) The number of members who attended Transition Assistance Program counseling under paragraph (1) of section 1144(f) of title 10, as amended by paragraph (1). (C) The number of members who attended Transition Assistance Program counseling under paragraph (2) of such section. (D) The number of members who elected to attend each two-day instruction under para-graph (1)(D) of such section. SEC. 553. EMPLOYMENT AND COMPENSATION OF CIVILIAN FACULTY MEMBERS AT THE JOINT SPECIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity.’’. 
SEC. 554. PROGRAM TO ASSIST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN OBTAINING PRO-FESSIONAL CREDENTIALS. 
Section 2015(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘related to military training’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘that translate into civilian occupations.’’. 
SEC. 555. EXTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM TO AS-SIST MEMBERS IN OBTAINING POST- SERVICE EMPLOYMENT. 
Section 555(i) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291; 10 U.S.C. 1143 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 556. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT PILOT PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS AND VETERANS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with the chief ex-ecutives of the States to carry out pilot pro-grams to enhance the efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense to provide job placement as-sistance and related employment services di-rectly to unemployed or underemployed members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans. (b) C
OST-SHARING .—Any agreement under subsection (a) shall require that the State must contribute an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, that equals or exceeds 50 percent of the funds provided by the Sec-retary to the State under this section to sup-port the operation of the pilot program in that State. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The pilot program in a State shall be administered by the adju-tant general in that State appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. If the adjutant general is unavailable or unable to administer a pilot program, the Sec-retary, after consulting with the chief execu-tive of the State, shall designate an official of that State to administer that pilot pro-gram. (d) P
ROGRAM MODEL .—A pilot program under this section— (1) shall use a job placement program model that focuses on working one-on-one with individuals described in subsection (a) to provide cost-effective job placement serv-ices, including— (A) job matching services; (B) resume editing; (C) interview preparation; and (D) post-employment follow up; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4400 May 22, 2018 
(2) shall incorporate best practices of State-operated direct employment programs for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. (e) S
KILLBRIDGE TRAINING OPPORTUNI -
TIES.—A pilot program under this section shall utilize civilian training opportunities through the SkillBridge transition training program administered by the Department of Defense. (f) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of any pilot program established under this provision. (g) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report describing the results of any pilot program established under this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—A report under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including— (i) the number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and vet-erans hired; and (ii) the cost-per-placement of participating members and veterans. (B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program and increased reserve compo-nent employment levels on— (i) the readiness of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces; and (ii) retention of service members. (C) A comparison of the pilot program to other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense or Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and under-employment support to members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces or veterans, including best practices the im-proved the effectiveness of such programs. (D) Any other matter the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (h) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the authority to carry out a pilot program under this section expires on September 30, 2023. (2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend a pilot program under this section beyond the date in paragraph (1) by not more than two years. 
SEC. 557. EXTENDED DURATION OF AVAIL-ABILITY OF MILITARY ONESOURCE PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UPON THEIR SEPARATION OR RETIRE-MENT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that retired and honorably discharged members of the Armed Forces, including members medi-cally discharged, separated, or on the tem-porary disability retirement list, and their immediate family remain eligible for serv-ices under the Military OneSource Program for at least one year after the end of the member’s tour of service, the member’s re-tirement date, or the member’s separation date, as the case may be. 
SEC. 558. COMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING AND REPORT ON PERMANENT EM-PLOYMENT ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide a briefing to the Armed Serv-ices Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, with a report to follow on a date agreed to at the time of the briefing. The briefing and report shall provide infor-mation on employment assistance required under section 1143 of title 10, United States Code, and related information regarding ci-vilian employment requiring certification or licensure. (b) CONTENTS .—The information required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the content of the data-base required by section 1143(a)(2)(A) of such title. (2) A list and description of permanent em-ployment assistance centers required by sec-tion 1143(b) of such title. (3) A list and description of employment skills training programs and eligible mem-bers of the Armed Forces. (4) A list and description of State and non- State entities that have interacted with ci-vilian employers. (5) A description of the use by members of the Armed Forces of the permanent employ-ment assistance centers. (6) An assessment of the permanent em-ployment assistance centers and challenges, if any, the centers have experienced as of the date of the briefing or report. 
SEC. 559. ACTIVITIES TO INCREASE AWARENESS OF APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, as part of the transition counseling provided by the Department of Defense to members of the Armed Forces who are in the process of separating from the Armed Forces (including the reserve components), information is pro-vided to such members on— (1) the potential benefits of apprenticeship programs; (2) the appropriate use of veterans’ edu-cation benefits to pay for apprenticeship pro-grams, and (3) the availability of veteran-focused, non-profit apprenticeship programs. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 561. ENHANCEMENT AND CLARIFICATION OF FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICES FOR FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘activities’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘services’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘activ-ity’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’; (4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘there-after’’ and inserting ‘‘of the next two years’’; and (5) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘family support services’ in-cludes costs of transportation, food, lodging, child care, supplies, fees, and training mate-rials for immediate family members of mem-bers of the armed forces assigned to special operations forces while participating in pro-grams under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 562. ADDITIONAL MATTERS FOR ASSESS-MENT AND REPORT ON CHILDCARE SERVICES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 575 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115-91) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) Expanding the childcare hours at mili-tary installations that host initial training units in order to accommodate drill instruc-tors, trainers, and support staff. ‘‘(6) Modifying the rate of use of subsidized, off-installation childcare services by mili-tary families, including whether such rate could be increased by altering policies that cap the amount of subsidies for military families for such services based on the cost of living for families and the average cost of civilian childcare services. ‘‘(7) Permitting the issuance of employee clearances on a provisional or interim basis for those working at military childcare cen-ters.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘September 1, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘March 1, 2019’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the results of the assess-ment conducted under subsection (a).’’ and inserting an em dash; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) the results of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) assessments of— ‘‘(A) the underlying factors contributing to the childcare backlogs at many installa-tions; ‘‘(B) the effect of such backlogs on member recruitment and retention; and ‘‘(C) the effect of such backlogs on mili-tary spouse unemployment and under-employment.’’. SEC. 563. CONTINUED ASSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITH SIGNIFICANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFI -
CANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STU-
DENTS .—Of the amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 in Division D of this Act and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in Section 4301 of this Act, $40,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109-163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) I
MPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITHSEVERE  D
ISABILITIES .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 in Divi-sion D of this Act and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in Section 4301 of this Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-398; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 564. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY MISCONDUCT DATABASE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE DATABASE .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall consolidate the var-ious databases and mechanisms for the re-porting and tracking of juvenile misconduct in Department of Defense Education Activ-ity (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘‘DODEA’’) schools into one comprehensive database for DODEA juvenile misconduct. The comprehensive database shall include, at a minimum, all reportable allegations of juvenile-on-juvenile sexual misconduct, re-gardless of the final disposition of the case. (b) P
OLICY .—The Secretary shall establish a comprehensive policy regarding the report-ing and tracking of juvenile misconduct cases occurring in DODEA schools, including policies establishing appropriate safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of sen-sitive information contained in the com-prehensive database required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 565. REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF FRE-QUENCY OF PERMANENT CHANGES OF STATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON EMPLOYMENT AMONG MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4401 May 22, 2018 
forth an assessment of the effects of the fre-quency of permanent changes of station of members of the Armed Forces on stability of employment among military spouses. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under this sec-tion shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effects of the fre-quency of permanent changes of station of members of the Armed Forces on stability of employment among military spouses, includ-ing the contribution of frequent permanent changes of station to unemployment or underemployment among military spouses. (2) An assessment of the effects of unem-ployment and underemployment among mili-tary spouses on force readiness. (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate regarding legislative or administration action to achieve force readiness and stabilization through the mini-mization of the impacts of frequent perma-nent changes on stability of employment among military spouses. Subtitle H—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 571. LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY TO RE-VOKE CERTAIN MILITARY DECORA-TIONS AWARDED TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A RMY.— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Chapter 357 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 3757. Military decorations: limitations on revocation ‘‘(a) L
IMITATIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the President or the Sec-retary of the Army may not authorize the revocation of a military decoration after the actual award of the military decoration to a member of the armed forces under the juris-diction of the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—(1) Subsection (a) does not apply to the revocation of a military decoration if the revocation is ordered on ac-count of— ‘‘(A) the acquisition of new or additional information that calls into question the service for which the member was awarded the military decoration; or ‘‘(B) the conviction of the member for a felony. ‘‘(2) In applying the exception described in paragraph (1)(B), the President and the Sec-retary of the Army shall take into account, as an extenuating factor, whether the mem-ber has been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress disorder. ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY DECORATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘military decoration’ means the distinguished-service cross, dis-tinguished-service medal, silver star, distin-guished flying cross, or Soldier’s Medal. The term does not include the medal of honor.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘3757. Military decorations: limitations on revocation.’’. (b) N
AVY AND MARINE CORPS .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Chapter 567 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 6259. Military decorations: limitations on revocation ‘‘(a) L
IMITATIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the President or the Sec-retary of the Navy may not authorize the revocation of a military decoration after the actual award of the military decoration to a member of the armed forces under the juris-diction of the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—(1) Subsection (a) does not apply to the revocation of a military decoration if the revocation is ordered on ac-count of— ‘‘(A) the acquisition of new or additional information that calls into question the service for which the member was awarded the military decoration; or ‘‘(B) the conviction of the member for a felony. ‘‘(2) In applying the exception described in paragraph (1)(B), the President and the Sec-retary of the Navy shall take into account, as an extenuating factor, whether the mem-ber has been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress disorder. ‘‘(c) MILITARY DECORATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘military decoration’ means the Navy cross, distinguished-service medal, silver star medal, distinguished fly-ing cross, or Navy and Marine Corps Medal. The term does not include the medal of honor.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘6259. Military decorations: limitations on revocation.’’. (c) A
IRFORCE .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Chapter 857 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 8757. Military decorations: limitations on revocation ‘‘(a) L
IMITATIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the President or the Sec-retary of the Air Force may not authorize the revocation of a military decoration after the actual award of the military decoration to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—(1) Subsection (a) does not apply to the revocation of a military decoration if the revocation is ordered on ac-count of— ‘‘(A) the acquisition of new or additional information that calls into question the service for which the member was awarded the military decoration; or ‘‘(B) the conviction of the member for a felony. ‘‘(2) In applying the exception described in paragraph (1)(B), the President and the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall take into ac-count, as an extenuating factor, whether the member has been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress dis-order. ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY DECORATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘military decoration’ means the Air Force cross, distinguished- service medal, silver star, distinguished fly-ing cross, or Airman’s Medal. The term does not include the medal of honor.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘8757. Military decorations: limitations on revocation.’’. 
SEC. 572. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF EXPE-DITIONARY MEDAL TO CERTAIN MA-RINES FOR ACTIONS ON JUNE 8, 1995. 
Notwithstanding any time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense may award the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal to a member or former member of the 24th Marine Expedi-tionary Unit, Special Operations Capable, for the mission to rescue Captain Scott O’Grady, United States Air Force, from Bosnia on June 8, 1995. Subtitle I—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 581. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF TOP-LINE NUMBERS OF DEPLOYED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall make publicly available the top-line num-bers of members of the Armed Forces de-ployed for each country. (b) WAIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a) in the case of a sensitive military operation if— (A) the Secretary determines the public disclosure of the number of deployed mem-bers of the Armed Forces could reasonably be expected to provide an operational mili-tary advantage to an adversary; or (B) members of the Armed Forces are de-ployed for a period that does not exceed 30 days. (2) N
OTICE .— If the Secretary issues a waiv-er under this subsection, the Secretary sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a notice of the waiver and the reasons for the determination that led to the waiver. (c) S
ENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION DE-
FINED .—The term ‘‘sensitive military oper-ation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 130f(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 582. CRITERIA FOR INTERMENT AT ARLING-TON NATIONAL CEMETERY. 
(a) C RITERIA .—The Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Secretary of De-fense, shall prescribe revised criteria for in-terment at Arlington National Cemetery that preserve Arlington National Cemetery as an active burial ground ‘‘well into the fu-ture,’’ as that term is used in the report sub-mitted by the Secretary of the Army to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, dated February 14, 2017, and titled ‘‘The Future of Arlington National Cemetery: Report on the Cemetery’s Interment and Inurnment Capac-ity 2017’’. (b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of the Army shall establish the criteria under subsection (a) not later than September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 583. REPORT ON GENERAL AND FLAG OFFI-CER COSTS. 
Not later than nine months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on general and flag officer costs. Such report shall include cost estimates for direct and indirect costs associated with general and flag officers gen-erally and for specific positions in accord-ance with the recommendations of the Office of the Secretary of Defense-Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation report entitled ‘‘De-fining General and Flag Officer Costs’’ dated December 2017, including— (1) direct compensation for all general and flag officers and for specific general and flag officer positions, using the full cost of man-power model to estimate where possible; (2) personal money allowances for positions that receive an allowance; (3) deferred compensation and health care costs for all general and flag officers and for specific general and flag officer positions; (4) costs associated with providing security details for specific general and flag officer positions that merit continuous security; (5) costs associated with Government and commercial travel for general and flag offi-cers who qualify for tier one or two travel, including commercial travel costs using de-fense travel sytstem data; (6) general flag officer per diems for spe-cific positions, based on average travel per diem costs; (7) costs for enlisted and officer aide hous-ing for general and flag officers generally and for specific general and flag officer posi-tions, including basic housing assistance costs for staff; (8) on a case-by-case basis, costs associated with enlisted and officer aide travel, taking into consideration the cost of data collec-tion; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4402 May 22, 2018 
(9) costs associated with additional support staff for general and flag officers and their travel, equipment, and per diem costs for all general and flag officers and specific general and flag officer positions based on the aver-age numbers per general or flag officer and estimations using the full cost of manpower model; (10) costs associated with the upkeep and maintenance of official residences not cap-tured by basic housing assistance; and (11) costs associated with training for gen-eral and flag officers generally and specific general and flag officer positions using esti-mations from the full cost of manpower model. 
SEC. 584. REPORT ON OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT OF SENIOR PERSONNEL. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit a report to Congress on requests by senior personnel for approval of outside employment during the preceding fiscal year. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under this sec-tion shall contain the following regarding: (1) The number of such requests. (2) The number of such requests approved. (3) The types of positions for which senior personnel made such requests. (4) The range and average of the time com-mitment for such positions. (5) The range and average of the compensa-tion for such positions. (6) Any ethical lapses or abuses by senior personnel in the course of employment pur-suant to approved requests. (c) S
ENIOR PERSONNEL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior personnel’’ means any of the following: (1) An officer in the regular or reserve com-ponent of an armed force above the grade of O-6. (2) An employee of the Department of De-fense in the Senior Executive Service. 
SEC. 585. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS PEND-ING SUBMITTAL OF REPORT ON ARMY MARKETING AND ADVER-TISING PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the rec-ommendations contained in the audit con-ducted by the Army Audit Agency of the Army’s Marketing and Advertising Program concerning contract oversight and return on investment. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address each of the fol-lowing: (A) The mitigation and oversight measures implemented to assure improved program re-turn and contract management including the establishment of specific goals to measure long-term effects of investments in mar-keting efforts. (B) The establishment of a review process to regularly evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing efforts including ef-forts to better support the accessions mis-sions of the Army. (C) The increase of acquisition and mar-keting experience within the Army Mar-keting and Research Group (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘AMRG’’). (D) A workforce analysis of AMRG in co-operation with the Office of Personnel Man-agement and industry experts assessing the AMRG organizational structure, staffing, and training, including an assessment of the workplace climate and culture internal to the AMRG. (E) The establishment of an Army Mar-keting and Advisory Board comprised of sen-ior Army and marketing and advertising leaders and an assessment of industry and service marketing and advertising best prac-tices including a plan to incorporate rel-evant practices. (F) The status of the implementation of contracting practices recommended by the Army Audit Agency’s audit of contracting oversight of AMRG contained in Audit Re-port A-2018-0033-MTH. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 60 percent of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for the AMRG for fiscal year 2019 for advertising and marketing ac-tivities may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits the re-port required by subsection (a). (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the sub-mittal of the report required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the results and implementation of the recommendations of the Army Audit Agency Audits of the AMRG on contract oversight and return on investment. Such review shall include an as-sessment of the effects of the implementa-tion of the recommendations on the AMRG leadership, workforce and business practices, and return on investment. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601 . PROMPT REVIEW OF REQUEST FOR IM-MINENT DANGER PAY. 
Section 310(d)(1) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall issue a determination regard-ing special pay under this section not later than 90 days after receiving a request for such determination from the commander of a geographic combatant command.’’ 
SEC. 602 . APPLICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING TO MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES IN THE VIR-GIN ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND THE  V
IRGIN ISLANDS ’’ after ‘‘ THEUNITED STATES ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’; and (3) in paragraphs (2), (3)(A), and (6), by in-serting ‘‘or the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’ each place it appears. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 403(c) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR THE  V
IRGIN ISLANDS ’’ after ‘‘ THEUNITED STATES ’’; and (2) in paragraphs (1), (2), (3)(A)(i), and (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘or the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’ each place it ap-pears. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to payments under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2019. 
SEC. 603 . MANDATORY INCREASE IN INSURANCE COVERAGE UNDER SERVICEMEMBERS’ GROUP LIFE IN-SURANCE FOR MEMBERS DEPLOYED TO COMBAT THEATERS OF OPER-ATION. 
Section 1967(a)(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B), (C), and (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) In the case of a member who elects under paragraph (2)(A) not to be insured under this section, or who elects under sub-paragraph (B) to be insured for an amount less than the maximum amount provided under subparagraph (A), and who is deployed to a combat theater of operations the mem-ber— ‘‘(i) shall be insured under this subchapter for the maximum amount provided under subparagraph (A) for the period of such de-ployment; and ‘‘(ii) upon the end of such deployment— ‘‘(I) shall be insured in the amount elected by the member under subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(II) shall not be insured, if so elected under paragraph (2)(A)’’. SEC. 604 . MILITARY HOUSING PRIVATIZATION INITIATIVE. 
(a) P AYMENT AUTHORITY .—Each month be-ginning on the first month after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pay a lessor of covered housing 5 per-cent of the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code, for the area in which the covered housing ex-ists. Any such payment shall be in addition to any other payment made by the Secretary to that lessor. (b) P
LAN FOR MHPI H OUSING .—Not later than December 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a long-range plan to develop measures to consistently address the future sustainment, recapitalization, and financial condition of MHPI housing. The plan shall include— (1) efforts to mitigate the losses incurred by MHPI housing projects because of the re-ductions to BAH under section 603 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92; 37 U.S.C. 403(b)(3)(B)); and (2) a full assessment of the effects of such reductions (in relation to calculations of market rates for rent and utilities) on the fi-nancial condition of MHPI housing. (c) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for En-ergy, Installations, and Environment to take the following steps regarding reports under section 2884(c) of title 10, United States Code: (1) Provide additional contextual informa-tion on MHPI housing to identify any dif-ferences in the calculation of debt coverage ratios and any effect of such differences on their comparability. (2) Immediately resume issuing such re-ports on the financial condition of MHPI housing. (3) Revise Department of Defense guidance on MHPI housing— (A) to ensure that relevant financial data (such as debt coverage ratios) in such reports are consistent and comparable in terms of the time periods of the data collected; (B) to include a requirement that the sec-retary of each military department includes measures of future sustainment into each as-sessments of MHPI housing projects; and (C) to require the secretary of each mili-tary department to define risk tolerance re-garding the future sustainability of MHPI housing projects. (4) Report financial information on future sustainment of each MHPI housing project in such reports. (5) Provide Department of Defense guid-ance to the secretaries of the military de-partments to— (A) assess the significance of the specific risks to individual MHPI housing projects from the reduction in BAH; and (B) identify methods to mitigate such risks based on their significance. (6) Not later than December 1, 2018, finalize Department of Defense guidance that clearly defines— (A) the circumstances in which the mili-tary departments shall provide notification 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4403 May 22, 2018 
of housing project changes to the congres-sional defense committees; and (B) which types of such changes require prior notification to or prior approval from the congressional defense committees. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘BAH’’ means the basic allow-ance for housing under section 403 of title 37, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered housing’’ means a unit of MHPI housing that is leased to a member of a uniformed service who resides in such unit. (3) The term ‘‘MHPI housing’’ means hous-ing acquired or constructed under the alter-native authority of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code (known as the Military Housing Privatization Initia-tive). 
SEC. 605 . PER DIEM ALLOWANCE POLICIES. 
(a) P OLICY AND REGULATIONS .— (1) E
XISTING POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—The Secretary of each military department may not implement the policy in the memo-randum dated October 1, 2014, titled ‘‘UTD/ CTS for MAP 118-13/CAP 118-13 – Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’, regarding per diem allowances, or any regulations pre-scribed pursuant to such memorandum, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) F
UTURE POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—(A) The Secretary of each military department concerned may not implement a new policy regarding per diem allowances under section 474 of title 37, United States Code, until after the Secretary of Defense issues the report under subsection (b). (B) The Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned shall notify the appropriate congressional committees not less than 60 days before implementing a new policy re-garding per diem allowances under section 474 of title 37, United States Code. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a report to the appropriate congressional committees regarding options to reduce travel costs in-curred by the Department of Defense, includ-ing the adoption of practices used by private entities. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611 . ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EX-PIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITIES RELATING TO RESERVE  F
ORCES .—Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobili-zation for active duty service, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) T
ITLE 10 A UTHORITIES RELATING TO  H
EALTH CAREPROFESSIONALS .—The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse of-ficer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health profes-sionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (c) A
UTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OF-
FICERS .—Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (d) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 C ON-
SOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND B
ONUS AUTHORITIES .—The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special avia-tion incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incen-tive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention in-centives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (e) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY IN-
CREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2019’’. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 621 . EXPANSIONS OF INSTALLATION BENE-FITS TO SURVIVING SPOUSES, DE-PENDENT CHILDREN, AND OTHER NEXT OF KIN. 
(a) I SSUANCE OF GOLD STAR INSTALLATION  A
CCESS CARDS .— (1) I
SSUANCE AND CONDITIONS ON USE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 57 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1126 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1126a. Gold Star Installation Access Card: issuance and protections ‘‘(a) I
SSUANCE TO GOLD STAR SURVIVING  S
POUSE AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN OF DE-
CEASED MEMBER REQUIRED .—The Secretary concerned shall provide for the issuance of a standardized Gold Star Installation Access Card to the widow and dependent children of a deceased member of the armed forces de-scribed in section 1126(a) of this title to fa-cilitate their ability to gain unescorted ac-cess to military installations for the purpose of attending memorial events, visiting gravesites, and obtaining the on-installation services and benefits to which they are enti-tled or eligible. ‘‘(b) I
SSUANCE TO OTHER NEXT OF KINAU-
THORIZED .—At the discretion of the Sec-retary concerned, the Secretary concerned may provide the Gold Star Installation Ac-cess Card to the parents and other next of kin of a deceased member of the armed forces described in section 1126(a) of this title. ‘‘(c) S
ERVICE -WIDE ACCEPTANCE OF ACCESS  C
ARD.—The Secretaries concerned shall work together to ensure that a Gold Star Installa-tion Access Card issued by one armed force is accepted for access to military installations under the jurisdiction of another armed force. ‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION OF INSTALLATION SECU-
RITY.—In developing, issuing, and accepting the Gold Star Installation Access Card, the Secretary concerned may take such meas-ures as the Secretary concerned considers necessary— ‘‘(1) to prevent fraud in the procurement or use of the Gold Star Installation Access Card; ‘‘(2) to limit installation access to those areas of the installation that provide the services and benefits for which the recipient of the Gold Star Installation Access Card is entitled or eligible; and ‘‘(3) to ensure that the availability and use of the Gold Star Installation Access Card does not adversely affect military installa-tion security. ‘‘(e) TERMINATION .—The Gold Star Installa-tion Access Card for the widow and depend-ent children of a deceased member of the armed forces shall remain valid for the life of the widow or child, regardless of subse-quent marital status of the widow, subject to periodic renewal as determined by the Sec-retary concerned to ensure military installa-tion security.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 57 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1126 the following new item: ‘‘1126a. Gold Star Installation Access Card: issuance and protections.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF CURRENT DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 1126(d) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘In this section and section 1126a of this title:’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF COMMISSARY AND EX-
CHANGE BENEFITS FOR REMARRIED SPOUSES  W
ITHDEPENDENT CHILDREN .— (1) B
ENEFITS .—Section 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ERTAIN UNREMARRIED FORMER  S
POUSES .—The Secretary of Defense’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN REMARRIED SURVIVING  S
POUSES .—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to provide that a surviving spouse of a deceased member of the armed forces, re-gardless of the marital status of the sur-viving spouse, who has guardianship of de-pendent children of the deceased member is entitled to use commissary stores and MWR retail facilities to the same extent and on the same basis as the unremarried surviving spouse of a member of the uniformed serv-ices.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘commissary and exchange privileges’’ and inserting ‘‘use commissary stores and MWR retail facilities’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) MWR R
ETAIL FACILITIES .—The term ‘MWR retail facilities’ has the meaning given that term in section 1063(e) of this title.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-tion 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1062. Certain former spouses and surviving spouses’’. (B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1062 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘1062. Certain former spouses and surviving spouses.’’. 
SEC. 622 . TRANSPORTATION ON MILITARY AIR-CRAFT ON A SPACE-AVAILABLE BASIS FOR DISABLED VETERANS WITH A SERVICE-CONNECTED, PER-MANENT DISABILITY RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF TRANSPORTATION .— Section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4404 May 22, 2018 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PRIORITY FOR CERTAIN DIS-
ABLED VETERANS .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense shall provide transportation on sched-uled and unscheduled military flights within the continental United States and on sched-uled overseas flights operated by the Air Mo-bility Command on a space-available basis for any veteran with a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total on the same basis as such transportation is pro-vided to members of the armed forces enti-tled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(2) The transportation priority required by paragraph (1) for veterans described in such paragraph applies whether or not the Secretary establishes the travel program au-thorized by this section. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the terms ‘veteran’ and ‘service-connected’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 38.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (f) of sec-tion 2641b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 623 . EXTENSION OF PARKING EXPENSES AL-LOWANCE TO CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES AT RECRUITING FACILITIES. 
Section 481i(b)(1) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘as a recruiter for any’’ and inserting ‘‘at a recruiting facil-ity’’. 
SEC. 624 . ADVISORY BOARDS REGARDING MILI-TARY COMMISSARIES AND EX-CHANGES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall direct each commanding officer of a military base on which there is a military commissary or ex-change to establish an advisory board, com-prised of representatives of military or vet-erans service organizations, to advise the commanding officer regarding the interests of patrons and beneficiaries of military com-missaries and exchanges. 
SEC. 625 . STUDY AND REPORT ON DEVELOP-MENT OF A SINGLE DEFENSE RE-SALE SYSTEM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of consolidating the military resale entities into a single defense resale system. Such study shall include the following: (1) A financial assessment of consolidation of the military resale entities. (2) A business case analysis of consolida-tion of the military resale entities. (3) Organizational, operational, and busi-ness model integration plans for consolida-tion of the military resale entities. (4) Determinations of which back-office processes and systems associated with fi-nance and payment processing technologies the Secretary could convert to common technologies. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees re-garding the study under subsection (a). That report shall contain the following: (1) Details of the internal and external or-ganizational structures of a consolidated de-fense resale system. (2) Recommendations of the Secretaries of each of the military departments regarding the plan to consolidate the military resale entities. (3) The costs and associated plan for the merger of technologies or implementation of new technology from a third-party provider to standardize financial management and ac-counting processes of a consolidated defense resale system. (4) Best practices to maximize reductions in costs associated with back-office retail payment processing for a consolidated de-fense resale system. (5) A timeline for converting the Defense Commissary Agency into a non-appropriated fund instrumentality under section 2484(j) of title 10, United States Code. (6) A determination whether the business case analysis supports consolidation of the military resale entities. (7) Recommendations of the Secretary for legislation related to consolidation of the military resale entities. (8) Other elements the Secretary deter-mines are necessary for a successful evalua-tion of a consolidation of the military resale entities. (c) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of implementing consolidation of the military resale entities until October 1, 2019. (d) M
ILITARY RESALE ENTITIES DEFINED .— In this section the term ‘‘military resale en-tities’’ means— (1) the Defense Commissary Agency; (2) the Army and Air Force Exchange Serv-ice; (3) the Navy Exchange; and (4) the Marine Corps Exchange. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 701. TRICARE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a demonstration program under which, notwithstanding sec-tion 1851(c)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(c)(3)), each covered indi-vidual is deemed, unless the individual (in accordance with a process specified by the Secretaries) elects otherwise, to have elected to receive benefits under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) through a partici-pating MA plan, with respect to the military health system region involved, (and shall be enrolled in such plan) for each plan year dur-ing which such demonstration program is carried out. In carrying out the demonstra-tion program, the Secretary shall ensure that a covered individual who is enrolled in an MA plan in a military health system re-gion selected under paragraph (3) that is not a participating MA plan may remain in such non-participating MA plan without making an election through such process specified in the previous sentence. (2) D
URATION .—Subject to subsection (d), the demonstration program established under paragraph (1) shall be carried out for a period of not less than two plan years. (b) P
ARTICIPATING MA P LANS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘participating MA plan’’ means, with respect to a military health sys-tem region selected under paragraph (3) and a plan year beginning during the period dur-ing which the demonstration project is car-ried out, an eligible Medicare Advantage plan that enters into a contract under para-graph (2) with the Secretary of Defense to participate in the demonstration program under this section for such plan year. (2) S
ELECTION OF PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, after consultation with the TRICARE managed care support contractor in each military health system region selected under para-graph (3) and with respect to each plan year beginning the period during which such dem-onstration program is carried out, enter into a contract with one or more eligible Medi-care Advantage plans described in subpara-graph (B) to participate in the demonstra-tion program for such plan year, with re-spect to such military health system region. Under such contract, the Medicare Advan-tage organization offering such plan, with re-spect to such military health system region, shall agree to provide coverage under such plan to all covered individuals residing in such region during such plan year. (B) ELIGIBLE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLAN .— For purposes of this section, an eligible Medicare Advantage plan, with respect to a military health system region selected under paragraph (3), is an MA plan that satisfies the following conditions, with respect to a plan year beginning during the period during which the demonstration program is carried out: (i) The Medicare Advantage organization offering the plan has in effect a contract with the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 1857 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–27) for offering such plan to MA eligible individuals in such military health system region with respect to such plan year. (ii) The plan is, or is treated as, a quali-fying plan under section 1853(o)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(3)), with respect to such plan year. (3) S
ELECTION OF MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM  
REGIONS .—The Secretary shall select two military health system regions in which to carry out the demonstration program, one from each TRICARE managed care support contractor region. Each such region shall have a large concentration of beneficiaries eligible for TRICARE for Life. (c) C
OSTS OF PROGRAM .— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The Sec- retary shall bear the costs to the Depart-ment of Defense and realize any potential savings to the Department that result from the demonstration program. (2) C
OST NEUTRALITY .—The costs paid under the demonstration program by the United States to the participating Medicare Advan-tage plans, and the costs paid by the United States pursuant to TRICARE for Life, for the period of the demonstration program, with respect to covered individuals enrolled in such plans during such period, may not ex-ceed the estimated costs that would have been paid by the United States during such period for providing health care benefits to such individuals through the original Medi-care fee-for-service program under parts A and B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act and TRICARE for Life, as adjusted to ac-count for the age, location, and health status of the population. (d) C
ERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED TO CARRY OUT P
ROGRAM .— (1) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for each plan year occurring during the period during which the demonstration program is carried out, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report and certification on the demonstration pro-gram. If the Secretary does not submit the certification by such date each year, the Sec-retary may not carry out the demonstration program for the plan year or any subsequent plan year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report and certifi-cation under paragraph (1), with respect to a plan year, shall include the following: (A) Except for the first report and certifi-cation submitted under paragraph (1)— (i) a certification that the demonstration program maintains cost neutrality pursuant to subsection (c)(2); (ii) the number of covered individuals eligi-ble to be enrolled in the demonstration pro-gram and the number of covered individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4405 May 22, 2018 
who opted out of such enrollment in each participating MA plan in each such region; and (iii) an assessment of the number of cov-ered individuals enrolled in participating Medicare Advantage plans under the dem-onstration program that have reached the limit on out-of-pocket expenditures applied under the respective plan. (B) A certification that the access stand-ards for the TRICARE program are met in the Medicare Advantage plans selected under subsection (b)(2). (C) A description of the average premium rates, and copayments or cost sharing, if any, for each participating MA plan in each military health system region selected under subsection (b)(3). (D) A description of the quality rating de-termined under the 5-star rating system under section 1853(o)(4) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)) for such plan year for each participating MA plan. (E) Any recommendations by the Secretary with respect to any legislative actions to im-prove the demonstration program. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report providing a comprehensive assessment of the demonstration program. (f) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pre-scribe regulations to expeditiously imple-ment the demonstration program under sub-section (a). (2) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall carry out paragraph (1)— (A) by prescribing an interim final rule; and (B) not later than 180 days after pre-scribing such interim final rule and consid-ering public comments with respect to such interim final rule, by prescribing a final rule. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Armed Services, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committees on Armed Services, Fi-nance, and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual who— (A) is a Medicare Advantage eligible indi-vidual (as defined in section 1851(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(a)(3))); (B) is enrolled in TRICARE for Life; and (C) resides in a ZIP Code that is located— (i) in a military health system region se-lected under subsection (b)(3); and (ii) at least 40 miles from a military med-ical center or a military hospital described in subsections (b) and (c) of section 1073d of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘Medicare Advantage organi-zation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28). (4) The term ‘‘Medicare Advantage plan’’ means a health plan under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.). (5) The term ‘‘plan year’’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of such part. (6) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. (7) The terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE for Life’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 702. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using inten-sive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. (b) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS .— The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and non-profit health care organizations and institutions that— (1) provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) provide evidence-based treatment for psychological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, sub-stance abuse, and depression; (3) provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) provide health care under the TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). (c) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Each organiza-tion or institution that participates in a partnership under the pilot program author-ized by subsection (a) shall— (1) carry out intensive outpatient pro-grams of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-trau-matic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for sub-stance abuse, depression, and other issues re-lated to such conditions; (2) use evidence-based and evidence-in-formed treatment strategies in carrying out such programs; (3) share clinical and outreach best prac-tices with other organizations and institu-tions participating in the pilot program; and (4) annually assess outcomes for members of the Armed Forces individually and among the organizations and institutions partici-pating in the pilot program with respect to the treatment of conditions described in paragraph (1). (d) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencement of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot pro-gram and the activities under the pilot pro-gram. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program authorized by subsection (a). The report shall include a description of the pilot program and such other matters on the pilot program as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the cessation of the pilot program under subsection (f), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot pro-gram. The report shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding the partnership under the pilot pro-gram as described in subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for ex-tension or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (f) TERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 703. PILOT PROGRAM ON CRYOPRESERVATION AND STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to provide not greater than 1,000 members of the Armed Forces on active duty in the Armed Forces with the opportunity to cryopreserve and store their gametes prior to deployment to a combat zone. (b) P
ERIOD OF TIME.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the cryopreservation and storage of gametes of a participating member of the Armed Forces under subsection (a), at no cost to the member, in a facility of the De-partment of Defense or of a private entity pursuant to a contract under subsection (d) until the date that is one year after the re-tirement, separation, or release of the mem-ber from the Armed Forces. (2) C
ONTINUED CRYOPRESERVATION AND  
STORAGE .—At the end of the one-year period specified in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall permit an individual whose gametes were cryopreserved and stored in a facility of the Department as described in that para-graph to select, including pursuant to an ad-vance medical directive or military testa-mentary instrument completed under sub-section (c), one of the following options: (A) To continue such cryopreservation and storage in such facility with the cost of such cryopreservation and storage borne by the individual. (B) To transfer the gametes to a private cryopreservation and storage facility se-lected by the individual. (3) D
ISPOSAL OF GAMETES .—If an individual described in paragraph (2) does not make a selection under subparagraph (A) or (B) of such paragraph, the Secretary may dispose of the gametes of the individual not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the end of the one-year period specified in paragraph (1) with respect to the individual. (c) A
DVANCE MEDICAL DIRECTIVE AND MILI-
TARY TESTAMENTARY INSTRUMENT .—A mem- ber of the Armed Forces who elects to cryopreserve and store their gametes under this section must complete an advance med-ical directive, as defined in section 1044c(b) of title 10, United States Code, and a mili-tary testamentary instrument, as defined in section 1044d(b) of such title, that explicitly specifies the use of their cryopreserved and stored gametes if such member dies or other-wise loses the capacity to consent to the use of their cryopreserved and stored gametes. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—To carry out this sec-tion, the Secretary may enter into agree-ments with private entities that provide cryopreservation and storage services for gametes. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. TRANSITION OF ADMINISTRATION BY DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY OF MILI-TARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILI-TIES. 
Section 1073c(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘In accord-ance with paragraph (3), by not later than September 30, 2020,’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish a timeline to ensure that each Sec-retary of a military department transitions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4406 May 22, 2018 
the administration of military medical treatment facilities from the respective Sec-retary to the Director of the Defense Health Agency pursuant to paragraph (1) by the date specified in such paragraph. ‘‘(B) In carrying out this subsection, and in addition to the requirements under section 1073d(e) of this title, the Secretary of De-fense may not close any military medical treatment facility, limit the health services provided by a military medical treatment fa-cility, or take any action to begin such a clo-sure or limitation, until the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following: ‘‘(i) A certification that each Secretary of a military department has completed the transition of the administration of each military medical treatment facility from the respective Secretary to the Director of the Defense Health Agency pursuant to para-graph (1). ‘‘(ii) A description of the metrics used by the Secretary of Defense to ensure that such transition is completed. ‘‘(iii) A description of a cohesive head-quarters structure that delineates the roles and responsibilities for each military depart-ment, the Joint Staff Surgeon, and the De-fense Health Agency. ‘‘(C) Not later than January 31, 2019, and every six months thereafter through Sep-tember 30, 2020, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the progress of the transition under this para-graph.’’; and (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. 
SEC. 712. SHARING INFORMATION WITH STATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
HARING INFORMATION WITH STATE  P
RESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PRO-
GRAMS .—(1) The Secretary shall establish and operate a prescription drug monitoring program (to be known as the Military Health System Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-gram) for prescription drugs provided through facilities of the uniformed services. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the program established under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) is comparable to prescription drug monitoring programs operated by States; and ‘‘(B) covers prescription drugs provided under the pharmacy benefits program that are controlled substances. ‘‘(3)(A) In carrying out the program estab-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall establish appropriate procedures for sharing between the program and State pre-scription drug monitoring programs patient- specific information regarding prescription drugs that are controlled substances to pre-vent the misuse and diversion of opioid medications and other controlled substances. ‘‘(B) For purposes of the regulations pro-mulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191; 42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), any disclosure of patient-spe-cific information by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be treated as a per-mitted disclosure. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall include in the procedures established under subparagraph (A) appropriate safeguards, as determined by the Secretary, concerning the cybersecurity of information systems of the Department of Defense systems and the operational secu-rity of personnel of the Department. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘con-trolled substance’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).’’. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the implementation of the program estab-lished under section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Section 1079(q) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. (2) FY16 
NDAA .—Section 715(e)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. (3) FY17 
NDAA .—Section 745(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. 
SEC. 713. IMPROVEMENT TO NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS OF HOSPITALIZATION OF COMBAT-WOUNDED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074l(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘admitted to a military treatment facility within the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘admitted to any military medical treatment facility’’. 
SEC. 714. IMPROVEMENTS TO TRAUMA CENTER PARTNERSHIPS. 
Section 708(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘large metropolitan teaching hospitals that have level I civilian’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘with civilian academic medical centers and large metropolitan teaching hospitals’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the trauma centers of the medical centers and hospitals’’ and inserting ‘‘trauma centers’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘large metropolitan teaching hospitals’’ and insert-ing ‘‘trauma centers’’. 
SEC. 715. WOUNDED WARRIOR POLICY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review and up-date policies and procedures relating to the care and management of recovering service members. In conducting such review, the Secretary shall consider best practices— (1) in the care of recovering service mem-bers; (2) in the administrative management re-lating to such care; (3) to carry out applicable provisions of Federal law; and (4) recommended by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States in the report titled ‘‘Army Needs to Improve Oversight of War-rior Transition Units’’. (b) S
COPE OF POLICY .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall update poli-cies of the Department of Defense with re-spect to each of the following: (1) The case management coordination of members of the Armed Forces between the military departments and the military med-ical treatment facilities administered by the Director of the Defense Health Agency pur-suant to section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, including with respect to the coordination of— (A) appointments; (B) rehabilitative services; (C) recuperation in an outpatient status; (D) contract care provided by a private health care provider outside of a military medical treatment facility; (E) the disability evaluation system; and (F) other administrative functions relating to the military department. (2) The transition of a member of the Armed Forces who is retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, from re-ceiving treatment furnished by the Sec-retary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (3) Facility standards related to lodging and accommodations for recovering service members and the family members and non- medical attendants of such recovering serv-ice members. (c) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and Secretaries of the military departments shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on the review conducted under sub-section (a), including a description of the policies updated pursuant to subsection (b). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘disability evaluation system’’, ‘‘outpatient status’’, and ‘‘recovering service members’’ have the meaning given those terms in sec-tion 1602 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note). 
SEC. 716. JOINT FORCE MEDICAL CAPABILITIES DEVELOPMENT AND STANDARDIZA-TION. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop a process to establish required joint medical capabilities for members of the Armed Forces that meet the operational planning requirements of the combatant commands. (b) P
ROCESS .—The process developed under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the development of a joint medical esti-mate to determine the medical requirements for treating members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured during mili-tary operations, including with respect to environmental health and force health pro-tection. (2) a process to review and revise military health related mission essential tasks that are aligned with health professional knowl-edge, skills, and abilities; and (3) a process to standardize the interoper-ability of medical equipment and capabili-ties to the greatest extent practicable to support the joint force. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report de-scribing the process developed under sub-section (a). Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. ESTABLISHMENT OF TRISERVICE DEN-TAL RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 104 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2117. Military dental research ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘military dental research’ means research on the furnishing of care and services by dentists in the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘TriService Dental Research Program’ means the program of military dental research authorized under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may establish at the University a program of military dental research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4407 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(c) T RISERVICE RESEARCH GROUP .—The TriService Dental Research Program shall be administered by a TriService Dental Re-search Group composed of Army, Navy, and Air Force dentists who are involved in mili-tary dental research and are designated by the Secretary concerned to serve as members of the group. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF GROUP .—The TriService Dental Research Group shall— ‘‘(1) develop for the Department of Defense recommended guidelines for requesting, re-viewing, and funding proposed military den-tal research projects; and ‘‘(2) make available to Army, Navy, and Air Force dentists and Department of De-fense officials concerned with military den-tal research— ‘‘(A) information about dental research projects that are being developed or carried out in the Army, Navy, and Air Force; and ‘‘(B) expertise and information beneficial to the encouragement of meaningful dental research. ‘‘(e) R
ESEARCH TOPICS .—For purposes of this section, military dental research in-cludes research on the following issues: ‘‘(1) Issues regarding how to improve the results of dental care and services provided in the armed forces in time of peace. ‘‘(2) Issues regarding how to improve the results of dental care and services provided in the armed forces in time of war. ‘‘(3) Issues regarding how to improve meth-ods of training dental personnel.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2116 the following new section: ‘‘2117. Military dental research.’’. 
SEC. 722. INCREASING THE NUMBER OF AP-POINTED DIRECTORS OF THE HENRY M. JACKSON FOUNDATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF MILI-TARY MEDICINE. 
Section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) six members appointed by the ex offi-cio members of the Council designated in subparagraphs (A) and (B).’’. 
SEC. 723. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE- DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRA-TION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as most recently amended by section 719 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1440), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 724. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS AND RE-LATED RESEARCH EFFORTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A NNUAL PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS -
MENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall incor-porate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder into annual periodic health assessments conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. (b) R
ESEARCH EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall incorporate into ongoing research ef-forts of the Department questions on gam-bling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such questions into the Health Re-lated Behaviors Survey of Active Duty Mili-tary Personnel. 
SEC. 725. MEDICAL SIMULATION TECHNOLOGY AND LIVE TISSUE TRAINING WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) U
SE OF SIMULATION TECHNOLOGY .—Ex- cept as provided by paragraph (2), the Sec-retary of Defense shall use medical simula-tion technology before the use of live tissue training to train medical professionals and combat medics of the Department of De-fense. (2) DETERMINATION .— The use of live tissue training within the Department of Defense may be used as determined necessary by the medical chain of command. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate on the use and benefit of medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Depart-ment of Defense to train medical profes-sionals, combat medics, and members of the Special Operations Forces. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (b) shall include the following: (1) A discussion of the benefits and needs of both medical simulation technology and live tissue training. (2) Ways and means to enhance and ad-vance the use of simulation technologies in training. (3) An assessment of current medical sim-ulation technology requirements, gaps, and limitations. (4) An overview of Department of Defense medical training programs, as of the date of the briefing, that use live tissue training and medical simulation technologies. (5) Any other matters the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. 
SEC. 726. LIMITATION ON CHANGES TO FEDERAL EMERGENCY SERVICES CERTIFI-CATION LEVELS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may not transition Federal Emergency Services cer-tification levels from Emergency Manage-ment Technician level to Emergency Medical Responder level until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the following: (1) Details on the process and factors the Air Force Emergency Medical Services Working Group used and considered to deter-mine which military installations would be required to transition Federal Emergency Services certification levels from Emergency Medical Technician level to Emergency Med-ical Responder level. (2) The required base and community emer-gency response standards the Air Force Emergency Medical Services Working Group based such transition on, including informa-tion on where these standards are defined and how these standards were developed. (3) Information on how the Air Force will meet the needs of trench rescue, water res-cue, high angle rescue, and confined space rescue pursuant to Department of Defense Instructions with less Emergency Manage-ment Technician certified personnel. (4) Information on the required response time standard for advanced life support and how the Air Force Emergency Medical Serv-ices Working Group determined a military installation could meet this standard. (5) Details on any contingency plans the Air Force has developed when basic and ad-vance life support care and ambulance trans-port are unavailable as a result of these re-sources being used to transport patients to medical facilities located off the military in-stallation. 
SEC. 727. STRATEGIC MEDICAL RESEARCH PLAN. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 is submitted to Congress pur-suant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a com-prehensive strategic medical research plan. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of all medical research focus areas of the Department of Defense and a description of the coordination process to ensure the focus areas are linked to military readiness, joint force requirements, and rel-evance to individuals eligible for care at military medical treatment facilities or through the TRICARE program. (2) A description of the medical research projects funded under the Defense Health Program account and the projects under the Congressional Directed Medical Research Programs. (3) A description of the process to ensure synergy across the military medical research community to address gaps in military med-ical research, minimize duplication of re-search, and to promote collaboration within research focus areas. (4) A description of the efforts of the Sec-retary to coordinate with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government to increase awareness of complementary med-ical research efforts that are being carried out through the Federal Government. 
SEC. 728. INDEPENDENT EVALUATION OF MEN-TAL HEALTH CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to evaluate the management of men-tal health care by the Defense Health Agen-cy pursuant to section 1073c(a) of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select a federally funded research and development center under subsection (a) that has exper-tise and a record of independent, peer-re-viewed publications with respect to— (1) behavioral health research; and (2) independent evaluations of mental health programs within the Department of Defense using multidisciplinary methods. (c) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The evaluation under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of the management of mental health care by the Defense Health Agency, including— (A) how mental health care providers will be arranged within the command structure of the Agency; and (B) how mental health care policy and processes will be managed within the Agen-cy. (2) An assessment of the ability of each Surgeon General of the military departments to maintain the readiness of the military health workforce to deliver mental health care services operationally in support of de-ployed forces. (3) An assessment of the coordination of behavioral health research efforts across the research continuum. (4) An assessment of the inclusion of evi-dence-based suicide prevention programs. (5) A description of new processes to accel-erate scientific research and delivery of breakthrough therapies for traumatic brain injury, chronic traumatic encephalopathy, and post-traumatic stress disorder. (6) Plans to field medical devices approved by the Food and Drug Administration that provide clinicians with rapid, accurate as-sessments of traumatic brain injury. (d) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the evaluation under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4408 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 729. STUDY ON REIMBURSEMENT RATES FOR MENTAL HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDERS UNDER TRICARE PRIME AND TRICARE SELECT IN THE EAST AND WEST REGIONS OF THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study assessing the impact of using established rates to reimburse covered mental health care providers on the avail-ability of such providers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An evaluation of— (A) whether there are enough covered men-tal health care providers to adequately serve the beneciaries under TRICARE Prime and the beneficiaries under TRICARE Select of each locality in the East and West regions of the TRICARE program, including in rural communities in such regions; and (B) whether the requirements under sec-tions 1079 (h)(1) and 1097b of title 10, United States Code, to use established rates to reim-burse covered mental health care providers limits the number of covered health care providers serving each locality in the East and West regions of the TRICARE program, including in rural communities in such re-gions. (2) An assessment of the impact of using established rates to reimburse covered men-tal health care providers on— (A) the ability of beneficaries under TRICARE Prime and beneficiaries under TRICARE Select beneficiaries to access ap-propriate and timely mental health care in accordance with section 199.17 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations; and (B) the availability of services provided by mental health care providers that are needed by members of the Armed Forces to be medi-cally ready. (3) Information about instances in which the Secretary provided or applied exceptions to established rates pursuant to sections 1079(h)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to increase the number of covered mental health care providers. (4) A description of how the Secretary so-licits and collects feedback from covered mental health care providers on established rates. (5) A list of actions the Secretary has taken to address such feedback. (6) Any legislative, regulatory, or policy recommendations that are necessary to im-prove the overall medical readiness of Armed Forces. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Armed Serv-ices of the Senate a report on the results of the study required under subsection (a). (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the report required under subsection (c) is submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Secretary shall provide a briefing to such committees on the results of the study required under sub-section (a). (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW AND RE-
PORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report under subsection (c) is submitted to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) review the report required under sub-section (c); and (2) submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate an assessment of— (A) whether the results of the study re-quired under subsection (a) are supported by the data and information examined in the study required under subsection (a); and (B) the feasibility of any recommendations identified by the Secretary under subsection (b)(6). (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘established rate’’ means the payment amount determined by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 1079(h)(1) and 1097b of title 10, United States Code, and sec-tion 199.14 of title 32, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (2) The term ‘‘covered mental health care provider’’ means a mental health care pro-vider under TRICARE Prime and TRICARE Select in the East and West regions of the TRICARE program. (3) The term ‘‘mental health care provider’’ means a psychiatrist, clinical psychologist, certified psychiatric nurse specialist, cer-tified clinical social worker, certified mar-riage and family therapist, TRICARE cer-tified mental health counselor, pastoral counselor under the supervision of a physi-cian, and supervised mental health counselor under the supervision of a physician. (4) The term locality means a geographic location— (A) designated as a Prime Service Area under section 199.17(b)(1) of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations; and (B) in which the Secretary entered into a contract under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, with a contractor under the TRICARE program to provide health care services to beneficiaries by TRICARE-au-thorized civilian health care providers. (5) The terms ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ and ‘‘TRICARE Select’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations 
SEC. 800. EFFECTIVE DATES; COORDINATION OF AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) P
ARTS I AND II .—Parts I and II of this subtitle, and the redesignations and amend-ments made by such parts, shall take effect on February 1, 2020. (2) P
ART III .—Part III of this subtitle shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) C
OORDINATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The re- designations and amendments made by part II of this subtitle shall be executed— (1) before the amendments made by part I of this subtitle; and (2) after any amendments made by any other provisions of this Act. PART I—CONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION STATUTES IN NEW PART V OF SUBTITLE A OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE 
SEC. 801. FRAMEWORK FOR NEW PART V OF SUB-TITLE A. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART V—ACQUISITION ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘
SUBPART A —GENERAL  ‘‘201. Definitions ................................ 3001 ‘‘203. General Matters ........................ 3021 ‘‘205. Defense Acquisition System ..... 3051 ‘‘207. Budgeting and Appropriations Matters ........................................ 3101 ‘‘209. Overseas Contingency Oper-ations ........................................... 3151 ‘‘
SUBPART B —ACQUISITION PLANNING  ‘‘221. Planning and Solicitation Gen-erally ........................................... 3201 ‘‘223. Planning and Solicitation Re-lating to Particular Items or Services ....................................... 3251 ‘‘SUBPART C —CONTRACTING METHODS AND  
CONTRACT TYPES  ‘‘241. Awarding of Contracts .............. 3301 ‘‘243. Specific Types of Contracts ...... 3351 ‘‘245. Task and Delivery Order Con-tracts (Multiple Award Con-tracts) .......................................... 3401 ‘‘247. Acquisition of Commercial Items ........................................... 3451 ‘‘249. Multiyear Contracts ................. 3501 ‘‘251. Simplified Acquisition Proce-dures ............................................ 3551 ‘‘253. Emergency and Rapid Acquisi-tions ............................................. 3601 ‘‘255. Contracting With or Through Other Agencies ............................ 3651 ‘‘
SUBPART D —GENERAL CONTRACTING  
REQUIREMENTS  ‘‘271. Truthful Cost or Pricing Data .. 3701 ‘‘273. Allowable Costs ........................ 3741 ‘‘275. Proprietary Contractor Data and Technical Data ...................... 3771 ‘‘277. Contract Financing .................. 3801 ‘‘279. Contractor Audits and Account-ing ................................................ 3841 ‘‘281. Claims and Disputes ................. 3861 ‘‘283. Foreign Acquisitions ................ 3881 ‘‘285. Small Business Programs ......... 3901 ‘‘287. Socioeconomic Programs ......... 3961 ‘‘
SUBPART E —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON -
TRACTING : MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO -
GRAMS AND MAJOR SYSTEMS  ‘‘301. Major Defense Acquisition Pro-grams ........................................... 4001 ‘‘303. Weapon Systems Development and Related Matters .................... 4071 ‘‘305. Other Matters Relating to Major Systems ............................. 4121 ‘‘
SUBPART F —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON -
TRACTING : RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
AND EVALUATION  ‘‘321. Research and Development Generally ..................................... 4201 ‘‘323. Innovation ................................ 4301 ‘‘325. Department of Defense Labora-tories ........................................... 4351 ‘‘327. Research and Development Cen-ters and Facilities ....................... 4401 ‘‘329. Operational Test and Evalua-tion; Developmental Test and Evaluation ................................... 4451 ‘‘
SUBPART G —OTHER SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF  
CONTRACTING  ‘‘341. Contracting for Performance of Civilian Commercial or Indus-trial Type Functions ................... 4501 ‘‘343. Acquisition of Services ............. 4541 ‘‘345. Acquisition of Information Technology .................................. 4571 ‘‘
SUBPART H —CONTRACT MANAGEMENT  ‘‘361. Contract Administration .......... 4601 ‘‘363. Prohibitions and Penalties ....... 4651 ‘‘365. Contractor Workforce ............... 4701 ‘‘367. Other Administrative and Mis-cellaneous Provisions .................. 4751 ‘‘
SUBPART I —DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE  ‘‘381. Defense Industrial Base Gen-erally ........................................... 4801 ‘‘383. Loan Guarantee Programs ........ 4861 ‘‘385. Procurement Technical Assist-ance Cooperative Agreement Pro-gram ............................................ 4881 ‘‘Subpart A—General ‘‘CHAPTER 201—DEFINITIONS 
‘‘SEC. 3001. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 203—GENERAL MATTERS 
‘‘SEC. 3021. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 205—DEFENSE ACQUISITION SYSTEM 
‘‘SEC. 3051. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4409 May 22, 2018 
‘‘CHAPTER 207—BUDGETING AND APPROPRIATIONS MATTERS 
‘‘SEC. 3101. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 209—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
‘‘SEC. 3151. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart B—Acquisition Planning ‘‘CHAPTER 221—PLANNING AND SOLICITATION GENERALLY 
‘‘SEC. 3201. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 223—PLANNING AND SOLICITA-TION RELATING TO PARTICULAR ITEMS OR SERVICES 
‘‘SEC. 3251. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart C—Contracting Methods and Contract Types ‘‘CHAPTER 241—AWARDING OF CONTRACTS 
‘‘SEC. 3301. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 243—SPECIFIC TYPES OF CONTRACTS 
‘‘SEC. 3351. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 245—TASK AND DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS (MULTIPLE AWARD CONTRACTS) 
‘‘SEC. 3401. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 247—ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS 
‘‘SEC. 3451. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 249—MULTIYEAR CONTRACTS 
‘‘SEC. 3501. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 251—SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION PROCEDURES 
‘‘SEC. 3551. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 253—EMERGENCY AND RAPID ACQUISITIONS 
‘‘SEC. 3601. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 255—CONTRACTING WITH OR THROUGH OTHER AGENCIES 
‘‘SEC. 3651. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart D—General Contracting Requirements ‘‘CHAPTER 271—TRUTHFUL COST OR PRICING DATA 
‘‘SEC. 3701. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 273—ALLOWABLE COSTS 
‘‘SEC. 3741. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 275—PROPRIETARY CON-TRACTOR DATA AND TECHNICAL DATA 
‘‘SEC. 3771. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 277—CONTRACT FINANCING 
‘‘SEC. 3801. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 279—CONTRACTOR AUDITS AND ACCOUNTING 
‘‘SEC. 3841. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 281—CLAIMS AND DISPUTES 
‘‘SEC. 3861. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 283—FOREIGN ACQUISITIONS 
‘‘SEC. 3881. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 285—SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS ‘‘SEC. 3901. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 287—SOCIOECONOMIC PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 3961. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart E—Special Categories of Con-tracting: Major Defense Acquisition Pro-grams and Major Systems ‘‘CHAPTER 301—MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4001. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 303—WEAPON SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED MATTERS 
‘‘SEC. 4071. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 305—OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO MAJOR SYSTEMS 
‘‘SEC. 4121. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart F—Special Categories of Con-tracting: Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation ‘‘CHAPTER 321—RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GENERALLY 
‘‘SEC. 4201. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 323—INNOVATION 
‘‘SEC. 4301. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 325—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES 
‘‘SEC. 4351. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 327—RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTERS AND FACILITIES 
‘‘SEC. 4401. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 329—OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION; DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION 
‘‘SEC. 4451. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart G—Other Special Categories Of Contracting ‘‘CHAPTER 341—CONTRACTING FOR PER-FORMANCE OF CIVILIAN COMMERCIAL OR INDUSTRIAL TYPE FUNCTIONS 
‘‘SEC. 4501. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 343—ACQUISITION OF SERVICES 
‘‘SEC. 4541. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 345—ACQUISITION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
‘‘SEC. 4571. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart H—Contract Management ‘‘CHAPTER 361—CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION 
‘‘SEC. 4601. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 363—PROHIBITIONS AND PENALTIES 
‘‘SEC. 4651. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 365—CONTRACTOR WORKFORCE 
‘‘SEC. 4701. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 367—OTHER ADMINISTRATIVE AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 4751. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘Subpart I—Defense Industrial Base ‘‘CHAPTER 381—DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE GENERALLY ‘‘SEC. 4801. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 383—LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4861. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ ‘‘CHAPTER 385—PROCUREMENT TECH-NICAL ASSISTANCE COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 4881. øRESERVED¿. 
øReserved¿ (b) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters at the beginning of subtitle A is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new items: ‘‘PART V—ACQUISITION ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘
SUBPART A —GENERAL  ‘‘201. Definitions ................................ 3001‘‘203. General Matters ........................ 3021‘‘205. Defense Acquisition System ..... 3051‘‘207. Budgeting and Appropriations Matters ........................................ 3101‘‘209. Overseas Contingency Oper-ations ........................................... 3151‘‘
SUBPART B —ACQUISITION PLANNING  ‘‘221. Planning and Solicitation Gen-erally ........................................... 3201‘‘223. Planning and Solicitation Re-lating to Particular Items or Services ....................................... 3251‘‘
SUBPART C —CONTRACTING METHODS AND  
CONTRACT TYPES  ‘‘241. Awarding of Contracts .............. 3301‘‘243. Specific Types of Contracts ...... 3351‘‘245. Task and Delivery Order Con-tracts (Multiple Award Con-tracts) .......................................... 3401‘‘247. Acquisition of Commercial Items ........................................... 3451‘‘249. Multiyear Contracts ................. 3501‘‘251. Simplified Acquisition Proce-dures ............................................ 3551‘‘253. Emergency and Rapid Acquisi-tions ............................................. 3601‘‘255. Contracting With or Through Other Agencies ............................ 3651‘‘
SUBPART D —GENERAL CONTRACTING  
REQUIREMENTS  ‘‘271. Truthful Cost or Pricing Data .. 3701‘‘273. Allowable Costs ........................ 3741‘‘275. Proprietary Contractor Data and Technical Data ...................... 3771‘‘277. Contract Financing .................. 3801‘‘279. Contractor Audits and Account-ing ................................................ 3841‘‘281. Claims and Disputes ................. 3861‘‘283. Foreign Acquisitions ................ 3881‘‘285. Small Business Programs ......... 3901‘‘287. Socioeconomic Programs ......... 3961‘‘
SUBPART E —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON -
TRACTING : MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO -
GRAMS AND MAJOR SYSTEMS  ‘‘301. Major Defense Acquisition Pro-grams ........................................... 4001‘‘303. Weapon Systems Development and Related Matters .................... 4071‘‘305. Other Matters Relating to Major Systems ............................. 4121‘‘
SUBPART F —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON -
TRACTING : RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
AND EVALUATION  ‘‘321. Research and Development Generally ..................................... 4201‘‘323. Innovation ................................ 4301‘‘325. Department of Defense Labora-tories ........................................... 4351‘‘327. Research and Development Cen-ters and Facilities ....................... 4401
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4410 May 22, 2018 
‘‘329. Operational Test and Evalua-tion; Developmental Test and Evaluation ................................... 4451‘‘
SUBPART G —OTHER SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF  
CONTRACTING  ‘‘341. Contracting for Performance of Civilian Commercial or Indus-trial Type Functions ................... 4501‘‘343. Acquisition of Services ............. 4541‘‘345. Acquisition of Information Technology .................................. 4571‘‘
SUBPART H —CONTRACT MANAGEMENT  ‘‘361. Contract Administration .......... 4601‘‘363. Prohibitions and Penalties ....... 4651‘‘365. Contractor Workforce ............... 4701‘‘367. Other Administrative and Mis-cellaneous Provisions .................. 4751‘‘
SUBPART I —DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE  ‘‘381. Defense Industrial Base Gen-erally ........................................... 4801‘‘383. Loan Guarantee Programs ........ 4861‘‘385. Procurement Technical Assist-ance Cooperative Agreement Pro-gram ............................................ 4881’’. PART II—REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLES B, C, AND D TO PROVIDE ROOM FOR NEW PART V OF SUBTITLE A 
SEC. 806. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE D OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—AIR FORCE. 
(a) S UBTITLE D, P ART III, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—The sections in part III of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code, are redesig-nated as follows: (1) C
HAPTER 909 .—Each section in chapter 909 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 50. (2) C
HAPTER 907 .—Each section in chapter 907 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 70. (3) C
HAPTERS 901 AND 903 .—Each section in chapter 901 and chapter 903 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesig-nated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 100. (b) S
UBTITLE D, P ART II, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—The sections in part II of such sub-title are redesignated as follows: (1) C
HAPTER 831 .—Section 8210 is redesig-nated as section 9110. (2) C
HAPTER 833 .—Sections 8251, 8252, 8257, and 8258 are redesignated as sections 9131, 9132, 9137, and 9138, respectively. (3) C
HAPTER 835 .—Sections 8281 and 8310 are redesignated as sections 9151 and 9160, re-spectively. (4) C
HAPTER 839 .—Section 8446 is redesig-nated as section 9176. (5) C
HAPTER 841 .—Sections 8491 and 8503 are redesignated as sections 9191 and 9203, re-spectively. (6) C
HAPTER 843 .—Sections 8547 and 8548 are redesignated as sections 9217 and 9218, re-spectively. (7) C
HAPTER 845 .—Sections 8572, 8575, 8579, 8581, and 8583 are redesignated as sections 9222, 9225, 9229, 9231, and 9233, respectively. (8) C
HAPTER 849 .—Section 8639 is redesig-nated as section 9239. (9) C
HAPTER 853 .—Sections 8681, 8684, and 8691 are redesignated as sections 9251, 9252, and 9253, respectively. (10) C
HAPTER 855 .—Section 8723 is redesig-nated as section 9263. (11) C
HAPTER 857 .—Each section in chapter 857 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 530. (12) C
HAPTER 861 .—Section 8817 is redesig-nated as section 9307. (13) C
HAPTER 867 .—Each section in chapter 867 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 400. (14) CHAPTER 869 .—Sections 8961, 8962, 8963, 8964, 8965, and 8966 are redesignated as sec-tions 9341, 9342, 9343, 9344, 9345, and 9346, re-spectively. (15) C
HAPTER 871 .—Sections 8991 and 8992 are redesignated as sections 9361 and 9362, re-spectively. (16) C
HAPTER 873 .—Sections 9021, 9025, and 9027 are redesignated as sections 9371, 9375, and 9377, respectively. (17) C
HAPTER 875 .—Section 9061 is redesig-nated as section 9381. (c) S
UBTITLE D, P ART I, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—Each section in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,000. (d) S
UBTITLE D CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) P
ARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 30. (2) P
ARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 50. (3) P
ARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 80. (B) O
THER CHAPTERS .— (i) Chapter 861 is redesignated as chapter 939. (ii) Chapters 867, 869, 871, 873, and 875 are each redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 74. (4) P
ARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 100. (e) S
UBTITLE D T ABLES OF SECTIONS AND  T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) T
ABLES OF SECTIONS .—The tables of sec-tions at the beginning of the chapters of such subtitle are revised so as to conform the section references in those tables to the redesignations made by subsections (a), (b), and (c). (2) T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and sec-tion references in those tables to the redes-ignations made by this section. 
SEC. 807. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE C OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
(a) S UBTITLE C, P ART I, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part I of sub-title C of title 10, United States Code, is re-designated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,000. (2) C
HAPTER 513 .—For sections in chapter 513, each section is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,940. (b) S
UBTITLE C, P ART II, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—The sections in part II of such sub-title are redesignated as follows: (1) C
HAPTER 533 .—Sections 5441, 5450, and 5451 are redesignated as sections 8101, 8102, and 8103, respectively. (2) CHAPTER 535 .—Sections 5501, 5502, 5503, and 5508 are redesignated as sections 8111, 8112, 8113, and 8118, respectively. (3) C
HAPTER 537 .—Section 5540 is redesig-nated as section 8120. (4) C
HAPTER 539 .—Sections 5582, 5585, 5587, 5587a, 5589, and 5596 are redesignated as sec-tions 8132, 8135, 8137, 8138, 8139, and 8146, re-spectively. (5) C
HAPTER 544 .—Section 5721 is redesig-nated as section 8151. (6) C
HAPTER 551 .—Each section in chapter 551 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,220. (7) C
HAPTER 553 .—Sections 5983, 5985, and 5986 are redesignated as sections 8183, 8185, and 8186, respectively. (8) C
HAPTER 555 .—The sections in chapter 555 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
6011 8211 
6012 8212 
6013 8213 
6014 8214 
6019 8215 
6021 8216 
6022 8217 
6024 8218 
6027 8219 
6029 8220 
6031 8221 
6032 8222 
6035 8225 
6036 8226 
(9) C HAPTER 557 .—Each section in chapter 557 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,160. (10) C
HAPTER 559 .—Section 6113 is redesig-nated as section 8253. (11) C
HAPTER 561 .—The sections in chapter 561 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
6141 8261 
6151 8262 
6152 8263 
6153 8264 
6154 8265 
6155 8266 
6156 8267 
6160 8270 
6161 8271 
(12) C HAPTER 563 .—Sections 6201, 6202, and 6203 are redesignated as sections 8281, 8282, and 8283, respectively. (13) C
HAPTER 565 .—Sections 6221 and 6222 are redesignated as sections 8286 and 8287, re-spectively. (14) C
HAPTER 567 .—Each section in chapter 567 is redesignated so that the number of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4411 May 22, 2018 
section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,050. (15) C
HAPTER 569 .—Section 6292 is redesig-nated as section 8317. (16) C
HAPTER 571 .—Each section in chapter 571 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,000. (17) C
HAPTER 573 .—Sections 6371, 6383, 6389, 6404, and 6408 are redesignated as sections 8371, 8372, 8373, 8374, and 8375, respectively. (18) C
HAPTER 575 .—Sections 6483, 6484, 6485, and 6486 are redesignated as sections 8383, 8384, 8385, and 8386, respectively. (19) C
HAPTER 577 .—Section 6522 is redesig-nated as section 8392. (c) S
UBTITLE C, P ART III, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,500. (2) C
HAPTER 609 .—Sections 7101, 7102, 7103, and 7104 are redesignated as sections 8591, 8592, 8593, and 8594, respectively. (d) S
UBTITLE C, P ART IV, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—The sections in part IV of such sub-title are redesignated as follows: (1) C
HAPTER 631 .—Each section in chapter 631 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,400. (2) C
HAPTER 633 .—Each section in chapter 633 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,370. (3) C
HAPTER 637 .—Sections 7361, 7362, 7363, and 7364 are redesignated as sections 8701, 8702, 8703, and 8704, respectively. (4) C
HAPTER 639 .—Sections 7395 and 7396 are redesignated as sections 8715 and 8716, re-spectively. (5) C
HAPTER 641 .—Each section in chapter 641 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,300. (6) C
HAPTER 643 .—Sections 7472, 7473, 7476, 7477, 7478, 7479, and 7480 are redesignated as sections 8742, 8743, 8746, 8747, 8748, 8749, and 8750, respectively. (7) C
HAPTER 645 .—Sections 7522, 7523, and 7524 are redesignated as sections 8752, 8753, and 8754, respectively. (8) C
HAPTER 647 .—The sections in chapter 647 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
7541 8761 
7541a 8761a 
7541b 8761b 
7542 8762 
7543 8763 
7544 8764 
7545 8745 
7546 8746 
7577 8747 
(9) C HAPTERS 649 , 651, 653, AND 655 .—Each sec- tion in chapters 649, 651, 653, and 655 is redes-ignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the pre-vious number plus 1,200. (10) C
HAPTER 657 .—Each section in chapter 657 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,170. (11) CHAPTER 659 .—Sections 7851, 7852, 7853, and 7854 are redesignated as sections 8901, 8902, 8903, and 8904, respectively. (12) C
HAPTER 661 .—Sections 7861, 7862, and 7863 are redesignated as sections 8911, 8912, and 8913, respectively. (13) C
HAPTER 663 .—Section 7881 is redesig-nated as section 8921. (14) C
HAPTER 665 .—Sections 7901, 7902, and 7903 are redesignated as sections 8931, 8932, and 8933, respectively. (15) C
HAPTER 667 .—Sections 7912 and 7913 are redesignated as sections 8942 and 8943, re-spectively. (16) C
HAPTER 669 .—Section 7921 is redesig-nated as section 8951. (e) S
UBTITLE C CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) P
ARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 300, except that chapter 513 is redesignated as chapter 809. (2) P
ARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 270. (B) O
THER CHAPTERS .—Chapter 533 is redes-ignated as chapter 811, chapter 535 is redesig-nated as chapter 812, chapter 537 is redesig-nated as chapter 813, chapter 539 is redesig-nated as chapter 815, and chapter 544 is re-designated as chapter 817. (3) P
ARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 250. (4) P
ARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 228, except that chapter 631 is redesignated as chapter 861 and chapter 633 is redesignated as chapter 863. (f) S
UBTITLE C TABLES OF SECTIONS AND TA-
BLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) T
ABLES OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of each chapter of such subtitle is revised so as to conform the section references in the table to the redes-ignations made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d). (2) T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and sec-tion references in those tables to the redes-ignations made by this section. 
SEC. 808. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—ARMY. 
(a) S UBTITLE B, P ART I, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—Each section in part I of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code, is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesig-nated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 4,000. (b) S
UBTITLE B, P ART II, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—The sections in part II of such sub-title are redesignated as follows: (1) C
HAPTER 331 .—Section 3210 is redesig-nated as section 7110. (2) C
HAPTER 333 .—Sections 3251, 3258, and 3262 are redesignated as sections 7131, 7138, and 7142, respectively. (3) C
HAPTER 335 .—Sections 3281, 3282, 3283, and 3310 are redesignated as sections 7151, 7152, 7153, and 7160, respectively. (4) C
HAPTER 339 .—Section 3446 is redesig-nated as sections 7176. (5) C
HAPTER 341 .—Sections 3491 and 3503 are redesignated as sections 7191 and 7203, re-spectively. (6) CHAPTER 343 .—Sections 3533, 3534, 3536, 3547 and 3548 are redesignated as sections 7213, 7214, 7316, 7217, and 7218, respectively. (7) C
HAPTER 345 .—Sections 3572, 3575, 3579, 3581, and 3583 are redesignated as sections 7222, 7225, 7229, 7231, and 7233, respectively. (8) C
HAPTER 349 .—Section 3639 is redesig-nated as section 7239. (9) C
HAPTER 353 .—Sections 3681, 3684, and 3691 are redesignated as sections 7251, 7252, and 7253, respectively. (10) C
HAPTER 355 .—Section 3723 is redesig-nated as section 7263. (11) C
HAPTER 357 .—Each section in chapter 357 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,530. (12) C
HAPTER 367 .—Each section in chapter 367 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,400. (13) C
HAPTER 369 .—Sections 3961, 3962, 3963, 3964, 3965, and 3966 are redesignated as sec-tions 7341, 7342, 7343, 7344, 7345, and 7346, re-spectively. (14) C
HAPTER 371 .—Sections 3991 and 3992 are redesignated as sections 7361 and 7362, re-spectively. (15) C
HAPTER 373 .—Sections 4021, 4024, 4025, and 4027 are redesignated as sections 7371, 7374, 7375, and 7377, respectively. (16) C
HAPTER 375 .—Section 4061 is redesig-nated as section 7381. (c) S
UBTITLE B, P ART III, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,100. (2) C
HAPTER 407 .—Each section in chapter 407 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,070. (d) S
UBTITLE B, P ART IV, S ECTION NUM-
BERS .—Each section in part IV of such sub-title is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,000. (e) S
UBTITLE B CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) P
ARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 400. (2) P
ARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 380. (B) O
THER CHAPTERS .—Chapters 367, 369, 371, 373, and 375 are each redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 374. (3) P
ARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 350. (4) P
ARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chap-ter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redes-ignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 330. (f) S
UBTITLE B TABLES OF SECTIONS AND TA-
BLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) T
ABLES OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of each chapter of such subtitle is revised so as to conform the section references in the table to the redes-ignations made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d). (2) T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4412 May 22, 2018 
of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and sec-tion references in those tables to the redes-ignations made by this section. 
SEC. 809. CROSS REFERENCES TO REDESIG-NATED SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO REFERENCES IN TITLE 10.—Each provision of title 10, United States Code (including the table of subtitles pre-ceding subtitle A), that contains a reference to a section or chapter redesignated by this subtitle is amended so that the reference re-fers to the number of the section or chapter as redesignated. (b) D
EEMING RULE FOR OTHER REF-
ERENCES .—Any reference in a provision of law other than title 10, United States Code, to a section or chapter redesignated by this subtitle shall be deemed to refer to the sec-tion or chapter as so redesignated. PART III—REPEALS OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION LAW 
SEC. 811. AMENDMENT TO AND REPEAL OF STAT-UTORY REQUIREMENTS FOR CER-TAIN POSITIONS OR OFFICES IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO STATUTORY REQUIRE -
MENT FOR DIRECTOR OF CORROSION POLICY  
ANDOVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2228 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an Office of Corrosion Policy and Oversight within the Department of Defense, which shall be headed by a Director of Corrosion Policy and Oversight.’’; (B) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (C) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respec-tively; and (D) in subsection (c) (as so resdesignated), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1067 of the Bob Stump National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 116 Stat. 2658, 2659; 10 U.S.C. 2228 note) is amended by striking subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e). (b) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOR DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF PERFORM -
ANCE ASSESSMENT AND ROOT CAUSE ANAL-
YSIS.— (1) R
EPEAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2438 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2438. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 131(b)(9) of such title is amend-ed by striking subparagraph (I). (B) Section 2548(a) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘, the Director of Procurement and Acquisition Policy, and the Director of the Office of Performance Assessment and Root Cause Analysis,’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Director of Procurement and Acquisition Policy’’. (C) Section 882 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking subsection (a). (c) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOROFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Section 2515 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 148 of such title is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2515. (d) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOR OFFICE FOR FOREIGN DEFENSE CRITICAL  T
ECHNOLOGY MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT .— (1) REPEAL .—Section 2517 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 148 of such title is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2517. (e) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOR SMALL BUSINESS OMBUDSMAN FOR DE-
FENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY AND DEFENSE  C
ONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Section 204 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 8 of such title is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 204. (f) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  D
EFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ADVOCATE FOR  C
OMPETITION .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Section 2318 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); and (B) by striking ‘‘(b)’’ before ‘‘Each advo-cate’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘advocate for competition of’’ and inserting ‘‘advocate for competition designated pursuant to section 1705(a) of title 41 for’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘a grade GS–16 or above under the General Schedule (or in a com-parable or higher position under another schedule)’’ and inserting ‘‘in a position clas-sified above GS–15 pursuant to section 5108 of title 5’’. (g) S
UNSET FOR STATUTORY DESIGNATION OF  S
ENIOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OFFICIAL  W
ITH PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR DI-
RECTED ENERGY WEAPONS .—Section 219 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
UNSET .—The provisions of subsection (a) and of paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) shall cease to be in effect as of September 30, 2022.’’. (h) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FORDESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL TO SERVE AS  P
RIMARY LIAISON BETWEEN THE PROCUREMENT  
ANDRESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES  
OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES AND  T
HOSE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL .—Section 1006 of the National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 2040; 10 U.S.C. 133a note) is repealed. (i) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL TO COORDI -
NATE AND MANAGE HUMAN SYSTEMS INTEGRA -
TION ACTIVITIES RELATED TO ACQUISITION  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 231 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 45; 10 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d). (j) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RESPON -
SIBLE FOR FOCUS ON URGENT OPERATIONAL  N
EEDS AND RAPID ACQUISITION .—Section 902 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1865; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is repealed. (k) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOR DESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RE-
SPONSIBLE FOR DUAL-USE PROJECTS UNDER  D
UAL-USE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM .—Section 203 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Pub-lic Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2511 note) is amend-ed by striking subsection (c). (l) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL AS EXECU -
TIVE AGENT FOR PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARD  T
ECHNOLOGY .—Section 256 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4404; 10 U.S.C. 2501 note) is repealed. SEC. 812. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION LAWS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) S
ECTION 167A .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 167a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 6 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 167a. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 905(a)(1) of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 133a note) is amended by striking ‘‘166b, 167, or 167a’’ and inserting ‘‘166b or 167’’. (2) S
ECTION 2323 .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2323. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 853(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Pub-lic Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, and’’. (ii) Section 831(n) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Pub-lic Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed— (I) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, as in ef-fect on March 1, 2018’’ after ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (II) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, and’’. (iii) Subsection (d) of section 811 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2323 note) is repealed. (iv) Section 8304(1) of the Federal Acquisi-tion Streamlining Act of 1994 (10 U.S.C. 2375 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, or’’. (v) Section 10004(a)(1) of the Federal Acqui-sition Streamlining Act of 1994 (41 U.S.C. 1122 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, or’’. (vi) Section 2304(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and concerns other than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘this title’’. (vii) Section 2304e(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘other than—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘small’’ and inserting ‘‘other than small’’; (II) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (III) by striking paragraph (2). (viii) Section 2323a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of this title and’’. (ix) Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended— (I) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code,’’; (II) in subsection (k)(10)— (aa) by striking ‘‘or section 2323 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (m),’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘subsection (a),’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or’’; and (III) by amending subsection (m) to read as follows: ‘‘(m) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES OF PROCUREMENT  C
ENTER REPRESENTATIVES .—All procurement center representatives (including those re-ferred to in subsection (k)(6)), in addition to such other duties as may be assigned by the Administrator, shall increase, insofar as pos-sible, the number and dollar value of pro-curements that may be used for the pro-grams established under this section and sec-tion 8(a).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4413 May 22, 2018 
(x) Section 1902(b)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, sec-tion 2323 of title 10,’’. (3) S
ECTION 2332 .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 2332 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2332. (b) O
THER PROVISIONS OF LAW.—The fol- lowing provisions of law are repealed: (1) Section 801 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (2) Section 934 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (3) Section 804 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (4) Section 881 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (5) Section 854 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (6) Section 804 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (7) Section 829 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (8) Section 818(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (9) Section 815(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (10) Section 812 of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (11) Section 817 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (12) Section 141 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (13) Section 801(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Pub-lic Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (14) Section 805(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Pub-lic Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (15) Section 352 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (16) Section 326 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (17) Section 9004 of the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–165; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (18) Section 895 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (19) Section 802 of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (20) Section 821 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (21) Section 813 of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (22) Section 391 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (23) Section 927(b) of Public Laws 99–500, 99–591, and 99–661 (10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (24) Section 1222(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1987 (Pub-lic Law 99–661; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (25) Section 814(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2304a note). (26) Section 834 of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2304b note). (27) Section 803 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note). (28) Section 1075 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Pub-lic Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2315 note). (29) Section 824(a) of the Ike Skelton Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2320 note). (30) Section 818 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2324 note). (31) Section 812 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2326 note). (32) Sections 908(a), (b), (c), and (e) of Pub-lic Laws 99–500, 99–591, and 99–661 (10 U.S.C. 2326 note). (33) Section 882 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (34) Section 807 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (35) Section 805 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (36) Section 808 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (37) Section 812(b)–(c) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (38) Section 801(d)–(f) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (39) Section 802 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (40) Section 831 of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2330a note). (41) Section 1032 of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (42) Section 241 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (43) Section 606 of Public Law 92–436 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (44) Section 913(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 2364 note). (45) Sections 234(a) and (b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1987 (Public Law 99–661; 10 U.S.C. 2364 note). (46) Section 943(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2366a note). (47) Section 801 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1990 (Public Law 101–189; 10 U.S.C. 2399 note). (48) Section 8133 of the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, 2000 (Public Law 106–79; 10 U.S.C. 2401a note). (49) Section 807(b) of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2410p note). (50) Section 825(c)(1)–(2) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (51) Section 1058 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (52) Section 837 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (53) Section 838 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (54) Section 809 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (55) Section 833 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (56) Section 839 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (57) Section 819 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (58) Section 5064 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–355; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (59) Section 803 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (60) Section 1215 of the Department of De-fense Authorization Act, 1984 (Public Law 98– 94; 10 U.S.C. 2452 note). (61) Section 328 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (62) Section 347 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (63) Section 349 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (64) Section 395 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (65) Section 352 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (66) Section 325 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (67) Section 336 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (68) Section 353(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (69) Section 353(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (70) Section 356 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (71) Section 1010 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–56; 10 U.S.C. 2465 note). (72) Section 4101 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Pub-lic Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2500 note). (73) Section 852 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2504 note). (74) Section 823 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2521 note). (75) Section 823 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (76) Section 804(h) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (77) Section 842(b) of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (78) Section 343 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 4551 note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4414 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 813. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) S
ECTION 118A .—Section 118a is amended by striking subsection (d). (2) S
ECTION 1116 .—Section 1116 is amended by striking subsection (d). (3) S
ECTION 2275 .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 2275 is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 135 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2275. (4) S
ECTION 2276 .—Section 2276 is amended by striking subsection (e). (5) S
ECTION 10543 .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 10543 is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1013 is amended by striking the item relating to section 10543. (b) NDAA 
FORFY 2007.—Section 122 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as amended by section 121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 691), is amended by striking subsection (d). (c) NDAA 
FORFY 2008.—The National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) is amended— (1) in section 911(f) (10 U.S.C. 2271 note)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘; B
IENNIAL UPDATE ’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, and each update required by paragraph (2),’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and (2) in section 1107 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note)— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘dem-onstration laboratory’’ and inserting ‘‘lab-oratory designated by the Secretary of De-fense under the provisions of section 342(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 108 Stat. 2721)’’; and (B) by striking subsections (d) and (e). (d) NDAA 
FORFY 2009.—Section 1047(d) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2366b note) is amend-ed— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘B
ANDWIDTH ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘B
ANDWIDTH  R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (e) NDAA 
FORFY 2010.—Section 1244 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 22 U.S.C. 1928 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (f) NDAA 
FORFY 2011.—Section 1217 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 22 U.S.C. 7513 note) is amended by striking subsection (i). (g) NDAA 
FORFY 2013.—The National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) is amended— (1) in section 524 (126 Stat. 1723; 10 U.S.C. 1222 note) by striking subsection (c); and (2) in section 904(h) (10 U.S.C. 133 note)— (A) by striking ‘‘R
EPORTS TOCONGRESS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL  
CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—’’ and insert-ing ‘‘C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering’’. (h) NDAA 
FORFY 2015.—Section 1026(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490) is repealed. (i) MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION  A
CT, 1982.—Section 703 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act, 1982 (Public Law 97–99; 95 Stat. 1376) is amended by strik-ing subsection (g). (j) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) NDAA 
FOR FY 2017 .—Section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (3), (28), (40), (41), and (63); (B) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (3); (C) in subsection (f), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2); (D) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (3); (E) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (3); and (F) in subsection (i), by striking para-graphs (17), (19), and (24). (2) NDAA 
FOR FY 2000 .—Section 1031 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 749; 31 U.S.C. 1113 note) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (32). Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 821. CONTRACT GOAL FOR THE ABILITYONE PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT GOAL FOR THE ABILITY ONE P
ROGRAM .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2323a the following new section: ‘‘§ 2323b. Contract goal for the AbilityOne program ‘‘(a) G
OAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a goal for each fiscal year for the procurement of products and services from the procurement list established pursuant to section 8503 of title 41 of an amount equal to 1.5 percent of the total amount of funds obli-gated for contracts entered into with the De-partment of Defense in such fiscal year for procurement. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—At the conclusion of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Dis-abled (established under section 8502 of title 41) a report on the progress toward attaining the goal established under subsection (a) with respect to such fiscal year. The report shall include— ‘‘(1) if the goal was not achieved, a plan to achieve the goal in the next fiscal year; and ‘‘(2) if the goal was achieved, a strategy to exceed the goal in the next fiscal year.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2323a the following new item: ‘‘2323b. Contract goal for the AbilityOne pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 822. INCREASED MICRO-PURCHASE THRESH-OLD APPLICABLE TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROCUREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding sub-section (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF MICRO -PURCHASE THRESHOLD  
FOR CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACTIVI -
TIES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2339 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2339. (2) MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR NON - 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PURCHASES .—Sec- tion 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339 of title 10 and’’. 
SEC. 823. PREFERENCE FOR OFFERORS EMPLOY-ING VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Preference for offerors employing veterans ‘‘(a) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services for the Department of Defense, the head of an agency may establish a preference for offerors that employ veterans on a full-time basis. The Secretary of Defense shall deter-mine the criteria for use of such preference. ‘‘(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Prior to establishing the preference described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on— ‘‘(1) a plan for implementing such pref-erence, including— ‘‘(A) penalties for an offeror that willfully and intentionally misrepresents the veteran status of the employees of the offeror in a bid submitted under subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) reporting on use of such preference; and ‘‘(2) the process for assessing and verifying offeror compliance with regulations relating to equal opportunity for veterans require-ments.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Preference for offerors employing veterans.’’. 
SEC. 824. REVISION OF REQUIREMENT TO SUB-MIT INFORMATION ON SERVICES CONTRACTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2022’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2020’’; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘at or about’’ and inserting ‘‘at or before’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or on the date on which the future-years defense program is sub-mitted to Congress under section 221 of this title’’ after ‘‘title 31’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) be included in the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under sec-tion 221 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 825. DATA COLLECTION AND INVENTORY FOR SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘$3,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the simplified acquisition threshold’’; (B) by striking ‘‘in the following service acquisition portfolio groups:’’ and inserting ‘‘in any service acquisition portfolio group.’’; and (C) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4); (2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘staff augmentation con-tracts’’ and inserting ‘‘services contracts’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4415 May 22, 2018 
(3) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraph (6); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively. 
SEC. 826. COMPETITION REQUIREMENTS FOR PURCHASES FROM FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES. 
(a) C OMPETITION REQUIREMENTS FOR PUR-
CHASES FROM FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES .— Subsections (a) and (b) of section 2410n of title 10, United States Code, are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) M
ARKET RESEARCH .—Before pur-chasing a product listed in the latest edition of the Federal Prison Industries catalog pub-lished under section 4124(d) of title 18, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct market research to determine whether such prod-uct— ‘‘(1) is comparable to products available from the private sector; and ‘‘(2) best meets the needs of the Depart-ment of Defense in terms of price, quality, and time of delivery. ‘‘(b) C
OMPETITION REQUIREMENT .—If the Secretary determines that a Federal Prison Industries product is not comparable to products available from the private sector and does not best meet the needs of the De-partment of Defense in terms of price, qual-ity, or time of delivery pursuant to sub-section (a), the Secretary shall use competi-tive procedures or make an individual pur-chase under a multiple award contract for the procurement of the product. In con-ducting such a competition or making such a purchase, the Secretary shall consider a timely offer from Federal Prison Indus-tries.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 827. REQUIREMENT FOR A FAIR AND REA-SONABLE PRICE FOR TECHNICAL DATA BEFORE DEVELOPMENT OR PRODUCTION OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
Section 2439 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, to the maximum extent practicable,’’ after ‘‘shall ensure’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘fair and reasonable’’ after ‘‘negotiates a’’. 
SEC. 828. REVISIONS IN AUTHORITY RELATING TO PROGRAM COST TARGETS AND FIELDING TARGETS FOR MAJOR DE-FENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EVISIONS IN AUTHORITY RELATING TO  P
ROGRAM COST AND FIELDING TARGETS .—Sec- tion 2448a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘the appro-priate Secretary’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b) and adding at the end of that sub-section the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘appropriate Secretary’, with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram, means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the military depart-ment that is managing the program; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a program for which an alternate milestone decision authority is designated under section 2430(d)(2) of this title, the Secretary of Defense.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such title is further amended— (1) in section 2366a(c)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of Defense’’; and (2) in section 2366b— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(D), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘appro-priate Secretary (as defined in such section 2448a)’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of Defense’’. SEC. 829. REVISION OF TIMELINE FOR USE OF THE RAPID FIELDING PATHWAY FOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 804(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘complete fielding within five years’’ and inserting ‘‘complete low-rate ini-tial production (as described under section 2400 of title 10, United States Code) within five years’’. 
SEC. 830. CLARIFICATION OF SERVICES CON-TRACTING DEFINITIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement to clarify the definitions of and relationships between terms related to services contracts, includ-ing the appropriate use of personal services contracts and nonpersonal services con-tracts, and the responsibilities of individuals in the acquisition workforce with respect to such contracts. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 831. REVISION OF DEFINITION OF COMMER-CIAL ITEM FOR PURPOSES OF FED-ERAL ACQUISITION STATUTES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS IN CHAPTER 1 OFTITLE 41, U
NITED STATES CODE.— (1) S
EPARATION OF ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM ’’ DEF-
INITION INTO DEFINITIONS OF ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCT ’’ AND ‘‘COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’.— Chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking section 103 and insert-ing the following new sections: ‘‘§ 103. Commercial product ‘‘In this subtitle, the term ‘commercial product’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) A product, other than real property, that— ‘‘(A) is of a type customarily used by the general public or by nongovernmental enti-ties for purposes other than governmental purposes; and ‘‘(B) has been sold, leased, or licensed, or offered for sale, lease, or license, to the gen-eral public. ‘‘(2) A product that— ‘‘(A) evolved from a product described in paragraph (1) through advances in tech-nology or performance; and ‘‘(B) is not yet available in the commercial marketplace but will be available in the commercial marketplace in time to satisfy the delivery requirements under a Federal Government solicitation. ‘‘(3) A product that would satisfy the cri-teria in paragraph (1) or (2) were it not for— ‘‘(A) modifications of a type customarily available in the commercial marketplace; or ‘‘(B) minor modifications made to meet Federal Government requirements. ‘‘(4) Any combination of products meeting the requirements of paragraph (1), (2), or (3) that are of a type customarily combined and sold in combination to the general public. ‘‘(5) A product, or combination of products, referred to in paragraphs (1) through (4), even though the product, or combination of products, is transferred between or among separate divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a contractor. ‘‘(6) A nondevelopmental item if the pro-curing agency determines, in accordance with conditions in the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that— ‘‘(A) the product was developed exclusively at private expense; and ‘‘(B) has been sold in substantial quan-tities, on a competitive basis, to multiple State and local governments or to multiple foreign governments. ‘‘§ 103a. Commercial service ‘‘In this subtitle, the term ‘commercial service’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) Installation services, maintenance services, repair services, training services, and other services if— ‘‘(A) those services are procured for sup-port of a commercial product, regardless of whether the services are provided by the same source or at the same time as the com-mercial product; and ‘‘(B) the source of the services provides similar services contemporaneously to the general public under terms and conditions similar to those offered to the Federal Gov-ernment; ‘‘(2) Services of a type offered and sold competitively, in substantial quantities, in the commercial marketplace— ‘‘(A) based on established catalog or mar-ket prices; ‘‘(B) for specific tasks performed or spe-cific outcomes to be achieved; and ‘‘(C) under standard commercial terms and conditions. ‘‘(3) A service described in paragraph (1) or (2), even though the service is transferred be-tween or among separate divisions, subsidi-aries, or affiliates of a contractor.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 41  
DEFINITIONS .— (A) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL COMPO -
NENT .—Section 102 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (B) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIALLY AVAIL -
ABLE OFF -THE-SHELF ITEM .—Section 104(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (C) D
EFINITION OF NONDEVELOPMENTAL  
ITEM.—Section 110(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 103 and in-serting the following new items: ‘‘103. Commercial product. ‘‘103a. Commercial service.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER  P
ROVISIONS OF TITLE 41, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Title 41, United States Code, is fur-ther amended as follows: (1) Section 1502(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial product or commercial service’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’. (2) Section 1705(c) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products and commercial services’’. (3) Section 1708 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in subsections (c)(6) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (4) Section 1901 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commer-cial services’’. (5) Section 1903(c) is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEM’’ and inserting ‘‘C OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘as a com-mercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘as a commer-cial product or a commercial service’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4416 May 22, 2018 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for an item or service treated as a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘for a product or service treated as a commercial product or a com-mercial service’’. (6)(A) Section 1906 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears in subsections (b), (c), and (d) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial serv-ices’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1906. List of laws inapplicable to procure-ments of commercial products and commer-cial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1906 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1906. List of laws inapplicable to procure-ments of commercial products and commercial services.’’. (7) Section 3304 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in subsections (a)(5) and (e)(4)(B) and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-uct’’. (8) Section 3305(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial products or commercial services’’. (9) Section 3306(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’. (10)(A) Section 3307 is amended— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (II) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts and commercial services’’; and (III) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a com-mercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or commercial service’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the executive agen-cy’s needs are not available, nondevelop-mental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or com-mercial products or, to the extent that com-mercial products suitable to meet the execu-tive agency’s needs are not available, non-developmental items other than commercial products’’; and (II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items and nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial services, commercial products, and nondevelopmental items other than commer-cial products’’; (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (II) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the exec-utive agency’s needs are not available, non-developmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not avail-able, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (III) in paragraphs (5) and (6), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products and commercial services’’; (iv) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items or, to the extent that commer-cial items suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, non-developmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not avail-able, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (v) in subsection (e)— (I) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘103a, 104,’’ after ‘‘sections 102, 103,’’; (II) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (III) in the first sentence of paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘commercial end items’’ and inserting ‘‘end items that are commer-cial products’’; (IV) in paragraphs (2)(B)(i), (2)(C)(i) and (2)(D), by striking ‘‘commercial items or commercial components’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products, commercial compo-nents, or commercial services’’; (V) in paragraph (2)(C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (VI) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (VII) in paragraph (4)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial item, as described in section 103(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product, as described in section 103a(1)’’; and (VIII) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘prod-ucts’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3307. Preference for commercial products and commercial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 is amended by striking the item relating to section 3307 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘3307. Preference for commercial products and commercial services.’’. (11) Section 3501 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (iii) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and insert-ing ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘
ITEM’’ in the heading for paragraph (1); and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) and inserting ‘‘com-mercial services’’. (12) Section 3503 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commer-cial product or a commercial service’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’. (13) Section 3505(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products or com-mercial services’’. (14) Section 3509(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’. (15) Section 3704(c)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial product’’. (16) Section 3901(b)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial products or commercial services’’. (17) Section 4301(2) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’. (18)(A) Section 4505 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in subsections (a) and (c) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4505. Payments for commercial products and commercial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 45 is amended by striking the item relating to section 4505 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘4505. Payments for commercial products and commercial services.’’. (19) Section 4704(d) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products or com-mercial services’’. (20) Sections 8102(a)(1), 8703(d)(2), and 8704(b) are amended by striking ‘‘commercial items (as defined in section 103 of this title)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or com-mercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of this title)’’. (c) AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 137 OFTITLE 10, U
NITED STATES CODE.—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as fol-lows: (1) Section 2302(3) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (J), (K), and (L) as subparagraphs (K), (L), and (M); and (B) by striking subparagraph (I) and insert-ing the following new subparagraphs (I) and (J): ‘‘(I) The term ‘commercial product’. ‘‘(J) The term ‘commercial service’.’’. (2) Section 2304 is amended— (A) in subsections (c)(5) and (f)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘brand-name commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘brand-name commercial prod-uct’’; (B) in subsection (g)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (3) Section 2305 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(5)(B)(v), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial product’’. (4) Section 2306(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products or commercial services’’. (5) Section 2306a is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘a com-mercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial services’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘item’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘product’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEM ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; (II) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in sub-paragraph (A) after ‘‘applying the’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4417 May 22, 2018 
(III) by striking ‘‘prior commercial item determination’’ in subparagraph (A) and in-serting ‘‘prior commercial product or com-mercial service determination’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘of such item’’ in subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘of such product or service’’; (V) by striking ‘‘of an item previously de-termined to be a commercial item’’ in sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘of a product or service previously determined to be a com-mercial product or a commercial service’’; (VI) by striking ‘‘of a commercial item,’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘of a com-mercial product or a commercial service, as the case may be,’’; (VII) by striking ‘‘the commercial item de-termination’’ in subparagraph (B) and insert-ing ‘‘the commercial product or commercial service determination’’; and (VIII) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in subparagraph (C); and (v) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts or commercial services’’; (B) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts or commercial services’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (3). (6) Section 2307(f) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘com-mercial products and commercial services’’. (7) Section 2320(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a com-mercial item, the item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product, the product’’; and (B) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking ‘‘any noncommercial item or process’’ and insert-ing ‘‘any noncommercial product or proc-ess’’. (8) Section 2321(f) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial products’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the item’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A), in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial product’’. (9) Section 2324(l)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial serv-ices’’. (10) Section 2335(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products and commercial services’’. (d) A
MENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 140 OFTITLE 10, U
NITED STATES CODE.—Chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as fol-lows: (1) Section 2375 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; (B) in subsections (b) and (c)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (2) Section 2376(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘terms ‘commercial item’,’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘commercial product’, ‘commercial service’,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘chapter 1 of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 103, 103a, 110, 105, and 102, respectively, of title 41’’. (3) Section 2377 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial prod-ucts or, to the extent that commercial prod-ucts suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items and nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial services, commercial products, and nondevelopmental items other than commer-cial products’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial services, commercial products, or nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (ii) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agen-cy’s needs are not available, nondevelop-mental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or com-mercial products or, to the extent that com-mercial products suitable to meet the agen-cy’s needs are not available, nondevelop-mental items other than commercial prod-ucts’’; and (iii) in paragraphs (5) and (6), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products and commercial services’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial prod-ucts or, to the extent that commercial prod-ucts suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘products other than commercial products or services other than commercial services’’; (D) in subsection (d)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘items’’ and inserting ‘‘products or services’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘items’’ and inserting ‘‘products or services’’; and (E) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (4) Section 2379 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the headings of subsections (b) and (c) and in-serting ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL PRODUCTS ’’; (B) in subsections (a)(1)(A), (b)(2), and (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘, as defined in section 103 of title 41’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and ‘‘commercial items’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’ and ‘‘commercial products’’, respectively. (5) Section 2380 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item determinations’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘commercial product and commercial service determinations’’; and (B) in subsection (b) (as added by section 848 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018)— (i) by striking ‘‘ITEM’’ in the subsection heading; (ii) by striking ‘‘an item’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘a product or service’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘item’’ after ‘‘using com-mercial’’ each place it appears; (iv) by striking ‘‘prior commercial item de-termination’’ and inserting ‘‘prior commer-cial product or service determination’’; (v) by striking ‘‘such item’’ and inserting ‘‘such product or service’’; and (vi) by striking ‘‘the item’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘the product or serv-ice’’. (6) Section 2380a is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘items and’’ and inserting ‘‘products and’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and com-mercial services, respectively,’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial serv-ices’’. (7) Section 2380B is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial product’’. (8) A
MENDMENTS TO HEADINGS , ETC.— (A) The heading of such chapter is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 140—PROCUREMENT OF COM-MERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES’’. (B) The heading of section 2375 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2375. Relationship of other provisions of law to procurement of commercial prod-ucts and commercial services’’. (C) The heading of section 2377 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2377. Preference for commercial products and commercial services’’. (D) The heading of section 2379 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2379. Procurement of a major weapon sys-tem as a commercial product: requirement for prior determination by Secretary of De-fense and notification to Congress’’. (E) The heading of section 2380 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380. Commercial product and commercial service determinations by Department of Defense’’. (F) The heading of section 2380a is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380a. Treatment of certain products and services as commercial products and com-mercial services’’. (G) Section 2380B is redesignated as section 2380b and the heading of that section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380b. Treatment of commingled items pur-chased by contractors as commercial prod-ucts’’. (H) The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘2375. Relationship of other provisions of law to procurement of commercial products and commercial serv-ices. ‘‘2376. Definitions. ‘‘2377. Preference for commercial products and commercial services. ‘‘2379. Procurement of a major weapon sys-tem as a commercial product: requirement for prior deter-mination by Secretary of De-fense and notification to Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4418 May 22, 2018 
‘‘2380. Commercial product and commercial service determinations by De-partment of Defense. ‘‘2380a. Treatment of certain products and services as commercial prod-ucts and commercial services. ‘‘2380b. Treatment of commingled items pur-chased by contractors as com-mercial products.’’. (e) O
THER AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (1) Section 2226(b) is amended by striking ‘‘for services’’ and all that follows through ‘‘deliverable items’’ and inserting ‘‘for serv-ices or deliverable items’’. (2) Section 2384(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial products’’. (3) Section 2393(d) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts or commercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41)’’. (4) Section 2402(d) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ both places it appears and insert-ing ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the term’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the terms ‘commercial product’ and ‘commercial service’ have the meanings given those terms in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41.’’. (5) Section 2408(a)(4)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial products or commercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41)’’. (6) Section 2410b(c) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products’’. (7) Section 2410g(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commercial items (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’ and inserting ‘‘Commercial products or commercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41)’’. (8) Section 2447a is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘com-mercial items and technologies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘commercial products and tech-nologies’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and the term ‘commercial product’ has the meaning given that term in section 103 of title 41’’. (9) Section 2451(d) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial products (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’. (10) Section 2464 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts or commercial services’’; and (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘The com-mercial items covered by paragraph (3) are commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘The com-mercial products or commercial services cov-ered by paragraph (3) are commercial prod-ucts (as defined in section 103 of title 41) or commercial services (as defined in section 103a of such title)’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’. (11) Section 2484(f) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and in-serting ‘‘commercial product’’. (12) The items relating to chapter 140 in the tables of chapters at the beginning of subtitle A, and at the beginning of part IV of subtitle A, are amended to read as follows: ‘‘140. Procurement of Commercial Products and Commercial Serv-ices............................................... 2377’’. (f) A
MENDMENTS TO PROVISIONS OF NA-
TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACTS.— (1) Section 806(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (Public Law 102–190; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41, United States Code)’’. (2) Section 821(e) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (3) Section 821(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a com-mercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-uct’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘commercial service’ has the meaning provided by section 103a of title 41, United States Code.’’. (4) Section 817(d) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item exceptions’’ and inserting ‘‘com-mercial product-commercial service excep-tions’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item exception’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial product-commercial service exception’’; (5) Section 852(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2324 note) is amended by striking ‘‘a commercial item, as defined in section 103 of title 41’’ and in-serting ‘‘a commercial product or a commer-cial service, as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41’’. (6) Section 805 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) and inserting ‘‘commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking ‘‘
ITEM’’ in the headings for paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘
SERV -
ICES’’; (ii) in the matter in paragraph (1) pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘com-mercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial service’’; (iii) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘a commercial item, as described in section 103(5) of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘a service, as described in section 103a(1) of title 41’’; (iv) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 103(6) of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103a(2) of title 41’’; and (v) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘item’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’. (7) Section 849(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2377 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; (B) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in para-graph (3)(B)(i) and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘commercial product’ has the meaning given that term in section 103 of title 41.’’. (8) Section 856(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2377 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘commercial items or serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service, as defined in sec-tions 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41,’’. (9) Section 879 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ COMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts’’; (C) in subsection (c)(3)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commer-cial services’’; and (D) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘item’’ in subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting ‘‘products’’. (10) Section 880 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 41 U.S.C. 3301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in sub-section (a)(1) and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER  S
TATUTES .— (1) Section 604(g) of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (6 U.S.C. 453b(g)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘procurement of commer-cial’’ in the first sentence and all that fol-lows through ‘‘items listed’’ and inserting ‘‘procurement of commercial products not-withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, with the exception of commer-cial products listed’’; and (C) in the second sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘product’’ after ‘‘commer-cial’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘in section 103 of title 41, United States Code.’’. (2) Section 142 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1018a) is amended— (A) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘that commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘that commercial products or commercial services’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘special rules for commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘special rules for commercial products and commercial serv-ices’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘without regard to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘dollar limitation’’ and inserting ‘‘without regard to any dollar limitation’’; (v) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4419 May 22, 2018 
(vi) by striking paragraph (2); (B) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking ‘‘I
TEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘P
RODUCTS AND SERV-
ICES’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘I
TEMS ’’ in the heading of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘P
RODUCTS AND  
SERVICES ’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (C) in subsection (h)— (i) by striking ‘‘I
TEMS ’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘S
ERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘commercial services’’; and (D) in subsection (l)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), re-spectively; (ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL PRODUCT .—The term ‘commercial product’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(2) C
OMMERCIAL SERVICE .—The term ‘com-mercial service’ has the meaning given the term in section 103a of title 41, United States Code.’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘in section’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in section 152 of title 41, United States Code.’’; (iv) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (II) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and com-mercial services’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘pursuant to sections 1901 and 3305(a) of title 41, United States Code.’’; and (v) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘pursuant to sections 1901(a)(1) and 3305(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code.’’. (3) Section 3901(a)(4)(A)(ii)(II) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial product’’. (4) Section 2455(c)(1) of the Federal Acqui-sition Streamlining Act of 1994 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts’’. (5) Section 508(f) of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1368(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts or commercial services’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the term’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the terms ‘commercial product’ and ‘commercial service’ have the meanings given those terms in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41, United States Code.’’. (6) Section 3707 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a commercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product (as de-fined in section 103 of title 41) or a commer-cial service (as defined in section 103a of title 41)’’. (7) Subtitle III of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 11101(1), by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MERCIAL ITEM .—The term ‘commercial item’ has’’ and inserting ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL PRODUCT .— The term ‘commercial product’ has’’; and (B) in section 11314(a)(3), by striking ‘‘items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘products’’. (8) Section 8301(g) of the Federal Acquisi-tion Streamlining Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 7606 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (9) Section 40118(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commer-cial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-ucts’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commer-cial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial prod-uct’’. (10) Chapter 501 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 50113(c)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; and (B) in section 50115(b)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; and (C) in section 50132(a)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘C
OMMER -
CIAL SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial service’’. (h) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Any provision of law that on the day before the effective date of this section is on a list of provisions of law included in the Federal Acquisition Reg-ulation pursuant to section 1907 of title 41, United States Code, shall be deemed as of that effective date to be on a list of provi-sions of law included in the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation pursuant to section 1906 of such title. 
SEC. 832. DEFINITION OF SUBCONTRACT. 
(a) S TANDARD DEFINITION IN TITLE 41, U
NITED STATES CODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating sections 115 and 116 as sections 116 and 117, respectively; and (B) by inserting after section 114 the fol-lowing new section 115: ‘‘§ 115. Subcontract ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In this subtitle, the term ‘subcontract’ means a contract entered into by a prime contractor or subcontractor for the purpose of obtaining supplies, mate-rials, equipment, or services of any kind under a prime contract. The term includes a transfer of a commercial product or commer-cial service between divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(b) M
ATTERS NOTINCLUDED .—In this sub-title, the term ‘subcontract’ does not in-clude— ‘‘(1) a contract the costs of which are ap-plied to general and administrative expenses or indirect costs; or ‘‘(2) an agreement entered into by a con-tractor or subcontractor for the supply of a commodity, a commercial product, or a com-mercial service that is intended for use in the performance of multiple contracts.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the items relating to sections 115 and 116 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘115. Subcontract. ‘‘116. Supplies. ‘‘117. Technical data.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 41, U
NITED STATES CODE.—Title 41, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (1) Section 1502(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and (C) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Subparagraph (B)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Subparagraph (A)’’. (2) Section 1906 is amended— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively; (iii) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (iv) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘(c)(3)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘(c)(2)’’. (3) Section 3307(e)(2) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively; (C) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (4) Section 3501(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (c) INCORPORATION OF TITLE 41 D EFINITION  
INCHAPTERS 137 AND140 OFTITLE 10, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.— (1) D
EFINITIONS FOR PURPOSES OF CHAPTER  
137.—Section 2302(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(N) The term ‘subcontract’.’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS FOR PURPOSES OF CHAPTER  
140.— (A) Section 2375(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (3); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (B) Section 2376(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘and ‘commercial component’ have’’ and inserting ‘‘‘commercial compo-nent’, and ‘subcontract’ have’’. 
SEC. 833. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY TO DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMMER-CIAL CONTRACTS OF CERTAIN PRO-VISIONS OF LAW AND CERTAIN EX-ECUTIVE ORDERS AND REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) I NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFLAW.— (1) S
ECTION 2375 .—Section 2375 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 13, 1994’’; and (B) in subsections (b)(2), (c)(2), and (d)(2), by striking ‘‘unless the’’ and all that follows and inserting a period. (2) S
ECTION 2533A .—Section 2533a(i) of such title is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
TEMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P RODUCTS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (3) S
ECTION 2533B .—Section 2533b(h) of such title is amended— (A) the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
TEMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P RODUCTS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN EXECUTIVE  O
RDERS AND REGULATIONS .—Chapter 140 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4420 May 22, 2018 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2375 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2375a. Applicability of certain Executive orders and regulations ‘‘(a) E
XECUTIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL CONTRACTS .—No Depart-ment of Defense commercial contract shall be subject to an Executive order issued after the date of the enactment of this section un-less the Executive order specifically provides that it is applicable to contracts for the pro-curement of commercial products and com-mercial services by the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(2) S
UBCONTRACTS UNDER COMMERCIAL CON -
TRACTS .—No subcontract under a Depart-ment of Defense commercial contract shall be subject to an Executive order issued after the date of the enactment of this section un-less the Executive order specifically provides that it is applicable to subcontracts under Department of Defense contracts for the pro-curement of commercial products and com-mercial services. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS AND POLICIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL CONTRACTS .—No Depart-ment of Defense commercial contract shall be subject to any Department of Defense reg-ulation or policy prescribed after the date of the enactment of this section unless the reg-ulation or policy specifically provides that it is applicable to contracts for the procure-ment of commercial products and commer-cial services by the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) S
UBCONTRACTS UNDER COMMERCIAL CON -
TRACTS .—No subcontract under a Depart-ment of Defense commercial contract shall be subject to any Department of Defense reg-ulation or order prescribed after the date of the enactment of this section unless the reg-ulation or policy specifically provides that it is applicable to subcontracts under Depart-ment of Defense contracts for the procure-ment of commercial products and commer-cial services. ‘‘(c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMMERCIAL  C
ONTRACTS .—In this section, the term ‘De-partment of Defense commercial contract’ means a contract for the procurement of a commercial product or commercial service entered into by the Secretary of Defense.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2375 the following new item: ‘‘2375a. Applicability of certain Executive or-ders and regulations.’’. 
SEC. 834. MODIFICATIONS TO PROCUREMENT THROUGH COMMERCIAL E-COM-MERCE PORTALS. 
Section 846 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 41 U.S.C. 1901 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A procurement of a product made through a commercial e-commerce portal under the program established pursuant to subsection (a) is deemed to satisfy require-ments for full and open competition pursu-ant to section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, and section 3301 of title 41, United States Code, if— ‘‘(A) there are offers from two or more sup-pliers of such a product or similar product with substantially the same physical, func-tional, or performance characteristics on the online marketplace; and ‘‘(B) the Administrator establishes proce-dures to implement subparagraph (A) and no-tifies Congress at least 30 days before imple-menting such procedures.’’. (2) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(j) MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—Not- withstanding section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, the micro-purchase threshold for a procurement of a product through a commercial e-commerce portal used under the program established under subsection (a) is $25,000.’’. Subtitle D—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 841. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN SHIP COMPONENTS BE MANUFACTURED IN THE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT LIMITA -
TION.—Section 2534(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C
OMPONENTS FOR AUXILIARY SHIPS .— Subject to subsection (k), the following com-ponents: ‘‘(A) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. ‘‘(B) Propulsion system components, in-cluding engines, reduction gears, and propel-lers. ‘‘(C) Shipboard cranes. ‘‘(D) Spreaders for shipboard cranes.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Such section is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(k) I
MPLEMENTATION OF AUXILIARY SHIP C
OMPONENT LIMITATION .—Subsection (a)(6) applies only with respect to contracts award-ed by the Secretary of a military department for new construction of an auxiliary ship after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund programs or Ship-building and Conversion, Navy. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘auxiliary ship’ does not include an icebreaker.’’. 
SEC. 842. REPORT ON DOMESTIC SOURCING OF SPECIFIC COMPONENTS FOR ALL NAVAL VESSELS. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that pro-vides a market survey and cost assessment associated with limiting competition to do-mestic sources for— (1) naval vessel components listed in sec-tion 2534(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code; (2) expanding such list to include all ships authorized using funds available for Ship-building and Conversion, Navy and Other Procurement, Navy; and (3) expanding such list to include waterjet marine propulsion systems, azimuth thrust-ers, and bow thrusters for all ships author-ized using funds available for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy and Other Procure-ment, Navy. 
SEC. 843. REMOVAL OF NATIONAL INTEREST DE-TERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective October 1, 2020, a covered NTIB entity operating under a spe-cial security agreement pursuant to the Na-tional Industrial Security Program shall not be required to obtain a national interest de-termination as a condition for access to pro-scribed information. (b) A
CCELERATION AUTHORIZED .—Notwith- standing the effective date of this section, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Information Secu-rity Oversight Office, may waive the require-ment to obtain a national interest deter-mination for a covered NTIB entity oper-ating under such a special security agree-ment that has— (1) a demonstrated successful record of compliance with the National Industrial Se-curity Program; and (2) previously been approved for access to proscribed information. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED NTIB ENTITY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered NTIB entity’’ means a person that is a subsidiary located in the United States— (A) for which the ultimate parent company and any intermediate parent companies of such subsidiary are located in a country that is part of the national technology and indus-trial base (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code); and (B) that is subject to the foreign owner-ship, control, or influence requirements of the National Industrial Security Program. (2) P
ROSCRIBED INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘proscribed information’’ means information that is— (A) classified at the level of top secret; (B) communications security information (excluding controlled cryptographic items when un-keyed or utilized with unclassified keys); (C) restricted data (as defined in section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)); (D) special access program information under section 4.3 of Executive Order No. 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or suc-cessor order; or (E) designated as sensitive compartmented information. 
SEC. 844. PILOT PROGRAM TO TEST MACHINE-VI-SION TECHNOLOGIES TO DETER-MINE THE AUTHENTICITY AND SE-CURITY OF MICROELECTRONIC PARTS IN WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Un- dersecretary of Defense for Research and En-gineering, in coordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity, shall establish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reli-ability of using machine-vision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. (b) O
BJECTIVES OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the De-fense Microelectronics Activity, shall design any pilot program conducted under this sec-tion to determine the following: (1) The effectiveness and technology readi-ness level of machine-vision technologies to determine the authenticity of microelec-tronic parts at the time of the creation of such part through final insertion of such part into weapon systems. (2) The best method of incorporating ma-chine-vision technologies into the process of developing, transporting, and inserting microelectronics into weapon systems. (3) The rules, regulations, or processes that hinder the development and incorporation of machine-vision technologies, and the appli-cation of such rules, regulations, or proc-esses to mitigate counterfeit microelec-tronics proliferation throughout the Depart-ment of Defense. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—To develop the pilot program under this section, the Undersecre-tary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, in coordination with the Defense Micro-electronics Activity, may consult with the following entities: (1) Manufacturers of semiconductors or electronics. (2) Industry associations relating to semi-conductors or electronics. (3) Original equipment manufacturers of products for the Department of Defense. (4) Nontraditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code) that are machine vision compa-nies. (5) Federal laboratories (as defined in sec-tion 2500(5) of title 10, United States Code). (6) Other elements of the Department of Defense that fall under the authority of the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4421 May 22, 2018 
(d) C OMMENCEMENT AND DURATION .—The pilot program established under this section shall be established not later than April 1, 2019, and all activities under such pilot pro-gram shall terminate not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020. Subtitle E—Small Business Matters 
SEC. 851. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SMALL BUSINESS STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2283. Department of Defense small busi-ness strategy ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall implement a small business strat-egy for the Department of Defense that meets the requirements of this section. ‘‘(b) U
NIFIED MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE .—As part of the small business strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is a unified management struc-ture within the Department for the functions of the Department relating to— ‘‘(1) programs and activities related to small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act); ‘‘(2) manufacturing and industrial base pol-icy; and ‘‘(3) any procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of this title. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE OF SMALL BUSINESS PRO-
GRAMS .—The Secretary shall ensure that programs and activities of the Department of Defense related to small business concerns are carried out so as to further national de-fense programs and priorities and the state-ments of purpose for Department of Defense acquisition set forth in section 801 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1449). ‘‘(d) P
OINTS OF ENTRY INTODEFENSE MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall ensure— ‘‘(1) that opportunities for small business concerns to contract with the Department of Defense are identified clearly; and ‘‘(2) that small business concerns are able to have access to program managers, con-tracting officers, and other persons using the products or services of such concern to the extent necessary to inform such persons of emerging and existing capabilities of such concerns. ‘‘(e) E
NHANCED OUTREACH UNDER PROCURE -
MENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall enable and pro-mote activities to provide coordinated out-reach to small business concerns through any procurement technical assistance pro-gram established under chapter 142 of this title to facilitate small business contracting with the Department of Defense.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop the small business strategy re-quired by section 2283 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS AND PUBLICATION .— Upon completion of the development of the small business strategy pursuant to para-graph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) transmit the strategy to Congress; and (B) publish the strategy on a public website of the Department of Defense. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2283. Department of Defense small business strategy.’’. 
SEC. 852. PROMPT PAYMENTS OF SMALL BUSI-NESS CONTRACTORS. 
Section 2307(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by striking ‘‘The head of any agency may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The head of any agency may’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) For a prime contractor (as defined in section 8701 of title 41) that is a small business concern (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), the head of an agency shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, establish an accelerated payment date with a goal of 15 days after re-ceipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if a specific payment date is not established by contract. ‘‘(B) For a prime contractor that sub-contracts with a small business concern, the head of an agency shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, establish an accelerated payment date with a goal of 15 days after re-ceipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if— ‘‘(i) a specific payment date is not estab-lished by contract; and ‘‘(ii) the prime contractor agrees to make payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accelerated payment date, to the maximum extent practicable, without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor.’’. SEC. 853. INCREASED PARTICIPATION IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MICROLOAN PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘intermediary’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 7(m)(11) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(11)); and (2) the term ‘‘microloan program’’ means the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)). (b) M
ICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING  L
IMIT INCREASED .—Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$6,000,000’’. (c) M
ICROLOAN TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘25 percent’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (d) SBA S
TUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PAR-
TICIPATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on— (1) the operations (including services pro-vided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— (A) intermediaries that are eligible to par-ticipate in the microloan program and that do participate; and (B) intermediaries that are eligible to par-ticipate in the microloan program and that do not participate; (2) the reasons why eligible intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to participate in the microloan program; (3) recommendations on how to encourage increased participation in the microloan pro-gram by eligible intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B); and (4) recommendations on how to decrease the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible inter-mediaries. (e) GAO S
TUDY ON MICROLOAN INTER -
MEDIARY PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report evalu-ating— (1) oversight of the microloan program by the Small Business Administration, includ-ing oversight of intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (2) the specific processes used by the Small Business Administration to ensure— (A) compliance by intermediaries partici-pating in the microloan program; and (B) the overall performance of the microloan program. SEC. 854. AMENDMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS IN-NOVATION RESEARCH PROGRAM AND SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
(a) U SE OF SBIR ORSTTR F UNDING FOR AD-
MINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall not’’ and all that follows through ‘‘make available’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not make available’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—A Federal agency may use up to 3 percent of its SBIR budget established pursuant to paragraph (1) for the purpose of funding administrative costs of the program.’’; and (2) in subsection (n)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall not’’ and all that follows through ‘‘make available’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not make available’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—A Federal agency may use up to 3 percent of its SBIR budget established pursuant to paragraph (1) for the purpose of funding administrative costs of the program.’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF PHASE FLEXIBILITY .—Sec- tion 9(cc) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 638(cc)) is amended by striking ‘‘During fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may each pro-vide’’ and inserting ‘‘During fiscal years 2018 through 2022, all agencies participating in the SBIR program may provide’’. 
SEC. 855. CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT ADMINIS-TRATION. 
Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(w) S
OLICITATION NOTICE REGARDING AD-
MINISTRATION OF CHANGE ORDERS FOR CON-
STRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any so-licitation for the award of a contract for con-struction anticipated to be awarded to a small business concern, the agency admin-istering such contract shall provide a notice along with the solicitation to prospective bidders and offerors that includes— ‘‘(A) information about the agency’s poli-cies or practices in complying with the re-quirements of the Federal Acquisition Regu-lation relating to the timely definitization of requests for an equitable adjustment; and ‘‘(B) information about the agency’s past performance in definitizing requests for equi-table adjustments in accordance with para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR AGENCIES .—An agency shall provide the past performance information described under paragraph (1)(B) as follows: ‘‘(A) For the 3-year period preceding the issuance of the notice, to the extent such in-formation is available. ‘‘(B) With respect to an agency that, on the date of the enactment of this subsection, has not compiled the information described under paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(i) beginning 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, for the 1-year period preceding the issuance of the notice; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4422 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(ii) beginning 2 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, for the 2-year period preceding the issuance of the notice; and ‘‘(iii) beginning 3 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection and each year thereafter, for the 3-year period pre-ceding the issuance of the notice. ‘‘(3) F
ORMAT OF PAST PERFORMANCE INFOR -
MATION .—In the notice required under para-graph (1), the agency shall ensure that the past performance information described under paragraph (1)(B) is set forth separately for each definitization action that was com-pleted during the following periods: ‘‘(A) Not more than 30 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(B) Not more than 60 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(C) Not more than 90 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(D) Not more than 180 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(E) More than 365 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(F) After the completion of the perform-ance of the contract through a contract modification addressing all undefinitized re-quests for an equitable adjustment received during the term of the contract.’’. 
SEC. 856. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 47 as section 48; and (2) by inserting after section 46 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 47. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘OII Associate Administrator’ means the Associate Administrator for the Office of Investment and Innovation; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘broadband and emerging in-formation technology coordinator’ means the employee designated to carry out the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordination responsibilities of the Administration under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) A
SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .—The OII Associate Administrator shall designate a senior employee of the Office of Investment and Innovation to serve as the broadband and emerging information technology coor-dinator, who— ‘‘(A) shall report to the OII Associate Ad-ministrator; ‘‘(B) shall work in coordination with— ‘‘(i) the chief information officer, the chief technology officer, and the head of the Office of Technology of the Administration; and ‘‘(ii) any other Associate Administrator of the Administration determined appropriate by the OII Associate Administrator; ‘‘(C) has experience developing and imple-menting telecommunications policy in the private sector or government; and ‘‘(D) has demonstrated significant experi-ence in the area of broadband or emerging information technology. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COORDINATOR .— The broadband and emerging information technology coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate programs of the Adminis-tration that assist small business concerns in adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging infor-mation technologies; ‘‘(B) serve as the primary liaison of the Ad-ministration to other Federal agencies in-volved in broadband and emerging informa-tion technology policy, including the Depart-ment of Commerce, the Department of Agri-culture, and the Federal Communications Commission; ‘‘(C) identify best practices relating to broadband and emerging information tech-nology that may benefit small business con-cerns; and ‘‘(D) identify and catalog tools and train-ing available through the resource partners of the Administration that assist small busi-ness concerns in adopting, making innova-tions in, and using broadband and emerging technologies. ‘‘(3) TRAVEL .—Not more than 20 percent of the hours of service by the broadband and emerging information technology coordi-nator during any fiscal year shall consist of travel outside the United States to perform official duties. ‘‘(c) B
ROADBAND AND EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGY TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The OII Associate Admin-istrator shall provide to employees of the Administration training that— ‘‘(A) familiarizes employees of the Admin-istration with broadband and other emerging information technologies; ‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) instruction on counseling small busi-ness concerns regarding adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging information technologies; and ‘‘(ii) information on programs of the Fed-eral Government that provide assistance to small business concerns relating to broadband and emerging information tech-nologies; and ‘‘(C) to maximum extent practicable, uses the tools and training cataloged and identi-fied under subsection (b)(2)(D). ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Administrator shall use funds made available to the Office of In-vestment and Innovation to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the OII Associate Administrator makes the first designation of an employee under sub-section (b), and every 2 years thereafter, the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordinator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding the programs and activities of the Administration relating to broadband and other emerging information technologies. ‘‘(2) I
MPACT OF BROADBAND SPEED AND PRICE  
ON SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to appropria-tions, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall conduct a study evaluating the impact of broadband speed and price on small business concerns. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Small Business Broadband and Emerging Information Tech-nology Enhancement Act of 2017, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the re-sults of the study under subparagraph (A), including— ‘‘(i) a survey of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) a survey of the cost of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) a survey of the type of broadband technology used by small business concerns; and ‘‘(iv) any policy recommendations that may improve the access of small business concerns to comparable broadband services at comparable rates in all regions of the United States.’’. (b) ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT .—Sec- tion 21(c)(3)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘accessing broadband and other emerging information technology,’’ after ‘‘technology transfer,’’; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) increasing the competitiveness and productivity of small business concerns by assisting owners of such concerns in access-ing broadband and other emerging informa-tion technology;’’. 
SEC. 857. AMENDMENTS TO THE SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT ACT OF 1958. 
(a) I NVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Section 302(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and sur-plus’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and sur-plus’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE TO MAXIMUM LEVERAGE  L
IMIT.—Section 303(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 683(b)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘$150,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$175,000,000’’. 
SEC. 858. CONSOLIDATED BUDGET JUSTIFICA-TION FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE SMALL BUSINESS INNOVA-TION RESEARCH PROGRAM AND SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
(a) S UBMISSION WITHANNUAL BUDGET JUS-
TIFICATION DOCUMENTS .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall include in the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in sup-port of the budget of the President for each fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) a budget justification for all activities con-ducted under a Small Business Innovation Research Program or Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program (as such terms are defined, respectively, in section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e))) of the Department of Defense during the previous fiscal year. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR BUDGET DISPLAY .— The budget justification under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the amount obligated or expended, by appropriation and functional area, for each activity conducted under a Small Business Innovation Research Program or Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer Program, with supporting narrative descriptions and ration-ale for the funding levels; and (2) a summary and estimate of funding re-quired during the period covered by the cur-rent future-years defense program (as de-fined under section 221 of title 10, United States Code). (c) T
ERMINATION .—The requirements of this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4423 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 859. FUNDING FOR PROCUREMENT TECH-NICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) A MOUNT OF ASSISTANCE FROM SEC-
RETARY .—Section 2413(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘not more than 65 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 75 percent’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘more than 65 percent, but not more than 75 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 75 percent, but not more than 85 percent’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Sec- tion 2414(a) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$450,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$300,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$450,000’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. 
SEC. 860. EXEMPTION OF CERTAIN CONTRACTS FROM THE PERIODIC INFLATION AD-JUSTMENTS TO THE ACQUISITION- RELATED DOLLAR THRESHOLD. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 1908(b)(2) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘3131 to 3134,’’ after ‘‘sections’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 871. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR NE-GOTIATIONS FOR NONCOMMERCIAL COMPUTER SOFTWARE. 
Section 2322a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) R
IGHTS TO NONCOMMERCIAL COMPUTER  S
OFTWARE .—As part of any negotiation for the acquisition of noncommercial computer software, the Secretary of Defense may not require a contractor to sell or otherwise re-linquish to the Federal Government any rights to noncommercial computer software developed exclusively at private expense, ex-cept for rights related to— ‘‘(1) corrections or changes to such soft-ware or documentation related to such soft-ware furnished to the contractor by the De-partment of Defense; ‘‘(2) such software or documentation re-lated to such software that is otherwise pub-licly available or that has been released or disclosed by the contractor or subcontractor without restrictions on further use, release, or disclosure, other than a release or disclo-sure resulting from the sale, transfer, or other assignment of interest in such soft-ware or documentation to another party. ‘‘(3) such software or documentation re-lated to such software obtained with unlim-ited rights under another contract with the Federal Government or as a result of such a negotiation; or ‘‘(4) such software or documentation re-lated to such software furnished to the De-partment of Defense under a contract or sub-contract that includes— ‘‘(A) restricted rights in such software, limited rights in technical data, or govern-ment purpose rights, where such restricted rights, limited rights, or government pur-pose rights have expired; or ‘‘(B) government purpose rights, where the contractor’s exclusive right to use such soft-ware or documentation for commercial pur-poses has expired. ‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF SPECIALLY NEGO-
TIATED LICENSES .—The Secretary of Defense shall, to the maximum extent practicable, negotiate and enter into a contract with a contractor for a specially negotiated license for noncommercial computer software or documentation related to such software nec-essary to support the product support strat-egy of a major weapon system or subsystem of a major weapon system.’’. SEC. 872. REMOVAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR RISK AND SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS OF BASELINE ESTIMATES IN SELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
Section 2432(c)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, along with the associated risk and sensitivity anal-ysis of that estimate’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 873. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF SEN-SITIVE MATERIALS FROM NON-AL-LIED FOREIGN NATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2533b the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2533c. Prohibition on acquisition of sen-sitive materials from non-allied foreign na-tions ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may not— ‘‘(1) procure any end item containing a covered material from any covered nation, except as provided by subsection (c); or ‘‘(2) sell any covered material from the Na-tional Defense Stockpile, if the National De-fense Stockpile Manager determines that such a sale is not in the national interests of the United States, to— ‘‘(A) any covered nation; or ‘‘(B) any third party that the Secretary reasonably believes is acting as a broker or agent for a covered nation or an entity in a covered nation. ‘‘(b) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (a) shall apply to prime contracts and subcontracts at any tier. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply under the following circumstances: ‘‘(1) If the Secretary of Defense determines that covered materials of satisfactory qual-ity and quantity, in the required form, can-not be procured as and when needed. ‘‘(2) To the procurement of an end item de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) or the sale of any covered material described under subsection (a)(1) by the Secretary outside of the United States for use outside of the United States. ‘‘(3) To the purchase by the Secretary of an end item containing a covered material that is— ‘‘(A) a commercially available off-the-shelf item (as defined in section 104 of title 41); or ‘‘(B) an electronic device, unless the Sec-retary of Defense, upon the recommendation of the Strategic Materials Protection Board pursuant to section 187 of this title, deter-mines that the domestic availability of a particular electronic device is critical to na-tional security. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED MATERIAL .—The term ‘cov-ered material’ means— ‘‘(A) samarium-cobalt magnets; ‘‘(B) neodymium-iron-boron magnets; ‘‘(C) tungsten penetrators; and ‘‘(D) tungsten or tungsten alloy spheres and cubes. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED NATION .—The term ‘covered nation’ means— ‘‘(A) the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea; ‘‘(B) the People’s Republic of China; ‘‘(C) the Russian Federation; and ‘‘(D) the Islamic Republic of Iran. ‘‘(3) E
ND ITEM .—The term ‘end item’ has the meaning given in section 2533b(m) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2533b the following item: ‘‘2533c. Prohibition on acquisition of sen-sitive materials from non-allied foreign nations.’’. SEC. 874. TRANSFER OR POSSESSION OF DE-FENSE ITEMS FOR NATIONAL DE-FENSE PURPOSES. 
(a) T RANSFER AND POSSESSION EXCEP -
TIONS .—Section 922(o)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or by’’ and inserting ‘‘, by, or under the author-ity of’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A); (3) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) a transfer to, or possession by, a li-censed manufacturer or licensed importer (if, with respect to a transfer, such transfer has been approved by the Attorney General in accordance with law) for purposes of— ‘‘(i) joint production of a weapon, or inte-gration or incorporation into another article or device; ‘‘(ii) calibration, testing, or research and development; ‘‘(iii) permanent or temporary export, or temporary import, otherwise in accordance with law; or ‘‘(iv) training of Federal, State, local, or foreign government personnel; ‘‘(D) a transfer to, or possession by, a li-censee for the purpose of repair and return of the same to a lawful possessor; or ‘‘(E) notwithstanding subsection (g)(5)(B), possession by foreign government personnel for official training purposes under the di-rect and continuous supervision of an au-thorized Federal, State, or local government official, or a licensee as described in subpara-graph (C), provided that, upon completion of the training, such foreign government per-sonnel shall relinquish possession of the same to such official or licensee.’’. (b) I
MPORTATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 925(d) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (5),’’ before ‘‘is of’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) is being imported or brought in by a li-censed manufacturer or licensed importer in conformity with, and solely for a purpose de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (C), (D), or (E) of section 922(o)(2).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 875. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR SHORTAGE CATEGORY POSITIONS IN THE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
Section 1703(j) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753 of title 5’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304 of title 5’’; (B) by striking ‘‘authorities in those sec-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘authority in such sec-tion’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘certain Federal acquisi-tion positions (as described in subsection (g)(1)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal acqui-sition provisions described in paragraph (2)’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) P
OSITIONS DESCRIBED .—The Federal ac-quisition positions described in this para-graph are the following: ‘‘(A) Any position listed in (g)(1)(A). ‘‘(B) All positions in the General Schedule Realty series (GS–1170).’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4424 May 22, 2018 
(4) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
SEC. 876. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON PRO-VIDING FUNDS TO THE ENEMY. 
Section 841(n) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 Stat. 3455; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 877. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DETERMINATIONS REQUIRED FOR GRANTS OF EXCEP-TIONS TO COST OR PRICING DATA CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS AND WAIVERS OF COST ACCOUNT-ING STANDARDS. 
Section 817(b) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
SEC. 878. REPORTING ON PROJECTS PERFORMED THROUGH TRANSACTIONS OTHER THAN CONTRACTS, COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS, AND GRANTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2018, and each December 31 there-after through December 31, 2021, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report cov-ering the preceding fiscal year on projects described in subsection (b). (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) for each project performed through a transaction (other than contracts, coopera-tive agreements, and grants) entered into pursuant to section 2371 or 2371b of title 10, United States Code, for which payments made by the Department of Defense exceeded $5,000,000 for such transaction— (A) an identification of the element of the Department of Defense and the person or en-tity outside of the Department of Defense entering into such transaction; (B) the date of entry into such transaction; (C) the amount of the payments made by the Department of Defense for such trans-action; (D) the goals and status of each project carried out under such transaction; and (E) the start date and anticipated end date of each project carried out under such trans-action; and (2) a description of the mechanisms, in-cluding any policies, guidance, and reporting requirements, established by the Secretary of Defense to regulate the use of authority relating to a transaction (other than con-tracts, cooperative agreements, and grants) entered into pursuant to section 2371 or 2371b of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 879. STANDARDIZATION OF FORMATTING AND PUBLIC ACCESSIBILITY OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on a plan to standardize the formatting and public accessibility of unclassified De-partment of Defense reports required by Con-gress. Such briefing shall include a descrip-tion of the method— (1) for ensuring that reports are created in a platform-independent, machine-readable format that can be retrieved, downloaded, in-dexed, and searched by commonly used web search applications; and (2) for providing a publically accessible on-line repository of unclassified reports of the Department of Defense issued since January 1, 2010, including protocols for inclusion of unclassified reports that, as determined by the Secretary, may not be appropriate for public release in their entirety. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—Such plan shall be implemented not later than March 1, 2020. 
SEC. 880. DEFENDING UNITED STATES GOVERN-MENT COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In its 2011 ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Military and Security Developments In-volving the People’s Republic of China’’, the Department of Defense stated that, ‘‘China’s defense industry has benefitted from integra-tion with a rapidly expanding civilian econ-omy and science and technology sector, par-ticularly elements that have access to for-eign technology. Progress within individual defense sectors appears linked to the relative integration of each, through China’s civilian economy, into the global production and R&D chain . . . Information technology com-panies in particular, including Huawei, Datang, and Zhongxing, maintain close ties to the PLA.’’. (2) In a 2011 report titled ‘‘The National Se-curity Implications of Investments and Prod-ucts from the People’s Republic of China in the Telecommunications Sector’’, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[n]ational security concerns have accom-panied the dramatic growth of China’s telecom sector. . . . Additionally, large Chi-nese companies—particularly those ‘national champions’ prominent in China’s ‘going out’ strategy of overseas expansion—are directly subject to direction by the Chinese Com-munist Party, to include support for PRC state policies and goals.’’. (3) The Commission further stated in its report that ‘‘[f]rom this point of view, the clear economic benefits of foreign invest-ment in the U.S. must be weighed against the potential security concerns related to in-frastructure components coming under the control of foreign entities. This seems par-ticularly applicable in the telecommuni-cations industry, as Chinese companies con-tinue systematically to acquire significant holdings in prominent global and U.S. tele-communications and information technology companies.’’. (4) In its 2011 Annual Report to Congress, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[t]he extent of the state’s control of the Chinese economy is difficult to quantify . . . There is also a category of companies that, though claiming to be private, are sub-ject to state influence. Such companies are often in new markets with no established SOE leaders and enjoy favorable government policies that support their development while posing obstacles to foreign competi-tion. Examples include Chinese telecoms giant Huawei and such automotive compa-nies as battery maker BYD and vehicle man-ufacturers Geely and Chery.’’. (5) General Michael Hayden, who served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and Director of the National Security Agen-cy, stated in July 2013 that Huawei had ‘‘shared with the Chinese state intimate and extensive knowledge of foreign telecommuni-cations systems it is involved with.’’. (6) The Federal Bureau of Investigation, in a February 2015 Counterintelligence Strat-egy Partnership Intelligence Note stated that, ‘‘[w]ith the expanded use of Huawei Technologies Inc. equipment and services in U.S. telecommunications service provider networks, the Chinese Government’s poten-tial access to U.S. business communications is dramatically increasing. Chinese Govern-ment-supported telecommunications equip-ment on U.S. networks may be exploited through Chinese cyber activity, with China’s intelligence services operating as an ad-vanced persistent threat to U.S. networks.’’. (7) The Federal Bureau of Investigation further stated in its February 2015 counter-intelligence note that, ‘‘China makes no se-cret that its cyber warfare strategy is predi-cated on controlling global communications network infrastructure.’’. (8) At a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on September 30, 2015, Deputy Sec-retary of Defense Robert Work, responding to a question about the use of Huawei tele-communications equipment, stated, ‘‘In the Office of the Secretary of Defense, absolutely not. And I know of no other—I don’t believe we operate in the Pentagon, any [Huawei] systems in the Pentagon.’’. (9) At such hearing, the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mike Rogers, responding to a question about why such Huawei telecommunications equip-ment is not used, stated, ‘‘as we look at sup-ply chain and we look at potential vulnerabilities within the system, that it is a risk we felt was unacceptable.’’. (10) In March 2017, ZTE Corporation pled guilty to conspiring to violate the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act by illegally shipping United States-origin items to Iran, paying the United States Gov-ernment a penalty of $892,360,064 dollars for activity between January 2010 and January 2016. (11) The Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control issued a subpoena to Huawei as part of a Federal investigation of alleged violations of trade restrictions on Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. (12) In the bipartisan Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives ‘‘Investigative Report on the United States National Security Issues Posed by Chinese Telecommunication Com-panies Huawei and ZTE’’ released in 2012, it was recommended that ‘‘U.S. government systems, particularly sensitive systems, should not include Huawei or ZTE equip-ment, including in component parts. Simi-larly, government contractors—particularly those working on contracts for sensitive U.S. programs—should exclude ZTE or Huawei equipment in their systems.’’. (13) Christopher Wray, who serves as Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, stated in February 2018 during a hearing of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate that he was ‘‘deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is beholden to foreign governments that don’t share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunications net-works. That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommuni-cations infrastructure. It provides the capac-ity to maliciously modify or steal informa-tion. And it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage.’’ Admiral Mike Rog-ers, who served as Director of the National Security Agency, agreed with Director Wray’s characterization, and added that Government programs need ‘‘to look long and hard at companies like this’’. (14) Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Federal Bureau of Investigation Di-rector Christopher Wray, Director of the De-fense Intelligence Agency General Robert Ashley, Director of the National Geospatial- Intelligence Agency Robert Cardillo, Direc-tor of the National Security Agency Admiral Michael Rogers, and Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Michael Pompeo all in-dicated by show of hands in February 2018 at a hearing of the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate that they would not ‘‘use products or services from Huawei or ZTE’’. (15) General Paul Nakasone, who served as the Commanding General of United States Army Cyber Command, stated during his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4425 May 22, 2018 
confirmation hearing to be National Secu-rity Agency director in March 2018 before the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate that he ‘‘would not’’ use any Huawei, China Unicom, or China Telecom products nor would he recommend his family do so. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNI -
CATIONS SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT .— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON AGENCY USE OR PROCURE -
MENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), beginning not later than January 1, 2021, the head of an agency may not procure or ob-tain, may not extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, and may not enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, sys-tem, or service that uses covered tele-communications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—By not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each agency shall develop a plan to implement paragraph (1) throughout the agency’s supply chain and shall submit such plan to the appropriate congressional com-mittees. Each such plan shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a clas-sified annex. The plan for an agency shall in-clude, but not be limited to, how the agency plans to deal with the impact of white label technology on its supply chain whereby the original manufacturer of technology is not readily apparent to a purchaser or user. (3) W
AIVER .—The head of an agency may, on a one time basis, waive the requirement under paragraph (1) with respect to an entity that requests such a waiver. Such a waiver may be provided for a period of not more than two years if the entity seeking the waiver— (A) can demonstrate a compelling jus-tification for additional time to implement such paragraph; (B) submits to the head of the agency, who then submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees within 30 days, a full and complete laydown of the presence of covered telecommunications equipment or services in the entity’s supply chain and a phase-out plan to eliminate such covered telecommuni-cations equipment or services from its sys-tems; (C) does not permit real-time access to its networks to an entity located or substan-tially located in a covered foreign country; and (D) provides a written guarantee to the head of the agency that it will not procure such covered telecommunications equipment or services again. (4) C
OVERED COMPONENTS .—With respect to a covered component of an entity for which such entity reasonably believes will not need to be replaced during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act, such entity shall provide a written as-surance to the head of the agency for which such covered component is in use that such entity shall replace such covered component, at the end of such covered component’s rea-sonable lifecycle, with a comparable compo-nent that is manufactured by a person other than Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary, successor en-tity, or affiliate of such entities). (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (A) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate. (B) The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (C) The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the People’s Republic of China. (D) The term ‘‘covered telecommuni-cations equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (i) Telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary, suc-cessor entity, or affiliate of such entities). (ii) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (iii) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the head of the relevant agency reason-ably believes to be an entity owned or con-trolled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. (E) The term ‘‘covered component’’ means any component that— (i) is part of any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommuni-cations equipment or services; (ii) is produced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any sub-sidiary, successor entity, or affiliate of such entities); and (iii) cannot route or redirect data traffic or visibility into any data or packets such equipment, system, or service transmits or manipulates. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secretaries of State, Homeland Se-curity, and Defense, shall develop a report outlining the national security risks of use of Huawei and ZTE technology, especially as it relates to evidence of malicious software or hardware that enables unauthorized net-work access or control and the type and level of risk, and a plan to share such report, based on appropriate access to classified in-formation, with U.S. allies, partners, and U.S. cleared defense contractors and tele-communications services providers. (2) U
NCLASSIFIED VERSION .—In addition to the classified report required by paragraph (1), an unclassified version of the report shall be made available for U.S. allies and part-ners as well as impacted telecommunication companies that do not have access to classi-fied information. (3) D
EADLINE .—The reports required by paragraph (1) and paragraph (2) of this sub-section shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in sub-section (b)(4) of this section) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally 
SEC. 901. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE TO DETERMINE COMMAND AND CONTROL RELATIONSHIPS. 
Section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (k) the following: ‘‘(l) C
OMMAND AND CONTROL AUTHORITY .— The Secretary of Defense shall have the au-thority to determine command and control relationships within the military depart-ments, Defense Agencies, and other organiza-tions and elements of the Department of De-fense, including the United States Fleet Forces Command and the United States Transportation Command, as necessary to fulfill the responsibilities of the Secretary under this title.’’. SEC. 902. CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
Section 129 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Any con-straint or limitation in terms of man years, end strength, full-time equivalent positions, or maximum number of employees shall be developed on the basis of those factors and shall be subject to adjustment solely for rea-sons of changed circumstances.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The cost of the civilian workforce as prescribed by Department of Defense In-struction 7041.04, issued in 2013 or any suc-cessor guidance, shall be compared to the costs of the military and contract workforces, consistent with the require-ments of section 129a, 2461, and 2463 of this title.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B), by inserting ‘‘and associated costs’’ after ‘‘projected size’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘that have been taken to identify offsetting reduc-tions and avoid unnecessary overall growth in the size of the civilian workforce’’ and in-serting ‘‘to reduce the overall costs of the total force of military, civilian, and contract workforces consistent with sections 129a, 2461, and 2463 of this title’’. 
SEC. 903. PERFORMANCE OF CIVILIAN FUNC-TIONS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a(g)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or re-quired by a mission’’ and inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04, issued on July 3, 2013, or any suc-cessor guidance, and when required by a mis-sion within the military occupational spe-cialty for which the military personnel have been trained’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, and only if the functions to be performed by mili-tary personnel are consistent with the train-ing requirements for the military occupa-tional specialty for which such personnel have been trained’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 904. ROLES OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE FOR POLICY AND UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR IN-TELLIGENCE. 
(a) U NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POL-
ICY.—Section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary shall be responsible and have the overall direction and supervision for— ‘‘(A) the development, implementation, and integration across the Department of Defense of the National Defense Strategy and strategic policy guidance for the activi-ties of the Department of Defense across all geographic regions and military functions and domains; and ‘‘(B) the integration of the activities of the Department of Defense into the National Se-curity Strategy of the United States.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘policy making’’ before ‘‘activities’’. (b) U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR IN-
TELLIGENCE .—Section 137(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1621, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4426 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(4) have responsibility for supervising and directing, and overseeing Department of De-fense activities, other than policy making activities, with respect to technology protec-tion relating to export controls; and’’. 
SEC. 905. DESIGNATION OF NAVY COMMANDERS. 
Section 5013 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(h) The Secretary of the Navy shall des-ignate a single commander within the De-partment of the Navy who shall serve as the official with principal responsibility in such Department for ensuring that forces of the Navy are available for tasking and deploy-ment, including forces that may be operating from a forward deployed location. ‘‘(i) The Secretary of the Navy shall des-ignate a single commander within the De-partment of the Navy who shall serve as the official with principal responsibility in such Department for the oversight and manage-ment of the shipyards of the Navy, including shipyards outside the United States.’’. Subtitle B—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction 
SEC. 911. AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFI-CER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) A UTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 132a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Exercising authority, direction, and control over the Defense Agencies and De-partment of Defense Field Activities with re-spect to the covered activities.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) Serving as the official with principal responsibility in the Department for mini-mizing the duplication of efforts and maxi-mizing efficiency and effectiveness among all organizations and elements of the Depart-ment (other than the military departments) with respect to the covered activities.’’. (2) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—Section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)) is further amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e) respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1)(A) The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), shall require the head of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity to transmit the proposed budget for the covered activities of such Agency or Activity for a fiscal year and for the period covered by the future-years de-fense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title for that fiscal year to the Chief Management Officer for review under subparagraph (B) before submitting the proposed budget to the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). ‘‘(B) The Chief Management Officer shall review each proposed budget transmitted under subparagraph (A) and, not later than January 31 of the year preceding the fiscal year for which the budget is proposed, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report containing the comments of the Chief Man-agement Officer with respect to all such pro-posed budgets, together with the certifi-cation of the Chief Management Officer re-garding whether each proposed budget achieves an adequate level of efficiency and effectiveness with respect to the covered ac-tivities. ‘‘(C) Not later than March 31 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Each proposed budget for the covered activities of a Defense Agency or a Depart-ment of Defense Field Activity that was transmitted to the Chief Management Offi-cer under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) Identification of each proposed budget contained in the most-recent report sub-mitted under subparagraph (B) that the Chief Management Officer did not certify as achieving an adequate level of efficiency and effectiveness with respect to the covered ac-tivities. ‘‘(iii) A discussion of the actions that the Secretary proposes to take, together with any recommended legislation that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, to address the inadequate levels of efficiency and effective-ness achieved by the proposed budgets iden-tified in the report. ‘‘(iv) Any additional comments that the Secretary considers appropriate regarding the inadequate levels of efficiency and effec-tiveness achieved by the proposed budgets. ‘‘(2) None of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the covered activities of a Defense Agency or a Department of Defense Field Activity may be obligated or expended unless— ‘‘(A) the head of the Agency or Activity submits to the Chief Management Officer a plan for the obligation and expenditure of such funds; and ‘‘(B) the Chief Management Officer ap-proves the plan. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to modify or interfere with the budget-related responsibilities of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence.’’. (3) COVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—Section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered activities’ means any activity relating to civilian resources management, logistics management, services contracting, or real estate management.’’. (b) S
TREAMLINING OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS  A
CROSS THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) S
TREAMLINING OF FUNCTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than January 1, 2021, and not less frequently than once every five years thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense, acting through the Chief Management Officer of the Department Defense, shall re-duce or eliminate duplicative functions across all organizations and elements of the Department of Defense with respect to the covered activities. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The military services shall not be included in any reductions or eliminations carried out under subparagraph (A) on or before January 1, 2021. (2) C
ERTIFICATION AND REVIEW OF COST SAV -
INGS.— (A) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later January 1, 2021, the Chief Management Officer shall cer-tify to the congressional defense committees that the reductions and eliminations carried out under paragraph (1) accomplished sav-ings with respect to the total amount obli-gated and expended for the covered activities in fiscal year 2020 that were not less than 25 percent of the baseline amount. (B) GAO 
REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of the certification under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that verifies whether the savings re-ported by the Chief Management Officer under such subparagraph are accurate. (C) B
ASELINE AMOUNT .—For the purposes of this paragraph, the baseline amount is the total amount obligated and expended by or-ganizations and elements of the Department of Defense other than the military services for fiscal year 2018 for the covered activi-ties— (i) increased by a credit for the amount of any reductions in the costs of such activities that are documented, as of the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, as having been accomplished in accord-ance with section 346 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92;.10 U.S.C. 111 note); and (ii) decreased by the amount of any reduc-tions in costs for such activities that are documented, as of the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, as having been accomplished in accordance with other sections of this subtitle. (D) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN COST SAVINGS .— For the purposes of calculating the percent-age cost savings accomplished by the Chief Management Officer under subparagraph (A), any reduction in costs documented, as of the date that is 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, as having been accom-plished in accordance with section 346 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92;.10 U.S.C. 111 note) shall be treated as a reduction accom-plished by the Chief Management Officer under paragraph (1). (3) P
LAN AND REVIEW .— (A) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a plan for complying with paragraphs (1) and (2). (B) GAO 
REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of the plan under sub-paragraph (A), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that verifies— (i) whether the plan submitted under sub-paragraph (A) is feasible; and (ii) whether any cost savings expected to result from the plan are accurate. (4) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS AND REVIEWS .— (A) CMO 
REPORTS .—Not later than January 1 of every fifth calendar year beginning with January 1, 2026, the Chief Management Offi-cer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the ac-tivities carried out by the Chief Management Officer under paragraph (1) during the pre-ceding five years, including an estimate of any cost savings achieved as a result of such activities. (B) GAO 
REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of each report under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that verifies— (i) whether the activities described in the report under subparagraph (A) were carried out; and (ii) whether any cost savings estimated in the report are accurate. (5) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered activities’’ has the meaning given that term in section 132a(f) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 912. AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND AU-
THORITIES .—Section 141 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) In addition to the duties, responsibil-ities, and powers referred to in subsection (b), the Inspector General of the Department shall serve as the official with principal re-sponsibility in the Department for mini-mizing the duplication of efforts and maxi-mizing efficiency among the Inspectors Gen-eral across all organizations and elements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4427 May 22, 2018 
the Department with respect to the covered activities. ‘‘(d)(1)(A) The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), shall require each Inspector General of an organization or element of the Department of Defense to transmit the pro-posed budget for the covered activities of the Office of such Inspector General for a fiscal year and for the period covered by the fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title for that fiscal year to the Inspector General of the Department of Defense for review under subparagraph (B) before submitting the pro-posed budget to the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller). ‘‘(B) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall review each proposed budget transmitted under subparagraph (A) and, not later than January 31 of the year preceding the fiscal year for which the budg-et is proposed, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report containing the comments of the Inspector General with respect to all such proposed budgets, together with the certification of the Inspector General regard-ing whether each proposed budget achieves an adequate level of efficiency and effective-ness with respect to the covered activities. ‘‘(C) Not later than March 31 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Each proposed budget for the covered activities of an Inspector General of an orga-nization or element of the Department of De-fense that was transmitted to the Inspector General of the Department under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(ii) Identification of each proposed budget contained in the most-recent report sub-mitted under subparagraph (B) that the In-spector General of the Department did not certify as achieving an adequate level of effi-ciency and effectiveness with respect to the covered activities. ‘‘(iii) A discussion of the actions that the Secretary proposes to take, together with any recommended legislation that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, to address the inadequate levels of efficiency and effective-ness achieved by the proposed budgets iden-tified in the report. ‘‘(iv) Any additional comments that the Secretary considers appropriate regarding the inadequate levels of efficiency and effec-tiveness achieved by the proposed budgets. ‘‘(2) None of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the covered activities of an Inspector General of an organization or element of the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended unless— ‘‘(A) the Inspector General of the organiza-tion or element submits to the Inspector General of the Department of Defense a plan for the obligation and expenditure of such funds; and ‘‘(B) the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense approves the plan. ‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘covered ac-tivities’ means any activity relating to pub-lic affairs, human resources, contracting, services contracting, or any other cross-en-terprise activities of the Inspectors General of the organizations and elements of the De-partment of Defense, as determined by the Inspector General of the Department.’’. (b) S
TREAMLINING OF FUNCTIONS .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary of De-fense, acting through the Inspector General of the Department Defense, shall reduce or eliminate duplicative functions among the Inspectors General across all organizations and elements of the Department with respect to the covered activities. (c) P
LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan for com-plying with subsection (b). (d) COVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered activities’’ has the meaning given that term in section 141(e) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 913. TRANSITION OF CERTAIN DEFENSE AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGEN-
CY.— (1) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary of De-fense, acting through the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, shall— (A) transfer all information technology contracting and acquisition services of the Defense Information Systems Agency to other elements of the Department of De-fense, which may include the transfer of such services to the military departments; and (B) transfer all senior leader communica-tions functions of the Agency to other ele-ments of the Department of Defense. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the transfers required under paragraph (1). (b) E
LIMINATION OF WASHINGTON HEAD-
QUARTERS SERVICES .— (1) E
LIMINATION REQUIRED .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, shall eliminate the Washington Headquarters Services. (2) T
RANSFER OR ELIMINATION .— (A) T
RANSFER .—The Chief Management Of-ficer shall transfer to other elements of the Office of the Secretary of Defense only such functions of the Washington Headquarters Services as are necessary to carry out an es-sential function not otherwise carried out by such Office, as determined by the Chief Man-agement Officer. (B) E
LIMINATION .—Any functions of the Washington Headquarters Services that are not transferred to another element of the Of-fice of the Secretary of Defense under sub-paragraph (A) shall be eliminated. (3) T
RANSFER OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS .— The Chief Management Officer shall dispose of, or transfer to other elements of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, any assets of the Washington Headquarters Services. (4) T
RANSITION PLAN .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the eliminations and transfers required under this subsection. (c) R
EVIEW OF DEFENSE AGENCIES AND DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES .— (1) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense shall review the efficiency and effectiveness of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity. As part of the re-view, the Chief Management Officer shall identify each function of an Agency or Activ-ity that is substantially similar to, or dupli-cative of, a function carried out by another organization or element of the Department of Defense. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the results of the review conducted under paragraph (1). (3) CMO 
VERIFICATION AND TRANSITION  
PLAN .—Together with the submission of the report under paragraph (2) and based on the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1), the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (A) a list identifying each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity that the Chief Management Officer has de-termined— (i) operates efficiently and effectively; and (ii) does not carry out any function that is substantially similar to, or duplicative of, a function carried out by another organization or element of the Department of Defense; and (B) with respect to each Agency or Activ-ity not included on the list under subpara-graph (A), a plan for— (i) eliminating the Agency or Activity; or (ii) transferring some or all of the func-tions of the Agency or Activity to another organization or element of the Department of Defense. (d) CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES OF THE  S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall have the authority to establish or terminate any Defense Agency or Department of De-fense Field Activity. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The authority of the Sec-retary of Defense to establish or terminate a Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity under paragraph (1) does not apply to an Agency or Activity that is spe-cifically established or terminated by an Act of Congress. (3) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in Federal law, regulations, guidance, instructions, or other documents of the Federal Government to a Defense Agency or Department of De-fense Field Activity terminated by the Sec-retary of Defense under paragraph (1), or to the head of such an Agency or Activity, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Secretary of Defense. (4) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate a Defense Agen-cy or Department of Defense Field Activity until a period of 90 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary sub-mits to the congressional defense commit-tees— (A) notice of the intent of the Secretary to terminate the Agency or Activity; and (B) recommendations for legislative ac-tions that may be required as a result of such termination. 
SEC. 914. ACTIONS TO INCREASE THE EFFI-CIENCY AND TRANSPARENCY OF THE DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY. 
(a) S YSTEM AND CAPABILITY .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Director of the De-fense Logistics Agency and the Chief Man-agement Officer of the Department of De-fense shall jointly, in consultation with the customers served by the Agency, develop and implement— (1) a comprehensive system that enables customers of the Agency to view— (A) the inventory of items and materials available to customers from the Agency; and (B) the delivery status of items and mate-rials that are in transit to customers; and (2) a predictive analytics capability de-signed to increase the efficiency of the sys-tem described in paragraph (1) by identifying emerging customer needs with respect to items and materials supplied by the Agency, including any emerging needs arising from the use of new weapon systems by cus-tomers. (b) A
CTIONS TO INCREASE EFFICIENCY .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly— (1) reduce the rates charged to customers, in aggregate, by not less than 10 percent; (2) eliminate the duplication of services within the Agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4428 May 22, 2018 
(3) establish specific goals and metrics to ensure that the Agency is fulfilling its mis-sion of providing items and materials to cus-tomers with sufficient speed and in sufficient quantities to ensure the lethality and readi-ness of warfighters. (c) P
LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan that describes how the Director and the Chief Management Offi-cer will achieve compliance with the require-ments of subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 915. REVIEW OF FUNCTIONS OF DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY AND DE-FENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense, shall direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to conduct a joint review of the functions of the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the De-fense Contract Management Agency. The re-view shall include— (1) a validation of the missions and func-tions of each Agency; (2) a determination of whether there are functions performed by either Agency that could more appropriately be performed by— (A) the other Agency; (B) any other organization or element of the Department of Defense, including the military departments; or (C) commercial providers; and (3) a validation of the continued need for two separate Agencies with oversight for de-fense contracting. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that includes the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 916. STREAMLINING OF DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Chief Management Officer and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly carry out activities to stream-line, reduce duplication, and make more ef-fective the operations of the Defense Finance and Accounting Services. (b) P
LANREQUIRED .— Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan for carrying out the activities required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 917. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF CHIEF IN-FORMATION OFFICERS IN THE SEN-IOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE. 
With respect to the total number of Chief Information Officer positions within the De-partment of Defense, during calendar year 2021 and each year thereafter not more than five of such positions may be Senior Execu-tive Service positions (as that term is de-scribed in section 3132(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code). 
SEC. 918. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATED REPORT .—The plans and reports required to be submitted to the con-gressional defense committees under this subtitle on or before March 1, 2020, may be combined and submitted in the form of a sin-gle, consolidated document. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘Chief Management Officer’’ means the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. (2) The terms ‘‘Defense Agency’’, ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Field Activity’’, and ‘‘mili-tary departments’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 143(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and the Washington Headquarters Services of the Department of Defense’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall take effect on the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Washington Headquarters Services is eliminated under section 913; or (2) January 1, 2021. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 921. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MA-CHINE LEARNING POLICY AND OVERSIGHT COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—In order to fulfill the responsibilities specified in Section 133a of title 10, United States Code, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall establish and lead a team to be known as the ‘‘Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Policy and Oversight Council’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Council’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Council shall be to— (1) integrate the functional activities of the organizations and elements of the De-partment of Defense with respect to artifi-cial intelligence and machine learning; (2) ensure there are efficient and effective artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities throughout Department; and (3) develop and continuously improve re-search, innovation, policy, joint processes, and procedures to facilitate the develop-ment, acquisition, integration, advance-ment, and sustainment of artificial intel-ligence and machine learning throughout the Department. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Council shall include the following: (1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering, or the designee of the Under Secretary, who shall serve as the leader of the Council. (2) The following officials of the Depart-ment of Defense, or their designees: (A) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment. (B) The Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. (C) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller). (D) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. (E) The Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence. (F) The General Counsel of the Department of Defense. (G) The head of each military service. (H) The Commander of the United States Special Operations Command. (I) The Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (3) Any other official of the Department of Defense determined to be appropriate by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (d) O
PERATION .—The Council shall operate continuously. 
SEC. 922. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF THE CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, AND RADI-OLOGICAL DEFENSE DIVISION OF THE NAVY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Chemical, Biological, and Radio-logical Defense Division of the Navy, cur-rently based at the Naval Surface Warfare Center in Dahlgren, Virginia, consists of a highly effective team of scientists per-forming critical work for the United States. (2) The Secretary of the Navy has notified Congress of the intent of the Secretary to transfer the Division to another location. (3) The Secretary has not provided Con-gress with a detailed cost benefit analysis or any other information that adequately justi-fies the proposed transfer of the Division. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) a detailed timeline for the proposed transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Ra-diological Defense Division of the Navy from Virginia to another location; (2) a full accounting of the costs associated with the proposed transfer, including— (A) all personnel costs; (B) all equipment costs; and (C) all facility renovation costs for the ex-isting facilities of the Division and the fa-cilities to which the Division is proposed to be transferred; (3) a risk assessment of the operational im-pact of the transfer during the transition pe-riod; and (4) an explanation of the operational ben-efit expected to be achieved by collocating all Chemical, Biological, and Radiological elements of the Department of the Navy. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy may not transfer, or prepare to transfer, the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological De-fense Division of the Navy from Dahlgren, Virginia to another location until a period of 45 days has elapsed following the date on which the report is submitted to the congres-sional defense committees under subsection (b). TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fis-cal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-tions that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $5,000,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in para-graph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-tions— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is trans-ferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authoriza-tion by Congress. (c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each trans-fer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. EXPERTISE IN AUDIT REMEDIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4429 May 22, 2018 
(1) The ongoing efforts to produce auditable financial statements for the De-partment of Defense, its agencies, and the military services enhance readiness and ac-countability by ensuring effective steward-ship of taxpayer resources. (2) The transition from audit readiness to audit performance and remediation are crit-ical phases, demanding expertise from ac-counting firms and financial management professionals to ensure that the Department successfully addresses issues identified in an audit. (3) Support from the private sector en-hances the ability of the Department to con-duct audit and remediation activities, and will enable the Department to achieve its strategic objective of improving business practices with efficiency and accountability. (b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SEMI-
ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE FINANCIAL IMPROVE -
MENT AND AUDIT REMEDIATION PLAN.—Sec- tion 252(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘Such briefing shall in-clude the amount of auditing and audit re-mediation services being performed by pro-fessionals meeting the qualifications de-scribed in section 254(b) of this title, both as an absolute number and as a percentage of auditing and audit remediation services then under contract.’’. (c) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 252(b)(1) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(vii) If less than 50 percent of the auditing and audit remediation services under con-tract, as described in the briefing required under paragraph (2), are being performed by professionals meeting the qualifications de-scribed in section 254(b) of this title, a de-tailed description of the risks associated with the risks of the acquisition strategy of the Department with respect to conducting audits and audit remediation activities and an explanation of how the strategy complies with the policies expressed by Congress. ‘‘(viii) If less than 25 percent of the audit-ing and audit remediation services under contract, as described in the briefing re-quired under paragraph (2), are being per-formed by professionals meeting the quali-fications described in section 254(b) of this title, a written certification that the staffing ratio complies with commercial best prac-tices and presents no increased risk of delay in the Department’s ability to achieve a clean audit opinion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) U
NCLASSIFIED FORM .—A description submitted pursuant to clause (vii) of sub-paragraph (B) or a certification submitted pursuant to clause (viii) of such subpara-graph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may not delegate the submission of a certification pursuant to clause (viii) of subparagraph (B) to any official other than the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense, the Chief Management Of-ficer, or the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller).’’. 
SEC. 1003. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS TO DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL-LIGENCE FOR CAPNET. 
During fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, under the authority in section 1001 of this Act, an amount that does not exceed $2,000,000 to provide support for the operation of the classified network known as CAPNET. SEC. 1004. INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT AUDIT OF FINANCIAL SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each major implementation of, or modifica-tion to, a financial system of the Depart-ment of Defense is reviewed by an inde-pendent public accountant to validate that such financial system will meet any applica-ble Federal requirements. Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities 
SEC. 1011. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR COMBATING OPIOID TRAF-FICKING AND ABUSE. 
(a) F INDINGS ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Over the past 15 years, opioid use in the United States has grown exponentially. (B) According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the number of deaths related to opioids in the United States in 2016 was 42,269. (C) Addiction and misuse of prescription opioids continues to rise. According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, in 2016, 11,500,000 people misused prescription opioids. (D) The predominant amount of precursors for fentanyl production are illicitly traf-ficked from China. (E) The Office of National Drug Control Policy is the lead agency for coordinating the Federal response to address the opioid epidemic in the United States. (F) The Department of Homeland Security is the lead Federal agency in securing United States borders from illicit trafficking. (G) The Department of Defense plays a vital supporting role in addressing the opioid epidemic through intelligence analysis, edu-cation, and assistance to other departments and agencies in dealing with this challenge. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the Department of Defense should pro-vide support for interagency efforts to com-bat the national opioid epidemic; and (B) the role of the Department of Defense is critical to identifying transnational crimi-nal organizations that allow illicit opioids to enter the United States. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR  C
OMBATING OPIOID TRAFFICKING AND ABUSE .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for National Guard counterdrug programs for fiscal year 2019, $20,000,000 shall be made available to provide support for United States inter-agency efforts to combat opioid trafficking and abuse in the United States, as specified in the funding table in Division D. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. INCLUSION OF OPERATION AND SUSTAINMENT COSTS IN ANNUAL NAVAL VESSEL CONSTRUCTION PLANS. 
Section 231(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) The estimated operations and sustainment costs required to support the vessels delivered under the naval vessel con-struction plan.’’. 
SEC. 1022. PURCHASE OF VESSELS USING FUNDS IN NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2218(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘two’’ and inserting ‘‘ten’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘ships’’ and inserting ‘‘ves-sels’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(E) The Secretary may not use the au-thority under this paragraph to procure more than two foreign constructed vessels unless the Secretary submits to Congress, by not later than the second week of February of the fiscal year during which the Secretary plans to use such authority, a certification that— ‘‘(i) the Secretary has initiated an acquisi-tion strategy for the construction in United States shipyards of not less than ten new sealift vessels purchased with funds in the National Defense Sealift Fund; and ‘‘(ii) of such new sealift vessels, the lead ship is anticipated to be delivered by not later than 2026.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fis-cal year 2019 for the Military Sealift Com-mand, the Secretary of the Navy may not ob-ligate or expend more than 75 percent until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees certification that the Navy has— (1) entered into a contract for the procure-ment of two used National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels in accordance with section 2218(f)(3)(C) of title 10, United States Code; and (2) completed the capability development document for the common hull multi-mis-sion platform. 
SEC. 1023. PURCHASE OF VESSELS BUILT IN FOR-EIGN SHIPYARDS WITH FUNDS IN NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1022, is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by such section 1022— (A) by striking ‘‘30 days after’’ and insert-ing ‘‘30 days before’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘proposed’’ before ‘‘date’’; (C) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘was’’ and in-serting ‘‘would be’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(viii) A detailed account of the criteria used to make the determination under sub-paragraph (B).’’; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) The Secretary may not finalize or execute the final purchase of any vessel using the authority under this paragraph until 30 days after the date on which a report under subparagraph (E) is submitted with re-spect to such purchase.’’. 
SEC. 1024. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND CLARI-FICATIONS TO CHAPTER 633 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW REGARDING NAVAL VESSELS. 
(a) M ODEL BASIN; INVESTIGATION OF HULL D
ESIGNS .—Section 7303 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(a) An office’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(b) The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF  C
HAPTER 633 OFTITLE 10, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following sections of chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, are repealed: (A) Section 7294. (B) Section 7295. (C) Section 7300. (D) Section 7306. (E) Section 7306b. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 7294. 7295. 7300, 7306, and 7306b. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4430 May 22, 2018 
(c) O THER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— (1) R
EPEAL OF METERING OF NAVY PIERS TO  
ACCURATELY MEASURE ENERGY CONSUMP -
TION.—Section 2828 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112-81; 125 Stat. 1694; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
FUNDING .—Section 124 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2214; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); and (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (3) R
EPEAL OF POLICY RELATING TO MAJOR  
COMBATANT VESSELS OF THE STRIKE FORCES OF  
THE UNITED STATES NAVY .—Section 1012 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 303; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (4) R
EPEAL OF ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGIES  
FOR FUTURE SURFACE COMBATANTS .—Section 128 of the John Warner National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2109; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (5) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE PROVISION ON VES -
SEL SCRAPPING PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 8124 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 1999 (Public Law 105–262; 112 Stat. 2333; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (6) R
EPEAL OF PROVISION ON CONSIDERATION  
OF VESSEL LOCATION FOR AWARD OF LAYBERTH  
CONTRACTS FOR SEALIFT VESSELS .—Section 375 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2385; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (7) R
EPEAL OF PROVISION ON REVITALIZATION  
OF UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING INDUSTRY .— Section 1031 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2489; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (8) R
EPEAL OF FAST SEALIFT PROGRAM .— (A) P
ROCUREMENT OF SHIPS .—Section 1021 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2485; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (B) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 1424 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1683; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (9) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO  
DEPOT -LEVEL MAINTENANCE OF SHIPS .—Sec- tion 1614 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (Pub-lic Law 101–189; 103 Stat. 1601; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b). (10) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT FOR  
REPORTS ON EFFECTS OF NAVAL SHIPBUILDING  
PLANS ON MARITIME INDUSTRIES .—Section 1227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 2055; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (11) R
EPEAL OF SIX -HUNDRED -SHIP GOAL FOR  
NAVY ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Section 791 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 1982 (Public Law 97–114; 95 Stat. 1593; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (12) R
EPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF PUB -
LIC AND PRIVATE SHIPYARDS FOR CONVERSION , 
OVERHAUL , OR REPAIR WORK UNDER CERTAIN  
PROGRAMS .—Section 811 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 1979 (Public Law 95–485; 92 Stat. 1624; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is re-pealed. (13) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT TO  
SUBMIT A FIVE -YEAR NAVAL SHIP NEW CON -
STRUCTION AND CONVERSION PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 808 of the Department of Defense Au-thorization Act, 1976 (Public Law 94–106; 89 Stat. 539; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1025. RETENTION OF NAVY HOSPITAL SHIP CAPABILITY. 
(a) R ETENTION OF SHIPS.—The Secretary of the Navy shall retain two T-AH 19 Mercy- class hospital ships at a readiness level that provides for the activation and deployment of each such ship within a period that does not exceed 5 days. (b) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the requirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees cer-tification in writing that the Secretary has— (1) for any T-AH 19 Mercy-class hospital ship to be retired or transferred, identified a replacement capability to meet the combat-ant commander afloat medical capability for medical and surgical care that is being met by the ship to be retired or transferred; and (2) achieved the initial operational capa-bility of the replacement capability de-scribed in paragraph (1). Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. DEFINITION OF SENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION. 
Subsection (d) of section 130f of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION DE-
FINED .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in this section, the term ‘sensitive mili-tary operation’ means a lethal operation or capture operation conducted by the armed forces or conducted by a foreign partner in coordination with the armed forces that tar-gets a specific individual or individuals. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this section, the term ‘sensitive military operation’ does not in-clude any operation conducted within Af-ghanistan.’’. 
SEC. 1032. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used during the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer of or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
SEC. 1033. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on De-cember 31, 2019, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual de-tained at Guantanamo for the purposes of de-tention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of De-fense. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) shall not apply to any modifica-tion of facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1034(f)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 971; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). SEC. 1034. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used during the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: (1) Libya. (2) Somalia. (3) Syria. (4) Yemen. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1041. NOTIFICATION ON THE PROVISION OF DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT. 
Section 1055 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) is requested by the non-Department of Defense Federal department or agency only after the department or agency has first rea-sonably attempted to use the resources of that department or agency to accomplish the mission for which the department or agency is making such request; and ‘‘(4) is most appropriately provided by the Department of Defense rather than another department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
EVERSE DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT  
REQUEST .—The Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees (and the congressional intelligence committees with respect to matters relating to members of the intelligence community) of requests made by the Secretary to a non-Department of Defense Federal department or agency for support that requires special protection from disclosure in the same manner and con-taining the same information as the Sec-retary notifies such committees of defense sensitive support requests under paragraphs (1) and (3).’’. 
SEC. 1042. COORDINATING UNITED STATES RE-SPONSE TO MALIGN FOREIGN IN-FLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAM-PAIGNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) coordinate, without assuming oper-ational authority, the United States Govern-ment response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(g) C
OORDINATOR FOR COMBATING MALIGN  F
OREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAM-
PAIGNS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall des-ignate an employee of the National Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4431 May 22, 2018 
Council to be responsible for the coordina-tion of the interagency process for com-bating malign foreign influence operations and campaigns. ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than twice each year, the employee designated under this subsection shall provide to the congressional committees specified in sub-paragraph (B) a briefing on the responsibil-ities and activities of the individual under this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
OMMITTEES SPECIFIED .—The congres-sional committees specified in this subpara-graph are the following: ‘‘(i) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(ii) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Relations, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITION OF MALIGN FOREIGN INFLU -
ENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS .—In this section, the term ‘malign foreign influence operations and campaigns’ means the coordi-nated, integrated, and synchronized applica-tion of national diplomatic, informational, military, economic, business, corruption, educational, and other capabilities by hos-tile foreign powers to foster attitudes, be-haviors, decisions, or outcomes within the United States.’’. (b) S
TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, acting through the National Security Council, shall submit to the con-gressional committees specified in paragraph (2) a strategy to counter malign foreign in-fluence operations and campaigns (as such term is defined in section 101(h) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021), as added by subsection (a)). (2) C
OMMITTEES SPECIFIED .—The congres-sional committees specified in this para-graph are the following: (A) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (B) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Relations, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1043. WORKFORCE ISSUES FOR MILITARY REALIGNMENTS IN THE PACIFIC. 
Section 6(b)(1) of the Joint Resolution en-titled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union With the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’, approved March 24, 1976 (48 U.S.C. 1806(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘dur-ing the transition program’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on the transi-tion program effective date and ending on the later of September 30, 2020, or the last day of the transition period’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) H-2B 
WORKERS .—In the case of an alien described in subparagraph (A) who seeks admission under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)), the alien, if otherwise qualified, may, before the later of December 31, 2023, or the last day of the transition pe-riod, be admitted under such section, not-withstanding the requirement of such sec-tion that the service or labor be temporary, for a period of up to 3 years— ‘‘(i) to perform service or labor on Guam or in the Commonwealth pursuant to any agreement entered into by a prime con-tractor or subcontractor calling for services or labor required for performance of a con-tact or subcontract for construction, repairs, renovations, or facility services that is di-rectly connected to, or associated with, the military realignment occurring on Guam and in the Commonwealth; or ‘‘(ii) to perform service or labor as a health care worker (such as a nurse, physician as-sistant, or allied health professional) on Guam or in the Commonwealth, subject to the education, training, licensing, and other requirements of section 212(a)(5)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)(C)), as applicable, except that this clause shall not be construed to include graduates of medical schools coming to Guam or the Commonwealth to perform service or labor as members of the medical profession.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) RETURNING WORKERS .—After the end of the period described in subparagraph (A), any alien who was admitted to Guam or the Commonwealth pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B) may again seek admission to Guam or the Commonwealth under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)) without being counted toward the numerical limitation of section 214(g)(1)(B) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g))(1)(B)). Such an alien shall be considered to be a returning worker sub-ject to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 214(g)(9) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(9)). An alien may be considered to be a returning worker under this subparagraph only once.’’. 
SEC. 1044. MITIGATION OF OPERATIONAL RISKS POSED TO CERTAIN MILITARY AIR-CRAFT BY AUTOMATIC DEPENDENT SURVEILLANCE-BROADCAST EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may not— (1) directly or indirectly require the instal-lation of automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast (hereinafter in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘ADS-B’’) equipment on fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, or other special mission aircraft owned or operated by the Department of Defense; (2) deny or reduce air traffic control serv-ices in United States airspace or inter-national airspace delegated to the United States to any aircraft described in paragraph (1) on the basis that such aircraft is not equipped with ADS-B equipment; or (3) restrict or limit airspace access for air-craft described in paragraph (1) on the basis such aircraft are not equipped with ADS-B equipment. (b) T
ERMINATION .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that the Secretary of Transportation and the Sec-retary of Defense jointly submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees notice that the Secretaries have entered into a memorandum of agreement or other similar agreement providing that fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, and other special mission aircraft owned or operated by the Depart-ment of Defense that are not equipped or not yet equipped with ADS-B equipment will be reasonably accommodated for safe oper-ations in the National Airspace System and provided with necessary air traffic control services. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) vest in the Secretary of Defense any au-thority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under title 49, United States Code, or any other provision of law; (2) vest in the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any authority of the Sec-retary of Defense under title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law; or (3) limit the authority or discretion of the Secretary of Transportation or the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to operate air traffic control services to ensure the safe minimum separation of air-craft in flight and the efficient use of air-space. (d) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall provide to the Sec-retary of Transportation notification of any aircraft the Secretary of Defense designates as a special mission aircraft pursuant to sub-section (e)(3). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the congressional de-fense committees, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘air traffic control services’’ means services used for the monitoring, di-recting, control, and guidance of aircraft or flows of aircraft and for the safe conduct of flight, including communications, naviga-tion, and surveillance services and provision of aeronautical information. (3) The term ‘‘special mission aircraft’’ means an aircraft the Secretary of Defense designates for a unique mission to which ADS-B equipment creates a unique risk. 
SEC. 1045. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the strategic capabilities office ghost fleet overlord un-manned surface vehicle program may be ob-ligated or expended until the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy, certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that— (1) such project accelerates development of the future unmanned surface vehicle pro-gram of the Navy; (2) the Commander of the Naval Sea Sys-tems Command has been designated as the contracting officer for such project; and (3) the desired procurement strategy for the ghost fleet overlord project is properly coordinated and not duplicative of the un-manned surface vehicle sea hunter program of the Navy. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not be construed to apply to any other unmanned surface vehicle program of the Department of Defense other than the program element specified in such subsection. 
SEC. 1046. PROGRAM FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION IN THE HANDS OF IN-DUSTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish and implement a foreign own-ership, control, or influence program for De-partment of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry. The Secretary may designate an entity or indi-vidual within the Department to take re-sponsibility for such controlled unclassified information and the oversight of the pro-gram. (b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Under the program required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall require that prior to any com-pany receiving controlled unclassified infor-mation or classified information, or becom-ing a cleared defense contractor— (1) the company shall report to the Sec-retary any foreign— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4432 May 22, 2018 
(A) direction or controlling interest of the company; or (B) access to intellectual property relating to classified information or controlled un-classified information; and (2) the Secretary shall determine if, on the basis of information reported under para-graph (1), the company should receive such information, including if risk to the national security can be mitigated and how such miti-gation would be enforced. 
SEC. 1047. PROTECTION OF EMERGING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) L IST.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a list of emerging and foundational technologies that are nec-essary for maintaining the national security technological advantage of the United States over foreign countries of special concern, as determined by the Secretary. (b) T
ECHNOLOGY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary shall use the list under subsection (a) to inform activities carried out by the Sec-retary relating to technology protection, in-cluding under interagency processes con-ducted pursuant to Federal law. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1051. ADDITIONAL MATTER FOR INCLUSION IN ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPER-ATIONS. 
Section 1057(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) A description of any ex gratia pay-ments made in connection with such casual-ties.’’. 
SEC. 1052. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REVIEW AND ASSESSMENT ON ADVANCES IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MA-CHINE LEARNING. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Defense Innova-tion Board and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, shall carry out a review and assessment of the ad-vances in artificial intelligence, related ma-chine learning developments, and associated technologies for military applications. In carrying out such review, the Secretary shall consider the methods and means necessary to advance the development of artificial in-telligence, machine learning, and associated technologies within the Department of De-fense to comprehensively address the na-tional security needs and requirements of the Department of Defense. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In conducting the review under paragraph (a) the Secretary of Defense shall consider— (1) the competitiveness of the Department of Defense in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, including matters pertaining to public-pri-vate partnerships and investments; (2) means and methods for the Department of Defense to maintain a technological ad-vantage in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, including quantum sciences and high per-formance computing; (3) means by which the Department of De-fense can help foster greater emphasis and investments in basic and advanced research to stimulate private, public, academic, and combined initiatives in artificial intel-ligence, machine learning, and other associ-ated technologies, including quantum sciences, and high performance computing; (4) Department of Defense workforce and education initiatives to attract and recruit leading talent in artificial intelligence and machine learning, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and math programs; (5) means by which the Department of De-fense may establish data standards and pro-vide incentives for the sharing of open train-ing data; and (6) any other matters the Secretary of De-fense determines relevant with respect to the approach of the Department of Defense to ar-tificial intelligence and machine learning. (c) REPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an ini-tial report on the findings of the review re-quired under subsection (a) and such rec-ommendations as the Secretary may have for legislative action related to artificial in-telligence, machine learning, and associated technologies, including recommendations to more effectively fund and organize the De-partment of Defense. (2) C
OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive report on the review re-quired under subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITION OF ARTIFICIAL INTEL -
LIGENCE .—In this section, the term ‘‘artifi-cial intelligence’’ includes each of the fol-lowing: (1) Any artificial system that performs tasks under varying and unpredictable cir-cumstances without significant human over-sight, or that can learn from experience and improve performance when exposed to data sets. (2) An artificial system developed in com-puter software, physical hardware, or other context that solves tasks requiring human- like perception, cognition, planning, learn-ing, communication, or physical action. (3) An artificial system designed to think or act like a human, including cognitive ar-chitectures and neural networks. (4) A set of techniques, including machine learning, that is designed to approximate a cognitive task. (5) An artificial system designed to act ra-tionally, including an intelligent software agent or embodied robot that achieves goals using perception, planning, reasoning, learn-ing, communicating, decisionmaking, and acting. 
SEC. 1053. REPORT ON JOINT ENTERPRISE DE-FENSE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the Joint En-terprise Defense Infrastructure. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) Information relating to the current composition of the Cloud Executive Steering Group and its mission, objectives, goals, and strategy. (2) A description of the characteristics and considerations for accelerating the cloud ar-chitecture and services required for a global, resilient, and secure information environ-ment to enable warfighting and mission command, as validated by the Joint Require-ments Oversight Council for the Joint Enter-prise Defense Infrastructure. (3) Information relating to the approved acquisition strategy and timeline for the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure, in-cluding estimated migration costs and timelines. (4) A description of how the approved ac-quisition strategy referred to in paragraph (3) provides for a full and open competition, enables the Department of Defense to con-tinuously leverage and acquire new cloud computing capabilities, maintains the abil-ity of the Department to leverage other cloud computing vendor products and serv-ices, incorporates elements to maintain se-curity, and provides for the best perform-ance, cost, and schedule to meet the cloud architecture and services requirements of the Department for the duration of such con-tract. (5) A description of the associated Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure program office, including number of personnel, over-head cost, and organizational structure. (6) A description of the effect of the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure on and the relationship of such Infrastructure to exist-ing cloud computing infrastructure, plat-form, and service contracts across the De-partment of Defense, specifically the effect and relationship to the private cloud infra-structure of the Department, MilCloud 2.0 run by the Defense Information Systems Agency. (7) Information relating to the most recent Department of Defense Cloud Computing Strategy and description of any initiatives to update such Strategy. (8) Information relating to Department of Defense guidance pertaining to cloud com-puting capability or platform acquisition and standards, and a description of any ini-tiatives to update such guidance. (9) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense determines relevant. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fis-cal year 2019 for acquisition of services or as-sociated program office support for the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure of the en-terprise-wide Cloud Executive Steering Group, not more than 50 percent may be obli-gated or expended until the Secretary of De-fense submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1054. REPORT ON PROPOSED CONSOLIDA-TION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GLOBAL MESSAGING AND COUNTER MESSAGING CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the proposed consolidation of the global messaging and counter messaging (GMCM) capabilities of the Department of Defense. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) The justification of the Secretary for the proposed consolidation of such capabili-ties. (2) The justification of the Secretary for the proposed designation of the United States Special Operations Command as the entity responsible for establishing the cen-tralized GMCM capability. (3) A description of the proposed roles and responsibilities of the United States Special Operations Command as such entity. (4) A description of the roles and respon-sibilities of the combatant commanders re-garding the operational use of the GMCM ca-pability. (5) The effect of the proposed consolidation of such capabilities on existing GMCM con-tracts and capabilities. (6) An implementation plan that includes a detailed description of the resources and other requirements required for the United States Special Operations Command to es-tablish the centralized GMCM capability for the period covered by the current future year’s defense program. (7) A comprehensive plan for the continual assessment of the effectiveness of the GMCM activities and programs. (8) An identification of the anticipated effi-ciencies, cost savings, and operational bene-fits associated with the consolidation of the GMCM capabilities. (9) A description of any actions, activities, and efforts taken to implement section 1637 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4433 May 22, 2018 
(b) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 50 percent of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command for global messaging and counter messaging may be obligated or expended before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1055. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF PROFES-SIONALISM AND ETHICS PROGRAMS FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of each of the military departments, shall conduct a comprehensive review of the eth-ics and professionalism programs of the United States Special Operations Command and of the military departments for officers and other military personnel serving in spe-cial operations forces. (b) E
LEMENTS OF THE REVIEW .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall specifi-cally include a description and assessment of each of the following: (1) The culture of professionalism and eth-ics of the United States Special Operations Command and affiliated component com-mands. (2) The ethics and professionalism pro-grams of the military departments available for special operations forces. (3) The ethics and professionalism pro-grams of the United States Special Oper-ations Command and affiliated component commands. (4) The roles and responsibilities of the military departments and the United States Special Operations Command and affiliated component commands in administering, overseeing, managing, and ensuring compli-ance and participation of special operations forces in ethics and professionalism pro-grams, including an identification of— (A) gaps in the administration, oversight, and management of such programs and in en-suring the compliance and participation in such programs; and (B) additional guidance that may be re-quired for a systematic, integrated approach in administering, overseeing, and managing such programs and in ensuring compliance with and participation in such programs in order to address issues and improve ethical culture and professionalism. (5) The management and oversight frame-work in place that is designed to ensure that all ethics and professionalism programs available to special operations forces meet Department standards. (6) Tools and metrics for identifying and assessing individual and organizational eth-ics and professionalism issues with respect to special operations forces. (7) Tools and metrics for assessing the ef-fectiveness of existing ethics and profes-sionalism programs in improving or address-ing individual and organizational ethics-re-lated and professionalism issues with respect to special operations forces. (8) Additional programs or actions that may be required to address or improve indi-vidual and organizational ethics and profes-sionalism issues with respect to special oper-ations forces. (9) Actions to improve the oversight and accountability by senior leaders of ethics and professionalism-related issues with re-spect to special operations forces. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘ethics program’’ means a program that includes— (A) compliance-based ethics training, edu-cation, initiative, or other activity that fo-cuses on adherence to rules and regulations; and (B) values-based ethics training, education, initiative, or other activity that focuses on upholding a set of ethical principles in order to achieve high standards of conduct and in-corporate guiding principles to help foster an ethical culture and inform decision-making where rules are not clear. (2) The term ‘‘professionalism program’’ means a program that includes training, edu-cation, initiative, or other activity that fo-cuses on values, ethics, standards, code of conduct, and skills as related to the military profession. (d) SUBMITTAL OF REVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit the review required by subsection (a) to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by not later than March 1, 2019. 
SEC. 1056. MUNITIONS ASSESSMENTS AND FU-TURE-YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED REPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees each of the following: (1) The most current munitions assess-ments, as defined by Department of Defense Instruction Number 3000.04, relating to the Department of Defense munitions require-ments process. (2) The most current sufficiency assess-ments, as defined by such Department of De-fense Instruction. (3) The most current approved memo-randum of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council resulting from the munitions re-quirements process. (4) The planned funding and munitions re-quirements required for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the submittal of the report and across the future-years de-fense program for munitions across all mili-tary departments and the Missile Defense Agency. (5) The planned foreign military sales and foreign military financing orders for United States munitions across the future-years de-fense program. (b) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit reports and assessments under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2021. (c) S
UPPLY CHAIN ASSESSMENTS .—Begin- ning in fiscal year 2020, the Under Secretary shall evaluate supply chain risks, including qualified supplier shortages and single source supplier vulnerabilities for munitions production. The Under Secretary shall in-clude in the reports required under sub-section (a) for fiscal year 2020 and any subse-quent fiscal year for which such reports are required to be submitted, a list of munitions that are at risk of production impacts from the loss of qualified suppliers. 
SEC. 1057. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF ARMY FUTURES COMMAND. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the Army’s plan for the es-tablishment of Army Futures Command. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) A description of the mission of Army Futures Command. (2) A description of the authorities and re-sponsibilities of the Commander of Army Fu-tures Command. (3) A description of the relationship be-tween such authorities and the authorities of the Army Acquisition Authority and a de-scription of any changes to be made to the authorities and missions of other Army major commands. (4) A detailed description of the structure for Army Futures Command, including grade requirements. (5) A detailed description of any resources or elements to be realigned from the Army Training and Doctrine Command, Army Ma-teriel Command, Army Force Command, or Army Test and Evaluation Command to Army Futures Command. (6) An assessment of the number and loca-tion of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian personnel ex-pected to be assigned to Army Futures Com-mand. (7) A cost estimate for the establishment of Army Futures Command in fiscal year 2019 and projected costs for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2023. (8) A description of the headquarters sta-tioning selection criteria and methodology (9) Any other information relating to the command, as determined by the Secretary. SEC. 1058. ASSESSMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ELECTROMAGNETIC SPEC-TRUM WARFARE ENTERPRISE. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop a plan, and the estimated cost and schedule of implementing the plan, to conduct joint campaign modeling and wargaming for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. Such plan shall include each of the following: (1) The capabilities and capacity, and the associated governance and command and control architecture design, required to ef-fectively employ military forces designated to conduct multi-domain electromagnetic spectrum operations of the Department of Defense. (2) The fiscal and manpower resources re-quired to carry out paragraph (1) and to in-form the budget requests of the Department of Defense. (3) The sufficiency of experimentation, testing, and training infrastructure, ranges, instrumentation, and threat simulators re-quired to support the development of elec-tromagnetic spectrum capabilities. (4) The sufficiency and overall effective-ness of electromagnetic spectrum operations to inform joint adaptive planning activities. (5) All level 3 and level 4 contingency plans (as such plans are described in Joint Publica-tion 5-0 of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, entitled ‘‘Joint Planning’’ and dated June 16, 2017). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 18, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan developed under sub-section (a). (2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) A
NNUAL BRIEFINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 5, 2019, and annually thereafter for each of the next five subsequent years, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the joint electromagnetic spectrum operations of the Department of Defense. Such briefing shall include each of the following: (A) An update on the governance, organiza-tional structure, and activities of the Elec-tronic Warfare Executive Committee of the Department of Defense, as established by memorandum of the Deputy Secretary of De-fense on March 17, 2015. (B) An assessment of the progress in achieving the goals and objectives described in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4434 May 22, 2018 
(i) the current strategy for the electro-magnetic spectrum warfare enterprise issued by the Executive Committee; and (ii) Department of Defense Directive 3222.04, dated May 10, 2017. (C) An assessment of the current readiness, sufficiency, unity of effort, and moderniza-tion of the joint military services with re-spect to joint electromagnetic spectrum ca-pabilities and the ability of the joint mili-tary services to train and employ effectively in an electromagnetic spectrum warfare operational environment for all level 3 and level 4 contingency plans (as such plans are described in Joint Publication 5-0 of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, entitled ‘‘Joint Plan-ning’’ and dated June 16, 2017). (D) The same information as is required to be submitted under section 1053(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84; 123 Stat. 2459). (2) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—Each briefing re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be unclassified, but may include a classified presentation. (d) O
NE-TIME BRIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 25, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordi-nation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives a briefing on the joint electromagnetic spectrum operations of the Department of Defense. Such briefing shall include each of the following: (A) An update on the progress of the De-partment in implementing the pilot program authorized by section 234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). (B) The progress of the Department in es-tablishing and operationalizing joint electro-magnetic spectrum operations cells at bat-tle-management and command and control locations of the combatant commanders and designated joint task force commanders. (C) The progress of the Department in es-tablishing a network to connect an electro-magnetic battle management system to mul-tiple sensor and intelligence data feeds to implement electronic warfare battle man-agement for networked electronic warfare and dynamic reprogramming with auto-mated near real-time capabilities. (D) The number of personnel assigned to joint electromagnetic spectrum operations mission activities, to include officers, en-listed members, and civilian personnel, set forth separately by career field designator and rank for each military service, combat-ant command, and defense agency. (E) A comparison of commissioned officer promotion rates among the personnel de-scribed in paragraph (d), by grade, compared to the average promotion rates for commis-sioned officers, by grade, in each military service, over the five most recent promotion cycles that have been completed since the end of fiscal year 2018. (F) An assessment of Department of De-fense governance, organizational alignment, human capital, and other applicable re-sources responsible for the development, management, and implementation of joint electromagnetic spectrum policy, doctrine, concepts, requirements, capabilities, and operational activities. (2) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefing re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be unclassified, but may include a classified presentation. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘electromagnetic battle man-agement’’ means the dynamic monitoring, assessing, planning, and directing of joint electromagnetic spectrum operations in sup-port of a military commander’s scheme of maneuver. (2) The term ‘‘joint electromagnetic spec-trum operations’’ means those activities consisting of electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum management op-erations used to exploit, attack, protect, and manage the electromagnetic operational en-vironment to achieve a military com-mander’s objectives. SEC. 1059. REPORT ON SUPPORT FOR NON-CON-TIGUOUS STATES AND TERRITORIES IN THE EVENT OF THREATS AND IN-CIDENTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and House of Representa-tives a report on the preparedness of the De-partment of Defense in providing support to non-contiguous States and territories in he aftermath of a natural or manmade incident that warrants the Department to assist the State and civil entities with the protection of life and to provide emergency work. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—For purposes of the report under subsection (a)— (1) the support covered by the report may include support provided under section 403(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b(c)); and (2) the incidents covered by the report shall include natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and industrial accidents. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1060. REPORT ON LOW-BOOM FLIGHT DEM-ONSTRATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress in development of the Low-Boom Flight Demonstration, including— (1) the plans of the Administrator to co-ordinate with other executive agencies to en-sure the availability of developmental and operational testing infrastructure for low- boom flight demonstrations by 2021; and (2) the strategy of the Administration to acquire chase aircrafts to ensure the avail-ability of such aircrafts for such demonstra-tions. 
SEC. 1061. REPORT ON CYBER-ENABLED INFOR-MATION OPERATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representative and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the effects of cyber-en-abled information operations on the national security of the United States. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) A summary of actions taken by the Federal Government to protect the national security of the United States against cyber- enabled information operations. (2) A description of the resources necessary to protect the national security of the United States against cyber-enabled infor-mation operations by foreign adversaries. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1071. TECHNICAL, CONFORMING, AND CLER-ICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as fol-lows: (1) Sections 130j and 130k, as added by sec-tion 1631 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1736), are amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 3093 of title 50, United States Code’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093)’’. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130j and 130k and insert-ing the following new items: ‘‘130j. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘130k. Notification requirements for cyber weapons.’’. (3) Section 131(b)(9), as amended by section 811, is further amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), and (H), as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (4) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 261 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘241. Reference to chapters 1003, 1005, and 1007.’’. (5) Section 494(b)(2) is amended in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘March 1, 2012, and annually thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1 of each year’’. (6) Section 495(a) is amended by striking ‘‘Beginning in fiscal year 2013, the’’ and in-serting ‘‘The’’. (7) Section 499a(d), as added by section 1652(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1757), is amended by striking ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 11, 2017,’’. (8) Section 637a(d) is amended by striking ‘‘specialities’’ and inserting ‘‘specialties’’. (9) Section 664(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’. (10) The table of subchapters at the begin-ning of chapter 47A is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter VII and in-serting the following: ‘‘VII. POST-TRIAL PROCEDURE AND REVIEW OF  
MILITARY COMMISSIONS ’’. (11) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII of chapter 47A is amended by striking the item relating to section 950g and inserting the following: ‘‘950g. Review by United States Court of Ap-peals for the District of Colum-bia Circuit; writ of certiorari to Supreme Court.’’. (12) Section 950t is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘attack. or’’ and inserting ‘‘attack, or’’; (B) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘shall punished’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be punished’’; and (C) in paragraph (22), by adding a period at the end. (13) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1077a and inserting the following: ‘‘1077a. Access to military medical treatment facilities and other facilities.’’. (14) Section 1415(e) is amended by striking ‘‘concerned’’. (15) Section 2006a(b)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the such programs’’ and inserting ‘‘such programs’’. (16) Section 2279(c) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a) and (b)’’. (17) Section 2279c, as added by section 1601(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1718), is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘ the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 12, 2017’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘ the date of the enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘December 12, 2017’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4435 May 22, 2018 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘after December 11, 2018’’. (18)(A) The second section 2279c, as added by section 1602 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1721), is redesignated as section 2279d. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 135 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279c the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2279d. Limitation on construction on United States territory of sat-ellite positioning ground moni-toring stations of certain for-eign governments.’’. (19) Section 2313b(b)(1)(E), as added by sec-tion 803(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1452), is amended by redesig-nating clauses (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively. (20) Section 2324(e)(1) is amended by redes-ignating the second subparagraph (P) and subparagraph (Q) as subparagraphs (Q) and (R), respectively. (21) Section 2337a(d), as added by section 836(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1473), is amended by striking ‘‘title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’. (22) Section 2374a(e) is amended by striking ‘‘,,’’ and inserting ‘‘,’’. (23) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 141 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2410s and inserting the following new item: ‘‘2410s. Security clearances for facilities of certain companies.’’. (24) The heading of section 2410s is amend-ed by striking the period at the end. (25)(A) The heading of section 2414, as amended by section 817(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1462), is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2414. Funding’’. (B) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 142 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘2414. Funding.’’. (26) Section 2613(g) is amended by striking ‘‘(1)’’. (27) Section 2679(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Federal government’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Government’’. (28) The heading of section 2691, as amend-ed by section 2814(b)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2691. Restoration of land used by permit or damaged by mishap; reimbursement of state costs of fighting wildland fires’’. (29) Section 2879(a)(2)(A), as added by sec-tion 2817(a)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 11, 2017,’’. (30) The heading of section 2914 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2914. Energy resilience and conservation construction projects’’. (31) Section 10504 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Chief’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Chief’’; and (B) by redesignating the second subsection (b) as subsection (c). (b) T
ITLE 32, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 32, United States Code, is amended in section 902, by striking ‘‘the Secretary, determines’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines’’. (c) NDAA FORFISCAL YEAR2018.—Effective as of December 12, 2017, and as if included therein as enacted, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. ll et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) Section 834(a)(2) (131 Stat. 1470) is amended by striking ‘‘subchapter I of’’. (2) Section 913(b) is amended by striking the dash after the colon in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1). (3) Section 1051(d)) is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Defense Authorization Act’’. (4) Section 1691(i) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘the’’ after ‘‘Title XIV of’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘as enacted into law by’’ before ‘‘Public Law 106–398’’. (5) Section 2817(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘table of sections for’’ and inserting ‘‘table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter IV of’’. (6) Section 2831(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 10, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘chapter 173’’. (7) Section 2876(d) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘In this section:’’ after ‘‘D
EFINITIONS .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting open quotation marks before ‘‘beneficial’’ and close quotation marks after ‘‘owner’’. (e) O
THER NDAAS.— (1) FY
2016.—Section 828(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as added by section 825(a)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1466), is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection’’ before ‘‘(b)’’. (2) FY
2001.—Section 821(e) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (f) O
THER LAWS.— (1) T
ITLE 31 .—Paragraph (1) of section 5112(p) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 885 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1505), is amend-ed by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’ each place it appears. (2) T
ITLE 49 .—Subsection (h) of section 44718 of title 49, United States Code, as amended and redesignated by sections 311(b)(3) and 311(e)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 183a(g) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 183a(h)(1) of title 10’’ ; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 183a(g) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 183a(h)(7) of title 10’’. (3) A
TOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACT .—Section 4309(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2575(c)) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (17) and (18) as paragraphs (16) and (17), respectively. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
THECHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Each of the following provisions law is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Chief Management Officer’’: (i) Section 192(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (ii) Section 2222 of title 10, United States Code. (iii) Section 11319(d)(4) of title 40, United States Code. (iv) Section 881(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (v) Section 217 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2445a note). (B) Section 131(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a)(3) of this section, is further amended— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (9), re-spectively. (C) Section 137a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, the Secretaries of the military de-partments, and’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, and the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense’’. (D) Section 138(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Of-ficer of the Department of Defense,’’ after ‘‘the Deputy Secretary of Defense,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘ the Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense,’’. (E) Section 904(b)(4) the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 132 note.) is amend-ed— (i) by striking ‘‘and Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer’’and (ii) by striking ‘‘as is necessary to assist those officials in the performance of their duties’’ and inserting ‘‘as is necessary to as-sist the Chief Management Officer in the per-formance of the duties assigned to such offi-cial’’. (F) Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense.’’. (2) REFERENCES .— (A) I
N LAW OR REGULATION .—Any reference in a law (other than this Act) or regulation in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act to the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense is deemed to be a reference to the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. (B) I
N OTHER DOCUMENTS , PAPERS , OR 
RECORDS .—Any reference in a document, paper, or other record of the United States prepared before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense is deemed to be a reference to the Chief Man-agement Officer of the Department of De-fense. (h) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  M
ADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of apply-ing amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as hav-ing been enacted immediately before any such amendments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1072. PRINCIPAL ADVISOR ON COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
ESIGNATION OF PRINCIPAL ADVISOR .— Chapter 4 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 145. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall designate, from among the per-sonnel of the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, a Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction. Such Prin-cipal Advisor shall act as the principal advi-sor to the Secretary on the activities of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4436 May 22, 2018 
Department of Defense relating to coun-tering weapons of mass destruction. The in-dividual designated to serve as such Prin-cipal Advisor shall be an individual who was appointed to the position held by the indi-vidual by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Principal Ad-visor designated under subsection (a) shall carry out the following responsibilities: ‘‘(1) Supervising the activities of the De-partment of Defense relating to countering weapons of mass destruction, including the oversight of policy and operational consider-ations, resources, personnel, acquisition, and technology. ‘‘(2) Carrying out such other responsibil-ities relating to countering weapons of mass destruction as the Secretary shall specify.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘145. Principal Advisor on Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction.’’. (b) O
VERSIGHT PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to streamline the oversight framework of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, including any efficiencies and the potential to reduce, realign, or otherwise restructure current As-sistant Secretary and Deputy Assistant Sec-retary positions with responsibilities for overseeing countering weapons of mass de-struction policy, programs, and activities. 
SEC. 1073. RECEIPT OF FIREARM OR AMMUNI-TION. 
(a) R ECEIPT OF FIREARM OR AMMUNITION BY  S
POUSE OF MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES AT  
ADUTYSTATION OF THE MEMBER OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES .—Section 925(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, or to the spouse of such a member,’’ before ‘‘or to’’; (2) by striking ‘‘members,’’ and inserting ‘‘members and spouses,’’; (3) by striking ‘‘members or’’ and inserting ‘‘members, spouses, or’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘member or’’ and inserting ‘‘member, spouse, or’’. (b) R
ESIDENCY OF SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF  
THE ARMED FORCES TO BEDETERMINED ON  
THESAME BASIS AS THE RESIDENCY OF SUCH M
EMBERS FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL FIRE-
ARMS LAWS.—Section 921(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter, a mem-ber of the Armed Forces on active duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of— ‘‘(1) the State in which the member or spouse maintains legal residence; ‘‘(2) the State in which the permanent duty station of the member is located; and ‘‘(3) the State in which the member main-tains a place of abode from which the mem-ber commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to conduct engaged in after the 6-month period that be-gins on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1074. FEDERAL CHARTER FOR SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 
(a) F EDERAL CHARTER .—Part B of subtitle II of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 2003 the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 2005—SPIRIT OF AMERICA ‘‘Sec. ‘‘200501. Organization. ‘‘200502. Purposes. ‘‘200503. Governing body. ‘‘200504. Powers. ‘‘200505. Restrictions. ‘‘200506. Records and inspection. ‘‘200507. Duty to maintain tax-exempt sta-tus. ‘‘200508. Quarterly report. ‘‘§ 200501. Organization ‘‘(a) FEDERAL CHARTER .—Spirit of America (in this chapter ‘the corporation’), a non-profit corporation, is a federally chartered corporation. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION OF CHARTER .—If the cor-poration does not comply with the provisions of this chapter, the charter granted by this chapter expires. ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF CHARTER .—Nothing in the charter granted by this chapter shall be con-strued as conferring special rights or privi-leges upon the corporation, or as placing upon the Department of Defense any obliga-tion with respect to the corporation. ‘‘§ 200502. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of the corporation are as provided in its constitution and bylaws and include the following: ‘‘(1) To respond to the needs of local popu-lations abroad, as identified by members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad. ‘‘(2) To connect the people of the United States more closely to the members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad, and to the missions carried out by such personnel abroad. ‘‘(3) To demonstrate the goodwill of the people of the United States to peoples around the world. ‘‘§ 200503. Governing body ‘‘(a) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .— ‘‘(1) The board of directors is the governing body of the corporation. The powers, duties, and responsibilities of the board are as pro-vided in the constitution and bylaws of the corporation. ‘‘(2) The number of directors is as provided in the constitution of the corporation. Their manner of selection (including the filling of vacancies) and their term of office are as provided in the constitution and bylaws. ‘‘(b) O
FFICERS .—(1) The officers of the cor-poration are a chairman of the board of di-rectors, a president, one or more vice presi-dents as provided in the constitution and by-laws, a secretary, a treasurer, and one or more assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers as provided in the constitution and bylaws. ‘‘(2) The manner of election, term of office, and duties of the officers are as provided in the constitution and bylaws. ‘‘§ 200504. Powers ‘‘The corporation may— ‘‘(1) adopt and amend a constitution, by- laws, and regulations to carry out the pur-poses of the corporation; ‘‘(2) adopt and alter a corporate seal; ‘‘(3) establish and maintain offices to con-duct its activities; ‘‘(4) enter into contracts; ‘‘(5) acquire, own, lease, encumber, and transfer property as necessary and appro-priate to carry out the purposes of the cor-poration; ‘‘(6) establish, regulate, and discontinue subordinate State and territorial subdivi-sions and local chapters or posts; ‘‘(7) publish a magazine and other publica-tions (including through the Internet); ‘‘(8) sue and be sued; ‘‘(9) do any other act necessary and proper to carry out the purposes of the corporation as provided in its constitution, by-laws, and regulations; and ‘‘(10) to do any other act necessary and proper to carry out the purposes stated in section 200502 of this title. ‘‘§ 200505. Restrictions ‘‘(a) PROFIT .—The corporation may not en-gage in business activity for profit unless the activity is substantially related to— ‘‘(1) the purposes stated in 200502 of this title; or ‘‘(2) raising funds to accomplish those pur-poses. ‘‘(b) S
TOCK AND DIVIDENDS .—The corpora-tion may not issue stock or declare or pay a dividend. ‘‘(c) P
OLITICAL ACTIVITIES .—The corpora-tion shall be nonpolitical and may not pro-vide financial aid or assistance to, or other-wise promote the candidacy of, an individual seeking elective public office. A substantial part of the activities of the corporation may not involve carrying on propaganda or other-wise attempting to influence legislation. ‘‘(d) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INCOME OR ASSETS .— The income or assets of the corporation may not inure to the benefit of a governor, offi-cer, member, or employee or be distributed to any person during the life of the corpora-tion or on its dissolution or final liquidation. This subsection does not prevent the pay-ment of reasonable compensation to an offi-cer, employee, or other person or reimburse-ment for actual necessary expenses in amounts approved by the board of directors. ‘‘(e) L
OANS .—The corporation may not make a loan to a governor, officer, member or employee. ‘‘(f) N
OCLAIM OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL  
ORAUTHORITY .—The corporation may not claim approval of Congress, of the authority of the United States, for any activity of the corporation. ‘‘§ 200506. Records and inspection ‘‘(a) R
ECORDS .—The corporation shall keep— ‘‘(1) correct and complete records of ac-count; ‘‘(2) minutes of the proceedings of its mem-bers, board of governors, and committees having any of the authority of the corpora-tion; and ‘‘(3) at its principal office, a record of the names and addresses of its members entitled to vote. ‘‘(b) I
NSPECTION .—A member, or an agent or attorney of a member, may inspect the records of the corporation for any proper purpose, at any reasonable time. ‘‘§ 200507. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status ‘‘If the corporation fails to maintain its status as an organization exempt from tax-ation under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the charter granted under this chapter shall terminate. ‘‘§ 200508. Quarterly report ‘‘The corporation shall submit a quarterly report to Congress on the activities of the corporation during the prior fiscal year quar-ter. The report shall be submitted at the same time as the report of the audit required by section 10101 of this title.’’. (b) T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of title 36, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle II of such title, are each amended by insert-ing after the item relating to chapter 2003 the following new item: ‘‘2005. Spirit of America ....................200501’’. 
SEC. 1075. TRANSFER OF AIRCRAFT TO OTHER DEPARTMENTS. 
Section 1098 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 881) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (f); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (e) as subsections (a) through (d), re-spectively; (3) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (e) and (f); (4) in subsection (a)(1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and subject to the certification requirement under subsection (f),’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4437 May 22, 2018 
(5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Promptly following the completion of the certification requirement under subsection (f) and notwithstanding’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘shall begin transfer, with-out reimbursement, of—’’ and inserting ‘‘shall transfer, without reimbursement—’’. 
SEC. 1076. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL AVIATION HERITAGE AREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds as follows: (1) The National Aviation Heritage Area, as it is currently defined, contains the Na-tional Museum of the United States Air Force and the Huffman Prairie Flying Field located within the grounds of Wright-Patter-son Air Force Base. (2) The National Aviation Heritage Area continues to preserve the historical legacy of the Wright brothers and the birth of avia-tion, therefore, the National Park Service should designate the National Aviation Her-itage Area as a longstanding heritage area. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—The National Avia-tion Heritage Area Act (title V of division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Public Law 108–447) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Aviation Heritage Foundation, Incorporated,’’, ‘‘the Aviation Heritage Foundation, Incorporated (a non-profit corporation established under the laws of the State of Ohio)’’, ‘‘the Aviation Herit-age Foundation’’, ‘‘the Aviation Heritage Foundation, Incorporated’’ and ‘‘the Founda-tion’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘Dayton History’’; (2) in section 503, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) D
AYTON HISTORY .—The term ‘Dayton History’ means Dayton History, an organiza-tion incorporated in Ohio and described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code.’’; (3) in section 505, by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AND SERVICES .— The management entity may accept funds and services from any Federal or non-Fed-eral source for the purposes of implementing the Management Plan.’’; and (4) in section 512, by striking ‘‘the date that is 15 years after the date that funds are first made available for this title’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. (c) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN.—Dayton History (as such term is defined in section 503(1) of the National Aviation Heritage Area Act (title V of division J of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2005; Public Law 108–447)) may manage the National Aviation Heritage Area under the management plan in effect for that heritage area as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1077. RECOGNITION OF AMERICA’S VET-ERANS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF SUPPORT .—In order to honor American veterans, including American veterans of past wars that the Sec-retary of Defense determines have not re-ceived appropriate recognition, the Sec-retary may provide such support as the Sec-retary determines is appropriate for a parade to be carried out in the District of Columbia. In providing support under this subsection, the Secretary may expend funds for the dis-play of small arms and munitions appro-priate for customary ceremonial honors and for the participation of military units that perform customary ceremonial duties. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—In providing support for a parade as described in subsection (a), the Secretary may not expend funds to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, mu-nitions other than the munitions specifically described in subsection (a), operational mili-tary units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, plat-forms, or equipment. SEC. 1078. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY AVIATION SAFETY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the National Commission on Military Avia-tion Safety (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of eight members, of whom— (A) four shall be appointed by the Presi-dent; (B) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate; (D) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (E) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. (2) A
PPOINTMENT DATE .—The appointments of the members of the Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
FFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP -
POINTMENT DATE .—If one or more appoint-ments under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make such appointment or appointments shall expire, and the number of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number of appointments so not made. If an appointment under sub-paragraph (B), (C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make an appointment under such subpara-graph shall expire, and the number of mem-bers of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number otherwise appointable under such subparagraph. (4) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under this subsection, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in military aviation training, aviation tech-nology, military aviation operations, air-craft sustainment and repair, aviation per-sonnel policy, aerospace physiology, and re-serve component policy. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) C
HAIR AND VICECHAIR.—The Commis-sion shall select a Chair and Vice Chair from among its members. (e) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. (2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its initial meeting. (3) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (f) D
UTIES .— (1) S
TUDY ON MILITARY AVIATION SAFETY .— The Commission shall undertake a com-prehensive study of United States military aviation mishaps that occurred between fis-cal years 2013 and 2018 in order— (A) to assess the rates of military aviation mishaps between fiscal years 2013 and 2018 compared to historic aviation mishap rates; (B) to make an assessment of the under-lying causes contributing to the unexplained physiological effects; (C) to make an assessment of causes con-tributing to delays in aviation maintenance and limiting operational availability of air-craft; (D) to make an assessment of the causes contributing to military aviation mishaps; and (E) to make recommendations on the modifications, if any, of safety, training, maintenance, personnel, or other policies re-lated to military aviation safety. (2) REPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit to the Presi-dent and the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth a detailed state-ment of the findings and conclusions of the Commission as a result of the study required by paragraph (1), together with the rec-ommendations of the Commission for such legislative and administrative actions as the Commission considers appropriate in light of the results of the study. (g) P
OWERS .— (1) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under this subtitle. (2) I
NFORMATION FROM DEPARTMENT .—The Commission may secure directly from any element of the Department of Defense such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Upon request of the Chair of the Commission, the head of such element shall furnish such information to the Commission. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report required under subsection (f)(2). (i) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of Defense should take every immediate action to make necessary repairs to aviation systems and increase pilot training and proficiency without as-suming additional risk to flight safety; and (2) this Act and the Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019 should be enacted into law by not later than October 1, 2018, at the maximum amount permitted by the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115- 23) without being conditioned on any other issue and without regard to any issue or dif-ference of opinion. 
SEC. 1079. TARGET PRACTICE AND MARKSMAN-SHIP TRAINING SUPPORT. 
(a) F INDINGS ; PURPOSE .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the use of firearms and archery equip-ment for target practice and marksmanship training activities on Federal land is al-lowed, except to the extent specific portions of that land have been closed to those activi-ties; (B) in recent years preceding the date of enactment of this section, portions of Fed-eral land have been closed to target practice and marksmanship training for many rea-sons; (C) the availability of public target ranges on non-Federal land has been declining for a variety of reasons, including continued popu-lation growth and development near former ranges; (D) providing opportunities for target prac-tice and marksmanship training at public target ranges on Federal and non-Federal land can help— (i) to promote enjoyment of shooting, rec-reational, and hunting activities; and (ii) to ensure safe and convenient locations for those activities; (E) Federal law in effect on the date of en-actment of this section, including the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.), provides Federal support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4438 May 22, 2018 
for construction and expansion of public tar-get ranges by making available to States amounts that may be used for construction, operation, and maintenance of public target ranges; and (F) it is in the public interest to provide increased Federal support to facilitate the construction or expansion of public target ranges. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to facilitate the construction and expan-sion of public target ranges, including ranges on Federal land managed by the Forest Serv-ice and the Bureau of Land Management. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO PITTMAN -ROBERTSON  W
ILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the term ‘public target range’ means a specific location that— ‘‘(A) is identified by a governmental agen-cy for recreational shooting; ‘‘(B) is open to the public; ‘‘(C) may be supervised; and ‘‘(D) may accommodate archery or rifle, pistol, or shotgun shooting;’’. (2) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  
WILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .—Section 8(b) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Res-toration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) Each State’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  W
ILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each State’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘construction, operation,’’ and in-serting ‘‘operation’’; (C) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The non-Federal share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share’’; (D) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary’’; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the lim-itation described in paragraph (1), a State may pay up to 90 percent of the cost of ac-quiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range.’’. (3) F
IREARM AND BOW HUNTER EDUCATION  
AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS .—Section 10 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–1) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS .— Of the amount apportioned to a State for any fiscal year under section 4(b), the State may elect to allocate not more than 10 per-cent, to be combined with the amount appor-tioned to the State under paragraph (1) for that fiscal year, for acquiring land for, ex-panding, or constructing a public target range.’’; (B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) C
OSTSHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant under this section shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the activity. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC TARGET RANGE CONSTRUCTION OR  
EXPANSION .—The Federal share of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or con-structing a public target range in a State on Federal or non-Federal land pursuant to this section or section 8(b) shall not exceed 90 percent of the cost of the activity.’’; and (C) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), amounts made’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Amounts provided for ac-quiring land for, constructing, or expanding a public target range shall remain available for expenditure and obligation during the 5- fiscal-year period beginning on October 1 of the first fiscal year for which the amounts are made available.’’. (c) L
IMITS ON LIABILITY .— (1) D
ISCRETIONARY FUNCTION .—For purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), any action by an agent or em-ployee of the United States to manage or allow the use of Federal land for purposes of target practice or marksmanship training by a member of the public shall be considered to be the exercise or performance of a discre-tionary function. (2) C
IVIL ACTION OR CLAIMS .—Except to the extent provided in chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, the United States shall not be subject to any civil action or claim for money damages for any injury to or loss of property, personal injury, or death caused by an activity occurring at a public target range that is— (A) funded in whole or in part by the Fed-eral Government pursuant to the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.); or (B) located on Federal land. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CO-
OPERATION .—It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws and regula-tions, the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bureau of Land Management should cooperate with State and local au-thorities and other entities to carry out waste removal and other activities on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for tar-get practice or marksmanship training. (e) D
EFINITION OF PUBLIC TARGET RANGE .— In this section, the term ‘‘public target range’’ means a specific location that— (1) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; (2) is open to the public; (3) may be supervised; and (4) may accommodate archery or rifle, pis-tol, or shotgun shooting. 
SEC. 1080. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ADVERSARY AIR CAPABILITIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that each facil-ity of the Department of Defense housing an F–22 aircraft squadron should have adversary air capabilities to improve the training of F– 22 aircrews. 
SEC. 1081. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING OR-GANIC ATTACK AVIATOR TRAINING CAPABILITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) retaining attack rotary wing aviation assets in the Army National Guard continues to be important; (2) the National Guard should retain or-ganic attack aviation training capacity; and (3) the Western and Eastern Army Aviation Training Sites have proven invaluable in maintaining Army National Guard aviation readiness. 
SEC. 1082. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE LEGACY, CONTRIBUTIONS, AND SACRIFICES OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVES IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States celebrates Native American History Month each November to recognize and honor the history and achieve-ments of Native Americans. (2) American Indian and Alaska Natives serve in all branches of the Armed Forces, attend all service academies, and defend our country with valiance, pride, and honor. (3) More than 30,000 active duty, reserve, and National Guard members of the Armed Forces identify as Native American. (4) American Indian and Alaska Natives have served and continue to serve in the highest proportions to population than any other ethnic group. (5) American Indian and Alaska Natives have served in every war, from the Revolu-tionary War to current overseas conflicts. (6) Native American veterans are Congres-sional Medal of Honor, Congressional Gold and Silver Medals, Purple Heart, and Bronze Star Medal recipients. (7) American Indian and Alaska Native women serve in Armed Forces in higher pro-portions than any other ethnic group. (8) Native American Code Talkers and their languages proved an invaluable asset during World Wars I and II. (9) Ira Hayes, Akimel O’odham (Pima) helped to raise the American flag on Iwo Jima; (10) Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, Apsa ´alooke (Crow), served in WWII and became a war chief. (11) Numerous present and past military aircraft, helicopters, and munitions pro-grams bear the names of Native American tribes and tribal leaders to honor their leg-acy of martial prowess, including the Apache, Kiowa, Black Hawk, Lakota, Chi-nook, Huron, Iroquois, Comanche, Cayuse, Chickasaw, Ute, Gray Eagle, Mescalero, Tomahawk, and more. (12) Native American tribes commonly take part in ceremonies alongside military units to bless new aircraft and mark success-ful inception of new fleets. (13) More than 140,000 veterans across the United States identify as Native American. (14) Each November, the Department of De-fense honors the unique and special relation-ship with tribal communities during Native American Heritage Month. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that Congress— (1) recognizes and honors the legacy and contributions of American Indian and Alaska Natives and tribal communities to the mili-tary of the United States; and (2) commits to ensuring progress for Amer-ican Indian and Alaska Native members of the Armed Forces and veterans with regard to representation in senior military leader-ship positions, improving access to cul-turally competent resources and services, and supporting families and tribal commu-nities. 
SEC. 1083. AMATEUR RADIO PARITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) More than 730,000 radio amateurs in the United States are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission in the amateur radio services. (2) Amateur radio, at no cost to taxpayers, provides a fertile ground for technical self- training in modern telecommunications, electronics technology, and emergency com-munications techniques and protocols. (3) There is a strong Federal interest in the effective performance of amateur stations established at the residences of licensees. Such stations have been shown to be fre-quently and increasingly precluded by unrea-sonable private land use restrictions, includ-ing restrictive covenants. (4) Federal Communications Commission regulations have for three decades prohibited the application to stations in the amateur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4439 May 22, 2018 
service of State and local regulations that preclude or fail to reasonably accommodate amateur service communications, or that do not constitute the minimum practicable reg-ulation to accomplish a legitimate State or local purpose. Commission policy has been and is to require States and localities to per-mit erection of a station antenna structure at heights and dimensions sufficient to ac-commodate amateur service communica-tions. (5) The Commission has sought guidance and direction from Congress with respect to the application of the Commission’s limited preemption policy regarding amateur service communications to private land use restric-tions, including restrictive covenants. (6) There are aesthetic and common prop-erty considerations that are uniquely appli-cable to private land use regulations and the community associations obligated to enforce covenants, conditions, and restrictions in deed-restricted communities. These consid-erations are dissimilar to those applicable to State law and local ordinances regulating the same residential amateur radio facili-ties. (7) In recognition of these considerations, a separate Federal policy than exists at sec-tion 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regu-lations, is warranted concerning amateur service communications in deed-restricted communities. (8) Community associations should fairly administer private land use regulations in the interest of their communities, while nev-ertheless permitting the installation and maintenance of effective outdoor amateur radio antennas. There exist antenna designs and installations that can be consistent with the aesthetics and physical characteristics of land and structures in community associa-tions while accommodating communications in the amateur radio services. (b) A
PPLICATION OF PRIVATE LANDUSERE-
STRICTIONS TO AMATEUR STATIONS .— (1) A
MENDMENT OF FCC RULES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall amend section 97.15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, by adding a new paragraph that prohibits the application to amateur stations of any private land use restriction, including a restrictive covenant, that— (A) on its face or as applied, precludes com-munications in an amateur radio service; (B) fails to permit a licensee in an amateur radio service to install and maintain an ef-fective outdoor antenna on property under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; or (C) does not constitute the minimum prac-ticable restriction on such communications to accomplish the lawful purposes of a com-munity association seeking to enforce such restriction. (2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In amend-ing its rules as required by subsection (a), the Commission shall— (A) require any licensee in an amateur radio service to notify and obtain prior ap-proval from a community association con-cerning installation of an outdoor antenna; (B) permit a community association to prohibit installation of any antenna or an-tenna support structure by a licensee in an amateur radio service on common property not under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; and (C) subject to the standards specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), per-mit a community association to establish reasonable written rules concerning height, location, size, and aesthetic impact of, and installation requirements for, outdoor anten-nas and support structures for the purpose of conducting communications in the amateur radio services. (c) AFFIRMATION OF LIMITED PREEMPTION OF  S
TATE AND LOCAL LAND USEREGULATION .— The Federal Communications Commission may not change section 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, which shall re-main applicable to State and local land use regulation of amateur service communica-tions. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘community association’’ means any non-profit mandatory member-ship organization composed of owners of real estate described in a declaration of cov-enants or created pursuant to a covenant or other applicable law with respect to which a person, by virtue of the person’s ownership of or interest in a unit or parcel, is obligated to pay for a share of real estate taxes, insur-ance premiums, maintenance, improvement, services, or other expenses related to com-mon elements, other units, or any other real estate other than the unit or parcel de-scribed in the declaration. (2) The terms ‘‘amateur radio services’’, ‘‘amateur service’’, and ‘‘amateur station’’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 97.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SEC. 1084. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE INTERNATIONAL BORDERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) gaining and maintaining situational awareness and operational control of the international borders of the United States is critical to national security; (2) the United States Government must de-vote adequate resources to securing the bor-der, both at, and between, ports of entry, and the agency tasked with that mission, the De-partment of Homeland Security, should be adequately resourced to conduct such mis-sion; and (3) the Department of Defense must ensure that when it acts in support of that mission, such as when mobilized by the President to conduct homeland defense activities, or when military facilities are adjacent to an international border of the United States, it has adequate resources, capabilities, and au-thorities to carry out the mission while maintaining combat readiness. 
SEC. 1085. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) C OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Defense shall con-duct a program to commemorate the 75th an-niversary of World War II. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall support and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and not-for- profit organizations in commemoration of the 75th anniversary of World War II. (b) C
OMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJEC-
TIVES .—The commemorative program may include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: (1) To thank and honor veterans of World War II, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in ac-tion, for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. (2) To educate the public about the history of World War II and highlight the service of the Armed Forces during World War II and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. (3) To pay tribute to the contributions made on the home front by the people of the United States during World War II. (4) To recognize the contributions and sac-rifices made by the allies of the United States during World War II. (c) NAMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary of Defense shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
OMMEMORATIVE FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— Upon the Secretary establishing the com-memorative program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. (2) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the assets of the Fund only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program and providing grants to State and local governments and not-for-profit organi-zations for commemorative activities, and shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary. (3) D
EPOSITS .—The following shall be de-posited into the Fund: (A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the Secretary’s use of the exclusive rights described in sub-section (c). (C) Donations made in support of the com-memorative program by private and cor-porate donors. (D) Funds transferred to the Fund by the Secretary from funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for the De-partment of Defense. (4) A
VAILABILITY .—Subject to subsection (f)(2), amounts deposited under paragraph (3) shall constitute the assets of the Fund and remain available until expended. (5) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the Secretary establishes the separate budget line, the Secretary shall— (A) identify and explain any amounts ex-pended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; (B) identify and explain the amounts being requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget re-quest; and (C) present a summary of the fiscal status of the Fund. (e) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not- withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemo-rative program. The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the solicitation of any vol-untary services if the nature or cir-cumstances of such solicitation would com-promise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any individual involved in the program. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX -
PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for re-imbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for re-imbursement under this paragraph. (f) F
INAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the commemorative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4440 May 22, 2018 
program established by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Fund; (B) any other funds expended under this section; and (C) any unobligated funds remaining in the Fund. (2) T
REATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— Unobligated amounts remaining in the Fund as of the end of the commemorative period shall be held in the Fund until transferred by law. (g) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total expenditures from the Fund, using amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense, may not exceed $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 or for any subsequent fiscal year to carry out the commemorative program. (h) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for oper-ation and maintenance, Defense-wide activi-ties, $2,000,000 shall be available for deposit in the Fund. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR CER-TAIN COMPETITIVE SERVICE POSI-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 99 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9905. Direct hire authority for certain per-sonnel of the Department of Defense ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 (other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such chapter), qualified candidates to any of the following positions in the competitive serv-ice in the Department of Defense: ‘‘(1) Any position involved with Depart-ment maintenance activities, including depot-level maintenance and repair. ‘‘(2) Any position involved with cybersecu-rity. ‘‘(3) Any individual in the acquisition workforce that manages any services con-tracts necessary to the operation and main-tenance of programs of the Department. ‘‘(4) Any science, technology, or engineer-ing position, including any such position at the Major Range and Test Facilities Base, in order to allow development of new systems and provide for the maintenance of legacy systems. ‘‘(b) S
UNSET .—Effective on September 30, 2025, the authority provided under subsection (a) shall expire.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 99 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 9904 the following new item: ‘‘9905. Direct hire authority for certain per-sonnel of the Department of De-fense.’’. 
SEC. 1102. MODIFICATION OF DIRECT HIRE AU-THORITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR POST-SECONDARY STUDENTS AND RECENT GRAD-UATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 99 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by section 1101(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9906. Direct hire authority for the Depart-ment of Defense for post-secondary stu-dents and recent graduates ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Without regard to sec-tions 3309 through 3318, 3327, and 3330, the Secretary of Defense may recruit and ap-point qualified recent graduates and current post-secondary students to competitive serv-ice positions in professional and administra-tive occupations within the Department of Defense. ‘‘(b) REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister this section in accordance with reg-ulations prescribed by the Secretary for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .—To the extent practical, as determined by the Secretary, the Secretary shall publicly ad-vertise positions available under this sec-tion. In carrying out the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) take into account merit system prin-ciples, mission requirements, costs, and or-ganizational benefits of any advertising of positions; and ‘‘(B) advertise such positions in the man-ner the Secretary determines is most likely to provide diverse and qualified candidates and ensure potential applicants have appro-priate information relevant to the positions available. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘current post-secondary stu-dent’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) is currently enrolled in, and in good academic standing at, a full-time program at an institution of higher education; ‘‘(B) is making satisfactory progress to-ward receipt of a baccalaureate or graduate degree; and ‘‘(C) has completed at least one year of the program; ‘‘(2) the term ‘institution of higher edu-cation’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001); and ‘‘(3) the term ‘recent graduate’, with re-spect to appointment of a person under this section, means a person who was awarded a degree by an institution of higher education not more than two years before the date of the appointment of such person, except that in the case of a person who has completed a period of obligated service in a uniformed service of more than four years, such term means a person who was awarded a degree by an institution of higher education not more than four years before the date of the ap-pointment of such person. ‘‘(d) S
UNSET .—Effective on September 30, 2025, the authority provided under this sec-tion shall expire.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 99 of such title, as amended by section 1101(b), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 9905 the following new item: ‘‘9906. Direct hire authority for the Depart-ment of Defense for post-sec-ondary students and recent graduates.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is repealed. 
SEC. 1103. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME RATE AU-THORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POW-ERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1104. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION AND EXPAN-SION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE AN-NUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1101(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. (b) APPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA -
TION ON PAY.—Section 1101(b) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA -
TION ON PAY.—In applying section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, any payment in addition to basic pay for a period of time during which a waiver under subsection (a) is in effect shall not be counted as part of an employee’s aggregate compensation for the given calendar year.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 1105. APPOINTMENT OF RETIRED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO POSI-TIONS IN OR UNDER THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During fiscal years 2018 through 2021, in addition to the authority provided under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of section 3326 of title 5, United States Code, and consistent with the require-ments of such section, a retired member of the armed forces may be appointed under such subsection if— (1) the Department of Defense (including a nonappropriated fund instrumentality under the jurisdiction of the armed forces) has been granted direct hire authority to fill the posi-tion; (2) the appointment is to fill an emergency appointment for which the Secretary con-cerned or his designee for the purpose deter-mines competitive appointment is not appro-priate or reasonable due to the need to fill the emergency need as quickly as possible; or (3) the appointment is for a highly quali-fied expert under section 9903 of such title. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives in-cluding— (1) with respect to the waiver process under section 3326(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code— (A) the number of individuals appointed during the most recently ended fiscal year under such process; and (B) the Department of Defense’s plan on the use of such process during the fiscal year in which the briefing is provided; (2) the number of individuals— (A) appointed under the authority provided by subsection (a) during the most recently ended fiscal year; and (B) expected to be appointed under such subsection during the fiscal year in which the briefing is provided; and (3) the impact of subsection (a) on the management of the Department civilian workforce during the most recently ended fiscal year. 
SEC. 1106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-DUCT TELEWORK TRAVEL EX-PENSES TEST PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5711(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘7 years after the date of the enactment of the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘on December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as though enacted on December 1, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4441 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 1107. PERSONNEL DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS. 
Section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not more than 10 active demonstration projects may be in effect at any time. ‘‘(B) Any demonstration project authorized under this section that is active for a period greater than 10 years shall not count for pur-poses of applying the limitation in subpara-graph (A).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) Each agency at which a demonstration project is ongoing shall submit an annual re-port to the Office of Personnel Management, the Office and Management and Budget, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the United States Sen-ate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the United States House of Representatives that includes— ‘‘(1) the aggregate performance appraisal ratings and compensation costs for employ-ees under a demonstration project; ‘‘(2) an assessment of the results of the demonstration project, including its impact on mission goals, employee recruitment, re-tention, and satisfaction, and which may in-clude the results of the survey authorized under section 1128 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Pub-lic Law 108–136; 5 U.S.C. 7101 note), com-monly referred to as the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, and performance manage-ment for employees; and ‘‘(3) a comparison of the items listed in (1) and (2) with employees not covered by the demonstration project.’’. 
SEC. 1108. EXPANDED FLEXIBILITY IN SELECTING CANDIDATES FROM REFERRAL LISTS. 
(a) E XPANDED FLEXIBILITY .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking sections 3317 and 3318 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 3317. Competitive service; certification using numerical ratings ‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management, or the head of an agency to which the Director has dele-gated examining authority under section 1104(a)(2), shall certify a sufficient number of names from the top of the appropriate reg-ister or list of eligibles, as determined pursu-ant to regulations prescribed under sub-section (c), and provide a certificate with such names to an appointing authority that has requested a certificate of eligibles to consider when filling a job in the competi-tive service. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF NAMES CER -
TIFIED .—Unless otherwise provided for in reg-ulations prescribed under subsection (c), the number of names certified under paragraph (1) shall be not less than three. ‘‘(b) D
ISCONTINUANCE OF CERTIFICATION .— When an appointing authority, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director or head of an agency, has three times considered and passed over a preference eligible who was certified from a register, the Director or head of any agency may discontinue certi-fying the preference eligible for appoint-ment. The Director or the head of an agency shall provide to such preference eligible no-tice of the intent to discontinue certifying such preference eligible prior to the dis-continuance of certification. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations for the administration of this section. Such regulations shall include the establishment of mechanisms for identi-fying the eligibles who will be considered for each vacancy. Such mechanisms may include cut-off scores. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘§ 3318. Competitive service; selections using numerical ratings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An appointing authority shall select for appointment from the eligi-bles certified for appointment on a certifi-cate furnished under section 3317(a), unless objection to one or more of the individuals certified is made to, and sustained by, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment or the head of an agency to which the Director has delegated examining authority under section 1104(a)(2), for proper and ade-quate reason under regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(b) O
THER APPOINTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During the 240-day pe-riod beginning on the date of issuance of a certificate of eligibles under section 3317(a), an appointing authority other than the ap-pointing authority requesting the certificate (in this subsection referred to as the ‘other appointing authority’) may select an indi-vidual from that certificate in accordance with this subsection for an appointment to a position that is— ‘‘(A) in the same occupational series as the position for which the certification of eligi-bles was issued (in this subsection referred to as the ‘original position’); and ‘‘(B) at a similar grade level as the original position. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—An appointing au-thority requesting a certificate of eligibles may share the certificate with another ap-pointing authority only if the announcement of the original position provided notice that the resulting list of eligible candidates may be used by another appointing authority. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The selection of an individual under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made in accordance with sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (4), may be made without any additional posting under section 3327. ‘‘(4) I
NTERNAL NOTICE .—Before selecting an individual under paragraph (1), the other ap-pointing authority shall— ‘‘(A) provide notice of the available posi-tion to employees of the other appointing authority; ‘‘(B) provide up to 10 business days for em-ployees of the other appointing authority to apply for the position; and ‘‘(C) review the qualifications of employees submitting an application. ‘‘(c) P
ASSOVER.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (2), if an appointing authority proposes to pass over a preference eligible certified for appointment under subsection (a) and select an individual who is not a preference eligi-ble, the appointing authority shall file writ-ten reasons with the Director or the head of the agency for passing over the preference el-igible. The Director or the head of the agen-cy shall make the reasons presented by the appointing authority part of the record of the preference eligible and may require the submission of more detailed information from the appointing authority in support of the passing over of the preference eligible. The Director or the head of the agency shall determine the sufficiency or insufficiency of the reasons submitted by the appointing au-thority, taking into account any response re-ceived from the preference eligible under paragraph (2). When the Director or the head of the agency has completed review of the proposed pass-over of the preference eligible, the Director or the head of the agency shall send its findings to the appointing authority and to the preference eligible. The appoint-ing authority shall comply with the findings. ‘‘(2) PREFERENCE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS WHO  
HAVE A COMPENSABLE SERVICE -CONNECTED DIS -
ABILITY .—In the case of a preference eligible described in section 2108(3)(C) who has a com-pensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more, the appointing authority shall notify the Director under paragraph (1) and, at the same time, notify the preference eligible of the proposed pass-over, of the rea-sons for the proposed pass-over, and of the individual’s right to respond to those reasons to the Director within 15 days of the date of the notification. The Director shall, before completing the review under paragraph (1), require a demonstration by the appointing authority that the notification was timely sent to the preference eligible’s last known address. ‘‘(3) F
URTHER CONSIDERATION NOT RE -
QUIRED .—When a preference eligible, for rea-sons considered sufficient by the Director, or in the case of a preference eligible described in paragraph (1), by the head of an agency, has been passed over in accordance with this subsection for the same position, the ap-pointing authority is not required to give further consideration to that preference eli-gible while selecting from the same list for a subsequent appointment to such position. ‘‘(4) D
ELEGATION PROHIBITION .—In the case of a preference eligible described in para-graph (2), the functions of the Director under this subsection may not be delegated to an individual who is not an officer or employee of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE REGARDING REEMPLOY -
MENT LISTS.—When the names of preference eligibles are on a reemployment list appro-priate for the position to be filled, an ap-pointing authority may appoint from a reg-ister of eligibles established after examina-tion only an individual who qualifies as a preference eligible under subparagraph (C), (D), (E), (F), or (G) of section 2108(3). ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION NOTREQUIRED .—In ac- cordance with regulations prescribed by the Director, an appointing officer is not re-quired to consider an eligible who has been considered by the appointing officer for three separate appointments from the same or different certificates for the same posi-tion. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations for the administration of this section. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sub-chapter is further amended— (1) in section 3319— (A) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3319. Competitive service; selection using category rating’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (6), redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6), and amending paragraph (6) (as so redes-ignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) P
REFERENCE ELIGIBLES .— ‘‘(A) S
ATISFACTION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), an appointing official may not pass over a preference eligible in the same category from which selection is made, unless the re-quirements of sections 3317(b) and 3318(c), as applicable, are satisfied. ‘‘(B) F
URTHER CONSIDERATION NOT RE -
QUIRED .—When a preference eligible, for rea-sons considered sufficient by the Director, or in the case of a preference eligible described in section 3318(c)(1), by the head of an agen-cy, has been passed over in accordance with section 3318(c) for the same position, the ap-pointing authority is not required to give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4442 May 22, 2018 
further consideration to that preference eli-gible while selecting from the same list for a subsequent appointment to such position. ‘‘(C) L
IST OF ELIGIBLES ISSUED FROM A  
STANDING REGISTER ; DISCONTINUATION OF CER -
TIFICATION .—In the case of lists of eligibles issued from a standing register, when an ap-pointing authority, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director or the head of an agency, has three times considered and passed over a preference eligible who was certified from a register, certification of the preference eligible for appointment may be discontinued. However, the preference eligi-ble is entitled to advance notice of dis-continuance of certification in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Direc-tor.’’; and (2) in the first sentence of section 3320, by striking ‘‘sections 3308–3318’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 3308 through 3319’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3317, 3318, and 3319 and inserting the following: ‘‘3317. Competitive service; certification using numerical ratings ‘‘3318. Competitive service; selection using numerical ratings ‘‘3319. Competitive service; selection using category rating’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management issues final regulations to im-plement sections 3317, 3318, and 3319 of title 5, United States Code, as amended or added by this section. (2) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Director shall issue regulations under paragraph (1) not later than one year after the date of en-actment of this section. 
SEC. 1109. TEMPORARY AND TERM APPOINT-MENTS IN THE COMPETITIVE SERV-ICE. 
(a) T EMPORARY AND TERMAPPOINTMENTS .— Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Temporary and term appointments ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) T
EMPORARY APPOINTMENT .—The term ‘temporary appointment’ means an appoint-ment in the competitive service for a period of not more than 1 year. ‘‘(3) T
ERM APPOINTMENT .—The term ‘term appointment’ means an appointment in the competitive service for a period of more than 1 year and not more than 5 years. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an Executive agency may make a temporary appointment or term appointment to a position in the competitive service when the need for the services of the employee services is not per-manent. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION .—Under conditions pre-scribed by the Director, the head of an Exec-utive agency may— ‘‘(A) extend a temporary appointment made under paragraph (1) in increments of not more than 1 year, up to a maximum of 3 total years of service; and ‘‘(B) extend a term appointment made under paragraph (1) in increments deter-mined appropriate by the head of the Execu-tive agency, up to a maximum of 6 total years of service. ‘‘(c) A
PPOINTMENTS FOR CRITICAL HIRING  N
EEDS .—Under conditions prescribed by the Director, the head of an Executive agency may make a noncompetitive temporary ap-pointment, or a noncompetitive term ap-pointment for a period of not more than 18 months, to a position in the competitive service for which a critical hiring need ex-ists, without regard to the requirements of sections 3327 and 3330. An appointment made under this subsection may not be extended. ‘‘(d) REGULATIONS .—The Director may pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section, but is not required to promulgate regula-tions prior to implementation of this sec-tion. ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from making temporary and term appoint-ments in the competitive service pursuant to section 1105 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580; Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2447), and any regulations prescribed by the Director for the administration of this sec-tion shall not apply to the Secretary of De-fense in the exercise of the authorities grant-ed under such section 1105.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3114 the fol-lowing: . ‘‘3115. Temporary and term appointments’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. REPORT ON THE USE OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should utilize appropriate security coopera-tion authorities to counter malign influence campaigns that are directed at allied and partner countries and that pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States. (b) R
EPORT ON FUNDING .—The Secretary of Defense shall include with the consolidated budget materials submitted to Congress as required by section 381 of title 10, United States Code, for fiscal year 2020, and for each subsequent fiscal year through fiscal year 2025, a report on the use of security coopera-tion funding to counter the malign influence directed at allied and partner countries and that pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States. 
SEC. 1202. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE CERTAIN EXPENSES FOR AC-TIVITIES OF THE REGIONAL CEN-TERS FOR SECURITY STUDIES. 
Section 342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (f)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A) in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘, including travel, trans-portation, and subsistence expenses,’’ after ‘‘activities of the Regional Centers’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ‘‘, including travel, transportation, and subsist-ence expenses,’’ after ‘‘activities of the Re-gional Centers’’; (2) in subsection (h)(3)(A), by inserting ‘‘, including travel, transportation, and subsist-ence expenses,’’ after ‘‘Marshall Center’’; and (3) in subsection (i)(1), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding travel, transportation, and subsist-ence expenses,’’ after ‘‘Daniel K. Inouye Cen-ter for Security Studies’’. 
SEC. 1203. NATO STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS CENTER OF EXCELLENCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall provide funds for the NATO Stra-tegic Communications Center of Excellence (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Center’’) to— (1) enhance the ability of military forces and civilian personnel of the countries par-ticipating in the Center to engage in joint strategic communications exercises or coali-tion or international military operations; and (2) improve interoperability between the armed forces and the military forces of friendly foreign nations in the areas of stra-tegic communications. (b) CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the Secretary has assigned executive agent re-sponsibility for the Center to an appropriate organization within the Department of De-fense, and detail the steps being undertaken to strengthen the role of the Center in fos-tering strategic communications and infor-mation operations within NATO. (c) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall periodically brief the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the efforts of the Department of Defense to strengthen the role of the Center in fostering strategic com-munications and information operations within NATO. 
SEC. 1204. NATO COOPERATIVE CYBER DEFENSE CENTER OF EXCELLENCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall provide funds for the NATO Coop-erative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Center’’) to— (1) enhance the ability of military forces and civilian personnel of the countries par-ticipating in the Center to engage in joint cyber exercises or coalition or international military operations; and (2) improve interoperability between the armed forces and the military forces of friendly foreign countries in the areas of cyber and cybersecurity. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the Secretary has assigned executive agent re-sponsibilities for the Center to an appro-priate organization within the Department of Defense, and detail the steps being under-taken to strengthen the role of the Center in fostering cyber defense and cyber warfare ca-pabilities within NATO. (c) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall periodically brief the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the efforts of the Department of Defense to strengthen the role of the Center in fostering cyber defense and cyber warfare capabilities within NATO. 
SEC. 1205. PARTICIPATION IN AND SUPPORT OF THE INTER-AMERICAN DEFENSE COLLEGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 351. Inter-American Defense College ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO SUPPORT .—The Sec-retary of Defense may authorize members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense to participate in the operation of and the provision of support to the Inter-American Defense College and provide logistic support, supplies, and serv-ices to the Inter-American Defense College, including the use of Department of Defense facilities and equipment, as the Secretary considers necessary to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4443 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(1) assist the Inter-American Defense Col-lege in its mission to develop and offer to military officers and civilian officials from member states of the Organization of Amer-ican States advanced academic courses on matters related to military and defense issues, the inter-American system, and re-lated disciplines; and ‘‘(2) ensure that the Inter-American De-fense College provides an academic program of a level of quality, rigor, and credibility that is commensurate with the standards of Department of Defense senior service col-leges and that includes the promotion of se-curity cooperation, human rights, humani-tarian assistance and disaster response, peacekeeping, and democracy in the Western Hemisphere. ‘‘(b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—(1) The Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Inter-American Defense Board for the participation of members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense in the operation of and provision of host nation support to the Inter-American Defense College under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) If Department of Defense facilities, equipment, or funds will be used to support the Inter-American Defense College under subsection (a), a memorandum of under-standing entered into under paragraph (1) shall include a description of any cost-shar-ing arrangement or other funding arrange-ment relating to the use of such facilities, equipment, or funds. ‘‘(3) A memorandum of understanding en-tered into under paragraph (1) shall also in-clude a curriculum and a plan for academic program development. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(1) Funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to pay costs that the Secretary determines are necessary for the participation of members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense in the operation of and provision of host nation support to the Inter-American Defense College, including— ‘‘(A) the costs of expenses of such partici-pants; ‘‘(B) the cost of hiring and retaining quali-fied professors, instructors, and lecturers; ‘‘(C) curriculum support costs, including administrative costs, academic outreach, and curriculum support personnel; ‘‘(D) the cost of translation and interpreta-tion services; ‘‘(E) the cost of information and edu-cational technology; ‘‘(F) the cost of utilities; and ‘‘(G) the cost of maintenance and repair of facilities. ‘‘(2) No funds may be used under this sec-tion to provide for the pay of members of the armed forces or civilian personnel of the De-partment of Defense who participate in the operation of and the provision of host nation support to the Inter-American Defense Col-lege under this section. ‘‘(3) Funds available to carry out this sec-tion for a fiscal year may be used for activi-ties that begin in such fiscal year and end in the next fiscal year. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER OF REIMBURSEMENT .—The Sec- retary of Defense may waive reimbursement for developing countries (as such term is de-fined in section 301 of this title) of the costs of funding and other host nation support pro-vided to the Inter-American Defense College under this section if the Secretary deter-mines that the provision of such funding or support without reimbursement is in the na-tional security interest of the United States. ‘‘(e) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , S UPPLIES , AND S
ERVICES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘logistic support, supplies, and services’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350 of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 351. Inter-American Defense College.’’. 
SEC. 1206. INCREASE IN COST LIMITATION FOR SMALL SCALE CONSTRUCTION RE-LATED TO SECURITY COOPERATION. 
Section 301(8) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1207. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION WITH HAITI. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress (as such term is de-fined in section 301 of title 10, United States Code) a report on cooperation between the Department of Defense and the Government of Haiti. 
SEC. 1208. REVIEW AND REPORT ON PROCESSES AND PROCEDURES USED TO CARRY OUT SECTION 362 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall conduct a review of the proc-esses and procedures used to carry out sec-tion 362 of title 10, United States Code. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a summary and eval-uation of the review required by subsection (a). (2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required by this subsection shall include the following: (A) A description of the procedures used to obtain and verify information regarding the vetting of partner units for gross violation of human rights required under section 362 of title 10, United States Code. (B) A description of the procedures re-quired under subsection (d) of such section 362. (C) A description of the procedures used to conduct remediation of units for determined or alleged of gross violation of human rights. (D) A list of units completing the process of remediation for gross violation of human rights as described in subparagraph (C). (E) A summary of reports submitted to Congress as required under subsection (e) of such section 362. (F) An analysis of the impact of such sec-tion 362 to achieving the objectives of the National Defense Strategy. (G) A description of the processes and pro-cedures used to implement section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3538), to include the process of obtaining the concurrence of the Secretary of State, as re-quired under subsection (c)(1) of such sec-tion. (H) Recommendations to revise authorities to improve the processes and procedures re-lated to the vetting of foreign partner units for gross violations of human rights. (I) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (c) AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING LAW.—(1) Paragraph (1) of section 362(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘none may be used for any training, equipment, or other assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘none may be used for any training, defense articles, or defense serv-ices’’. (2) Subsection (b)(3) of section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (b) of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1204(a) of this Act)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b) of section 362 of title 10, United States Code’’. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION OF EXPIRATION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most re-cently amended by section 1211 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1648), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section 1222, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIM-BURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALI-TION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PRO-VIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most re-cently amended by section 1212 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1648), is further amended by striking ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATIONS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section 1233, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and end-ing on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2018, and end-ing on December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘to Pakistan during’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘to Pakistan during the period beginning on October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS  W
ITHRESPECT TO PAKISTAN .— (1) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE -
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  
SUPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (2) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4444 May 22, 2018 
PAKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as most recently amended by section 1212(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, is further amended by striking ‘‘for any period prior to December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for any period prior to December 31, 2019’’. (3) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reim-bursements and support authorized for Paki-stan during fiscal year 2019 pursuant to the second sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)), $350,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that— (A) Pakistan continues to conduct military operations that are contributing to signifi-cantly disrupting the safe havens, fund-raising and recruiting efforts, and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Network in Paki-stan; (B) Pakistan has taken steps to dem-onstrate its commitment to prevent the Haqqani Network from using any Pakistan territory as a safe haven and for fundraising and recruiting efforts; (C) the Government of Pakistan is making an attempt to actively coordinate with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as the Haqqani Network, along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border; and (D) Pakistan has shown progress in arrest-ing and prosecuting senior leaders and mid- level operatives of the Haqqani Network. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1201 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2477), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 1211 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2477) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDSYRIA’’ and inserting ‘‘S
YRIA, SOMALIA , LIBYA, AND Y
EMEN ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘Syria, Somalia, Libya, or Yemen’’. 
SEC. 1214. REPORT ON ASSISTANCE TO PAKI-STAN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees an unclassified report, which may include a classified annex, de-scribing the manner in which the Depart-ment of Defense provides assistance to the Government of Pakistan. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran SEC. 1221. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as most recently amended by sec-tion 1222 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1690), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such sec-tion, as so amended, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$850,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE ASSISTANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), as most recently amended by sec-tion 1223 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1653), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) R
EPROGRAMMING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion 1209, as most recently amended by sec-tion 1221 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (2) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS .—Be- ginning on the date of the enactment of this section, no funds may be requested to be re-programmed pursuant to such subsection (f), as amended by paragraph (1), until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the congressional de-fense committees a plan that includes the following: (A) A description of the efforts the United States will undertake to train and build ap-propriately vetted Syrian opposition forces. (B) An assessment of the nature of the forces receiving such assistance, including the origins and affiliations of such forces and any previous history of collaboration with the Syrian Democratic Forces. (C) An assessment of the current oper-ational effectiveness of such forces. (D) The conditions to be met for a deter-mination that ISIS has been adequately neu-tralized. (E) A description of the roles and contribu-tions of partner countries to such assistance, if any. (F) The concept of operations, timelines, and types of training, equipment, stipends, sustainment, and supplies to be provided by the United States, including measures for end-use accountability with respect to re-sources, equipment, and supplies after the resources, equipment, and supplies are pro-vided to such forces. (G) A description of the force posture and roles of the United States Armed Forces in-volved in providing such assistance. (3) F
ORM.—The plan described in paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1631; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1224 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1654), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) LIMITATION ON AMOUNT .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ ; and (2) by striking ‘‘$42,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$45,000,000’’. (c) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 1224. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BALLISTIC MISSILE COOPERATION TO COUNTER IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) At the 2014 Strategic Cooperation Forum in New York of the Gulf Cooperation Council, the Foreign Ministers of member countries agreed in a Joint Communique to ‘‘[e]nhance GCC-US security coordination, particularly on Ballistic Missile Defense, by continuing to move forward on development of a Gulf-Wide, interoperable missile defense architecture.’’. (2) At the 2015 Strategic Cooperation Forum in New York, the Foreign Ministers issued a Joint Communique that ‘‘reaffirmed commitment to. . .establishing a GCC inter-operable ballistic missile defense architec-ture’’. (3) The White House Office of the Press Secretary released a statement on May 14, 2015, that at the 2015 United States—GCC Summit at Camp David, ‘‘leaders discussed a new U.S.-GCC strategic partnership to en-hance their work to improve security co-operation on. . . ballistic missile defense’’. (4) The White House Office of the Press Secretary subsequently released a statement on April 21, 2016, that at the 2016 United States—GCC Summit at Riyadh, ‘‘leaders af-firmed need to remain vigilant about ad-dressing Iran’s destabilizing actions in the region, including its ballistic missile pro-gram’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) member countries of the Gulf Coopera-tion Council should take meaningful steps to develop and implement an interoperable bal-listic missile defense architecture to defend against Iran’s ballistic missile threat that emphasizes information sharing and includes early warning and tracking data, to enhance the security of citizens, protect critical in-frastructure, and deter Iran; and (2) the United States should continue bilat-eral and multilateral missile defense exer-cises in the region and, when practicable, in-crease the capacity of United States partners through foreign military sales. 
SEC. 1225. STRATEGY TO COUNTER DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES OF IRAN. 
(a) S TRATEGY AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to develop and imple-ment a strategy with foreign partners to counter the destabilizing activities of Iran. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy described in paragraph (1)— (A) should establish a cooperative frame-work that includes— (i) investing in intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance platforms; (ii) investing in mine countermeasures re-sources and platforms; (iii) investing in integrated air and missile defense platforms and technologies; (iv) sharing intelligence and data with United States and such foreign countries; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4445 May 22, 2018 
(v) investing in cyber security and cyber defense capabilities; (vi) engaging in combined planning; and (vii) engaging in defense education, insti-tution building, doctrinal development, and reform; and (B) should provide for designation of a ci-vilian or military officer or employee of the Department of Defense and designation of a senior employee of the Department of State to implement the cooperative framework de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (b) M
ULTILATERAL COORDINATION .—To en- hance cooperation and encourage military- to-military engagement between the United States and foreign partners described in sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State should take appropriate actions to ensure that exchanges between senior military officers and senior civilian defense officials of the governments of such foreign partners— (1) are at a level appropriate to enhance engagement between the militaries of such partners for threat analysis, military doc-trine, force planning, mutual security inter-ests, logistical support, and intelligence co-operation; (2) enhance security cooperation, including maritime security, special operations col-laboration, cyber cooperation, and inte-grated air and missile defense and domain awareness, in the Middle East and Southwest Asia regions; and (3) accelerate the development of combined military planning for missions to counter Iran that may arise within the contours of shared national security interests. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, should sub-mit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on— (1) the strategy described in subsection (a), including a description of contributions of foreign partners to the strategy; and (2) the actions taken under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1226. REPORT ON COMPLIANCE OF IRAN UNDER THE CHEMICAL WEAPONS CONVENTION. 
(a) F INDING .—In the annual report sub-mitted to Congress in March 2018, consistent with condition (10)(C) of the Resolution of Advice and Consent to Ratification of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Devel-opment, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction (‘‘Chemical Weapons Convention’’), entered into force on April 29, 1997, the Secretary of State concluded that ‘‘(b)ased on available information, the United States cannot cer-tify Iran has met its obligations under the Convention for declaration of: (1) its chem-ical weapons production facility (CWPF); (2) transfer of chemical weapons (CW); and (3) retention of an undeclared CW stockpile’’. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port assessing the extent to which Iran is complying with its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention that includes the following: (1) A description, assessment, and verification, to the extent practicable, of any credible information that Iran has as-sisted the Government of Syria in commit-ting actions that violate such treaty. (2) A description of any dual-use tech-nologies that could advance Iran’s capability to produce chemical weapons for offensive use. (3) The implications of any activities or technologies described pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (2) for Iran’s compliance with other international obligations relating to nonproliferation. (4) Any other matters the Secretaries de-termines to be relevant. (c) FORM.—The report required under sub-section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1227. REPORT ON POTENTIAL RELEASE OF CHEMICAL WEAPONS OR CHEMICAL WEAPONS PRECURSORS FROM BARZEH RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT CENTER AND HIM SHINSHAR CHEMICAL WEAPONS STORAGE AND BUNKER FACILITIES IN HOMS PROV-INCE OF SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains a review and analysis of the potential for release of chemical weapons or chemical weapons precursors from the Barzeh Research and Development Center and the Him Shinshar chemical weapons storage and bunker facilities in Homs prov-ince of Syria that were targets of strikes by the United States and partner forces on April 13, 2018. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO REVIEW AND  A
NALYSIS .—The review and analysis de-scribed in subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The methodology the Secretary of De-fense used prior to such strikes to determine the likelihood of a release of chemical weap-ons or chemical weapons precursors affecting local residents. (2) The methodology the Secretary of De-fense used prior to such strikes to determine the potential for chemical agents to enter into the aquifer, air, soil, or other aspects of the environment. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1228. REPORT ON COOPERATION BETWEEN IRAN AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on co-operation between Iran and the Russian Fed-eration and the extent to which such co-operation affects United States national se-curity and strategic interests, particularly with respect to Syria. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: — (1) A detailed description of Iranian-Rus-sian cooperation on matters relating to Syria, including the following: (A) Mutual defense assistance to the Assad regime. (B) Establishment of forward operating bases in Syria. (C) Deployment of air defense systems. (D) Assistance to Assad’s chemical weap-ons program, including research, develop-ment, and deployment of such weapons. (2) A detailed description of Iranian-Rus-sian cooperation on matters relating to Iran’s space program, including how and to what extent such cooperation strengthens Iran’s ballistic missile program. (3) A description and analysis of the intel-ligence-sharing center established by Iran, Russia, and Syria in Baghdad, Iraq, and whether such center is being used for pur-poses other than the purposes of the joint mission of such countries in Syria. (4) A description and analysis of— (A) naval cooperation between Iran and Russia, including joint naval exercises be-tween the two countries; and (B) the long-term consequences of— (i) a robust Russian naval presence in the Eastern Mediterranean; (ii) an Iranian naval presence in the Per-sian Gulf; and (iii) Iranian and Russian naval strength in the Caspian Sea. (5) A description of nuclear cooperation be-tween Iran and Russia, both with respect to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and outside of the parameters of such nuclear agreement with Iran. (6) The likelihood that Iran might adopt the Russian model of hybrid warfare. (7) The extent of Russian cooperation with Hezbollah in Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq, in-cluding cooperation with respect to training, equipping, and joint operations. (c) FORM.—Each report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1231. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction on the obli-gation or expenditure of funds required by subsection (a) if the Secretary— (1) determines that to do so is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; and (2) submits a notification of the waiver, at the time the waiver is invoked, to the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1232. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO IMPLEMENTA-TION OF THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON ACTIVITIES TO MODIFY  U
NITED STATES AIRCRAFT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F), Aircraft Procurement, Air Force (line item C135B0/C-135B), or procure-ment, Air Force, for digital visual imaging system (BA-05, Line Item #1900) may be obli-gated or expended to carry out any activities to modify any United States aircraft for pur-poses of implementing the Open Skies Trea-ty until the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the certifi-cation described in paragraph (2). (2) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4446 May 22, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a certification of the President that— (i) the President has imposed treaty viola-tions responses and legal countermeasures on the Russian Federation for its violations of the Open Skies Treaty; and (ii) the President has fully informed the appropriate congressional committees of such responses and countermeasures. (B) D
ELEGATION .—The President may dele-gate the responsibility for making a certifi-cation under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary of the State. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO VOTE 
ORAPPROVE CERTAIN IMPLEMENTING DECI-
SIONS OF THE OPENSKIES CONSULTATIVE COM-
MISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 may be used to vote to ap-prove or otherwise adopt any implementing decision of the Open Skies Consultative Commission pursuant to Article X of the Open Skies Treaty to authorize approval of requests by state parties to the Treaty to certify infra-red or synthetic aperture radar sensors pursuant to Article IV of the Treaty unless and until the following requirements are met: (A) The Secretary of Defense, jointly with the relevant United States Government offi-cials, submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees the following: (i) A certification that the implementing decision would not be detrimental or other-wise harmful to the national security of the United States. (ii) A report on the Open Skies Treaty that includes the following: (I) The annual costs to the United States associated with countermeasures to mitigate potential abuses of observation flights by the Russian Federation carried out under the Treaty over European and United States ter-ritories involving infra-red or synthetic ap-erture radar sensors. (II) A plan, and its estimated comparative cost, to replace the Treaty architecture with an increased sharing of overhead commercial imagery, consistent with United States na-tional security, with covered state parties, excluding the Russian Federation. (III) An evaluation by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence of matters concerning how an observation flight described in clause (i) could implicate intelligence activities of the Russian Federation in the United States and United States counterintelligence ac-tivities and vulnerabilities. (IV) An assessment of how such informa-tion is used by the Russian Federation, for what purpose, and how the information fits into the Russian Federation’s overall collec-tion posture. (B) Not later than 90 days before the date on which the United States votes to approve or otherwise adopt any such implementing decision, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a cer-tification that— (i) the Russian Federation— (I) is in complete compliance with is obli-gations under the Open Skies Treaty; (II) is not exceeding the imagery limits set forth in the Treaty; and (III) is allowing observation flights by cov-ered state parties over all of Moscow, Chechnya, Kaliningrad, and within 10 kilo-meters of its border with Georgia’s occupied territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia without restriction and without inconsist-ency to requirements under the Treaty; (ii) covered state parties have been notified and briefed on concerns of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) regarding infra-red or synthetic aperture radar sensors used under the Open Skies Treaty; and (iii) the Russian Federation has agreed to— (I) extradite the 13 Russian citizens in-dicted on February 16, 2018, by the Depart-ment of Justice for undertaking unlawful ac-tivities against the United States; (II) remove illegally stationed Russian troops and materiel from Ukraine’s autono-mous Republic of Crimea and the city of Se-vastopol; (III) cease all material financial support for Russian proxies in Eastern Ukraine; and (IV) cease all military or financial support to any state that uses or has used against its own civilian population any agent or sub-stance banned by the Chemical Weapons Convention. (2) W
AIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Presi-dent determines that— (i) the waiver is in the national security of the United States; and (ii) the Russian Federation has taken clear and verifiable action to return to full and complete compliance with the Open Skies Treaty. (B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au- thority of the President under subparagraph (A) to waive the application of paragraph (1) may not be delegated. (3) O
PERATION OF OC -135 AIRCRAFT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (i) the United States continues to conduct observation flights under the Open Skies Treaty using OC-135 aircraft, a fleet now in its 57th year of service; and (ii) advances in commercial surveillance technology have surpassed the value of aer-ial observation under the terms of the Open Skies Treaty and brings into questions the continued use of the OC-135 fleet for this pur-pose. (B) R
EPORT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the state of United States OC-135 aircraft with respect to airworthiness, safety of flight, and maintenance reliability. The report shall also include a recommendation as to the prospective date of retirement of the OC-135 fleet. (ii) D
EFINITION .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (I) the congressional defense committees; and (II) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (C) S
USPENSION OF OPERATION OF OC -135 AIR -
CRAFT .—The Secretary of Defense is author-ized to cease operation of United States OC- 135 aircraft under the Open Skies Treaty if continued operation of these aircraft would impose undue risk to personnel or excessive cost. (c) F
ORM.—Each certification and report required under this section shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Except as otherwise pro-vided, in this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) C
HEMICAL WEAPONS CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘Chemical Weapons Convention’’ means the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction, entered into force on April 29, 1997. (3) C
OVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered state party’’ means a foreign country that— (A) is a state party to the Open Skies Trea-ty; and (B) is a United States ally. (4) I
NFRA -RED OR SYNTHETIC APERTURE  
RADAR SENSOR .—The term ‘‘infra-red or syn-thetic aperture radar sensor’’ means a sensor that is classified as— (A) an infra-red line-scanning device under category C of paragraph 1 of Article IV of the Open Skies Treaty; or (B) a sideways-looking synthetic aperture radar under category D of paragraph 1 of Ar-ticle IV of the Open Skies Treaty. (5) O
BSERVATION FLIGHT .—The term ‘‘obser-vation flight’’ has the meaning given such term in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. (6) O
PEN SKIES TREATY ; TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ or ‘‘Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force Janu-ary 1, 2002. (7) R
ELEVANT UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT  
OFFICIALS .—The term ‘‘relevant United States Government officials’’ means the fol-lowing: (A) The Secretary of Energy. (B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (C) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (D) The Director of National Intelligence. (E) The Commander of U.S. Strategic Com-mand and the Commander of U.S. Northern Command in the case of an observation flight over the territory of the United States. (F) The Commander of U.S. European Com-mand in the case of an observation flight other than an observation flight described in subparagraph (E). (8) S
ENSOR .—The term ‘‘sensor’’ has the meaning given such term in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. 
SEC. 1233. COMPREHENSIVE RESPONSE TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION’S MATERIAL BREACH OF THE INF TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) James Mattis, Secretary of Defense, testified before the House Armed Services Committee on March 22, 2018, that ‘‘we have very modest expectations that they [Russia] would return to [INF] compliance. As a re-sult, in the Nuclear Posture Review, we are looking for a way, at the lowest possible cost, to checkmate them and make it in their best interest to return to compliance.’’. (2) The Honorable Daniel Coats, Director of National Intelligence, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee on March 6, 2018, that the Russian Federation is vio-lating the INF Treaty because ‘‘Moscow probably believes that the new GLCM pro-vides sufficient advantages that make it worth the risk of violating the INF Treaty.’’. (3) General Hyten, Commander of the United States Strategic Command, also tes-tified before the Senate Armed Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4447 May 22, 2018 
Committee on March 20, 2018, about poten-tial strategic advantages for China stem-ming from their lack of participation in the INF Treaty by saying that ‘‘they do not have any limitations in the INF [Treaty], and they have built significant numbers of inter-mediate-range ballistic missiles that if they were in the INF [Treaty], they would be con-trary to the treaty’’. (4) General Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the House Armed Services Committee on April 12, 2018, that ‘‘we’re not only looking for operational concepts and ways to deal with the Russian violation, but we’re also at least posturing ourselves to develop weapons should they be required’’. Secretary of De-fense Mattis also stated in that same hearing ‘‘our effort will be matched at State Depart-ment by movement on arms control and non-proliferation. There are two thrusts to our nuclear strategy. . .and that’s why those funds have been requested.’’. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States as follows: (1) The actions undertaken by the Russian Federation in violation of the INF Treaty, including the flight-test, production, and possession of prohibited systems, have de-feated the object and purpose of the INF Treaty, and thus constitute a material breach of the INF Treaty. (2) In light of the Russian Federation’s ma-terial breach of the INF Treaty, the United States is legally entitled to suspend the op-eration of the INF Treaty in whole or in part for so long as the Russian Federation con-tinues to be in material breach of the INF Treaty. (3) For so long as the Russian Federation remains in noncompliance with the INF Treaty, the United States should take ac-tions to encourage the Russian Federation to return to compliance with the INF Treaty, including by— (A) providing additional funds for the capa-bilities identified in section 1243(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1062) and the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Preservation Act of 2017 (Pub-lic Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1671); and (B) seeking additional missile defense as-sets in the European theater needed to fill military capability gaps to protect United States and NATO forces from ground- launched missile systems of the Russian Fed-eration that are in noncompliance with the INF Treaty. (c) I
MPOSITION OF ARMS CONTROL SANC-
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the amount author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President, other than support services that are required for senior leader communications services, shall be withheld from obligation or expenditure until the date on which the President has submitted to the appropriate congressional committees the certification described in paragraph (2). (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-cation described in this paragraph is a cer-tification of the President that— (A) each requirement of section 1290 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2555; 22 U.S.C. 2593e) has been fully imple-mented and is continuing to be fully imple-mented; (B) the President has notified the appro-priate congressional committees under such section 1290 of the imposition of measures described in subsection (c) of such section with respect to each person identified in a report under subsection (a) of such section, including a detailed description of the impo-sition of all such measures; and (C) the President has submitted the report required by section 1244(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1674) (relat-ing to report on plan to impose additional sanctions with respect to the Russian Fed-eration). (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. (3) N
EW START TREATY .—The term ‘‘New START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Rus-sian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-fensive Arms, signed at Prague April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011. (4) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1234. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended by section 1234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1659), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘50 percent of the funds available for fis-cal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
ETHAL ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds available for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to sub-section (f)(4), $50,000,000 shall be available only for lethal assistance described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b).’’; (2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $250,000,000.’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1235. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON UNITED STATES MILITARY INVESTMENT IN EUROPE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Both the 2017 National Security Strat-egy and the 2018 National Defense Strategy highlight the Russian Federation as a long- term strategic competitor to the United States. (2) The Russian Federation uses a whole-of- society approach to influence and attempt to shape the information space, weaken Amer-ican resolve and confidence in its democracy, and undermine the power and international standing of the United States. (3) Through the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328), and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115-91), Congress has authorized, in total, approximately $9,800,000,000 for the European Reassurance Initiative, now the European Deterrence Ini-tiative, to reassure partners and allies and build a credible deterrent and defense against the Russian Federation. (b) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to develop, implement, and sustain a credible deterrent against ag-gression and long-term strategic competi-tion by the Government of the Russian Fed-eration in order to enhance regional and global security and stability, including by the following: (1) Increased United States presence in Eu-rope through additional permanently sta-tioned forces, including logistics enablers and a combat aviation brigade. (2) Continued United States presence in Europe through rotational forces. (3) Increased United States pre-positioned military equipment, including munitions, lo-gistics enablers, and a division headquarters. (4) Sufficient and necessary infrastructure additions and improvements throughout Eu-rope. (5) Increased investment and prioritization to counter indirect action (such as informa-tion operations intended to influence), in-cluding sufficient cyber, counter-propa-ganda, and intelligence resources. (6) Sufficient security cooperation re-sources and opportunities with partners and allies, including with member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
SEC. 1236. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN PERSONS PRO-VIDING SOPHISTICATED GOODS, SERVICES, OR TECHNOLOGIES FOR USE IN THE PRODUCTION OF MAJOR DEFENSE EQUIPMENT OR AD-VANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON SANCTIONED PERSONS RELAT -
ING TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION ’SNOTED VIOLA-
TION OF THE INF T REATY .— (1) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that con-tains a list of persons described in section 1290(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 related to the Russian Federation’s noted violation of the INF Treaty, as noted in the 2016 Report on Adherence to and Compliance With Arms Control, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments. (B) F
ORM.—The report required by subpara-graph (A) shall be provided in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1290(h) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (2) INF 
TREATY DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty Between the United States of Amer-ica and the Union of Soviet Socialist Repub-lics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty’’, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. (b) R
EPORT ON SUPPLY CHAINS FOR RUSSIAN  A
RMSSALES PROGRAMS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4448 May 22, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains the following: (A) An analysis of the foreign and domestic supply chains in the Russian Federation that directly or indirectly significantly facili-tates, supports, or otherwise aids the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation’s devel-opment, export, sale, or transfer of major de-fense equipment or advanced conventional weapons. (B) A description of the geographic dis-tribution of the foreign and domestic supply chains described in subparagraph (A), includ-ing sources of sophisticated goods, services, or technologies used for or by Russia for the development, export, sale, or transfer of such equipment or weapons. (C) An assessment of the ability of the Russian Government to domestically manu-facture or otherwise produce the goods, serv-ices, or technology necessary to support the development, export, sale, or transfer of such equipment or weapons. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (c) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT  
TOCERTAIN PERSONS PROVIDING SOPHISTI -
CATED GOODS , SERVICES , ORTECHNOLOGIES  
FOR USE IN THE PRODUCTION OF MAJOR DE-
FENSE EQUIPMENT OR ADVANCED CONVEN -
TIONAL WEAPONS .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the submission of the report under subsection (b), and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that identifies each foreign person and each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that the President determines is a for-eign person or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state described in subparagraph (B). (B) F
OREIGN PERSON OR AGENCY OR INSTRU -
MENTALITY OF A FOREIGN STATE DESCRIBED .— A foreign person or an agency or instrumen-tality of a foreign state described in this sub-paragraph is a foreign person or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that— (i) knowingly sells, leases, or otherwise provides significant sophisticated goods, services, or technology, to any entities owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation, or (ii) engages in a significant transaction or transactions to sell, lease, or otherwise pro-vide such sophisticated goods, services, or technologies, to entities beneficially owned by the Russian Federation, if such activity under clause (i) or trans-action under clause (ii) materially contrib-utes to the ability of Russia to develop or produce major defense equipment or ad-vanced conventional weapons. (C) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (D) E
XCEPTION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall not be required to identify a foreign person or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state in a report pursuant to subparagraph (A) if— (I) the foreign person or the agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state notifies the United States Government in advance that it proposes to engage in an activity under sub-paragraph (B)(i) or a transaction under sub-paragraph (B)(ii); and (II) the President determines and notifies the appropriate congressional committees in classified form prior to the foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state engaging in the activity under subparagraph (B)(i) or transaction under subparagraph (B)(ii) that such activity or transaction is in the national interests of the United States. (ii) NON-APPLICABILITY .—The exception under clause (i) shall not apply with respect to— (I) an agency or instrumentality of a for-eign state the government of which the Sec-retary of State determines has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism pursuant to section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (as contin-ued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or any other relevant provision of law; or (II) any activity under subparagraph (B)(i) or transaction under subparagraph (B)(ii) that involves, directly or indirectly, a for-eign state described in subclause (I). (2) S
ANCTIONS IMPOSED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the report under subsection (b), and annually thereafter for 8 years, the President shall impose one or more of the sanctions described in subpara-graph (B) with respect to any foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state identified pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: (i) No sales of any defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) may be made to the for-eign person or agency or instrumentality of the foreign state. (ii) No licenses for export of any item on the United States Munitions List that in-clude the foreign person or agency or instru-mentality of the foreign state as a party to the license may be granted. (iii) No exports may be permitted to the foreign person or agency or instrumentality of the foreign state of any goods or tech-nologies controlled for national security rea-sons under the Export Administration Regu-lations, except that such prohibition shall not apply to any transaction subject to the reporting requirements of title V of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.; relating to congressional oversight of intelligence activities). (iv)(I) The President may exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of a foreign person or agency or instru-mentality of the foreign state if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (II)(aa) The authority to impose sanctions under subclause (I) shall not include the au-thority to impose sanctions relating to the importation of goods. (bb) In item (aa), the term ‘‘good’’ has the meaning given such term in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2415) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (cc) The penalties provided for in sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions promulgated under this section to carry out subclause (I) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in section 206(a) of that Act. (dd) Except as provided in subparagraph (I), the President may exercise all authori-ties provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of carrying out subclause (I). (C) EXCEPTIONS .—The President shall not be required to apply sanctions with respect to a foreign person or an agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state identified pursu-ant to paragraph (1)— (i)(I) if the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the foreign person or agency or instrumentality of the foreign state— (aa) is no longer carrying out activities or transactions for which the sanctions were imposed pursuant to this paragraph; or (bb) has taken and is continuing to take significant verifiable steps toward termi-nating the activities or transactions for which the sanctions were imposed pursuant to this paragraph; and (II) the President has received reliable as-surances from the foreign person or the agency or instrumentality of the foreign state that it will not carry out any activities or transactions for which sanctions may be imposed pursuant to this paragraph in the future; (ii) in the case of procurement of defense articles or defense services by the United States Government under existing contracts or subcontracts, including the exercise of op-tions for production quantities to satisfy re-quirements essential to the national security of the United States, if the President deter-mines in writing to the appropriate congres-sional committees that— (I) the foreign person or agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state to which the sanctions would otherwise be applied is a sole source supplier of the defense articles or services, that the defense articles or services are essential, and that alternative sources are not readily or reasonably available; and (II) it is in the national interest and the President certifies such determination in writing to the appropriate congressional committees; or (iii) if the President certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees that the identification of the foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state would impede the supply by any entity of the Russian Federation of a product or service, or the procurement of such product or service, by the Government of the United States— (I) for purposes of civil aviation safety; or (II) in connection with any space launch conducted for the Government of the United States. (3) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (2) for renewable periods not to exceed 180 days with respect to a foreign person or foreign persons, or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, if the President— (A) determines that the waiver is impor-tant to the national security of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4449 May 22, 2018 
(B) before the waiver takes effect, briefs the appropriate congressional committees on the waiver and the reason for the waiver. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DVANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS .— The term ‘‘advanced conventional weapons’’ includes— (i) such long-range precision-guided muni-tions, fuel air explosives, cruise missiles, low observability aircraft, other radar evading aircraft, advanced military aircraft, military satellites, electromagnetic weapons, and laser weapons that the President determines enhance offensive capabilities in desta-bilizing ways; (ii) such advanced command, control, and communications systems, electronic warfare systems, or intelligence collection systems that the President determines enhance offen-sive capabilities in destabilizing ways; (iii) the S–300 and S–400 missile defense systems and air superiority fighters; and (iv) such other items or systems as the President may, by regulation, determine necessary for purposes of this subsection. (B) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. (C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (D) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means— (i) an individual who is not a United States person; or (ii) a corporation, partnership, or other nongovernmental entity which is not a United States person. (E) M
AJOR DEFENSE EQUIPMENT .—The term ‘‘major defense equipment’’ has the meaning given such term under section 120.8 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). (F) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (i) a natural person; (ii) a corporation, business association, partnership, society, trust, financial institu-tion, insurer, underwriter, guarantor, and any other business organization, any other nongovernmental entity, organization, or group, and any governmental entity oper-ating as a business enterprise; and (iii) any successor to any entity described in clause (ii). (G) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (i) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; (ii) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity; or (iii) any person in the United States. (5) D
ETERMINATION OF SOPHISTICATED .—The Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense and in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall promulgate regulations to de-termine if a good, service, or technology is sophisticated for purposes of this section. (6) D
ETERMINATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNER -
SHIP.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall promulgate regulations for deter-mining beneficial ownership of an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) to be less than fifty percent ownership. (7) COOPERATION .—The Secretary of State shall seek to consult and cooperate with United States allies and partners to impose sanctions as required under this subsection and to maximize the effect of these sanc-tions. (8) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to activities and transactions described in paragraph (1) that are carried out on or after such date of enactment. (d) A
DDITIONAL MEASURES FOR THE PUR-
CHASE OF CERTAIN DEFENSE ARTICLES OR DE-
FENSE SERVICES FROMRUSSIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an agency or instrumentality of the Islamic Republic of Iran or of any other state sponsor of ter-rorism that engages in the activities de-scribed in paragraph (2), the President shall, pursuant to section 6 of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), require a license under the Export Ad-ministration Regulations to export, re-ex-port, or transfer to that foreign state, or spe-cific sectors of that foreign state, any item subject to the Export Administration Regu-lations other than food, medicine, or medical devices. (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are the purchase, lease, or acquisition, on or after March 6, 2014, of major defense equipment or advanced conventional weapons from the Russian Fed-eration. (3) S
USPENSION OF APPLICATION .—The Presi-dent may suspend the application of the measures described in paragraph (1) for re-newable periods not to exceed 180 days if the President determines and reports to the ap-propriate congressional committees that it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to apply to re-exports of foreign manufactured items by non-United States persons that contain less than 10 percent United States-origin con-tent, or previously licensed exports, reex-ports, or transfers. (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DVANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS .— The term ‘‘advanced conventional weapons’’ has the meaning given such term in sub-section (c). (B) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (C) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regula-tions’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). (D) M
AJOR DEFENSE EQUIPMENT .—The term ‘‘major defense equipment’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (c). (E) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State determines has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism pursuant to section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (as contin-ued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or any other relevant provision of law. (6) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The licensing require-ment under paragraph (1) shall take effect not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) SPECIAL RULE TO ALLOW FOR TERMI-
NATION OF SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO PER-
SONS ENGAGING IN TRANSACTIONS WITH THE  I
NTELLIGENCE OR DEFENSE SECTORS OF THE  G
OVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION .— Section 231 of the Countering America’s Ad-versaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c), as amended, the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE TO ALLOW FOR TERMI-
NATION OF SANCTIONABLE ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(1) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President shall not be required to apply sanctions to a per-son described in subsection (a) for renewable periods not to exceed 180 days with respect to the person if the President certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees that— ‘‘(A) the person— ‘‘(i) is no longer engaging in the activity described in subsection (a); ‘‘(ii) has taken and is continuing to take significant verifiable steps toward termi-nating the activity described in that sub-section; or ‘‘(iii) has agreed to reduce reliance upon Russian defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation trade over a specified period; ‘‘(B) the person is taking specified actions to further the enforcement of this section; and ‘‘(C) the President has received reliable as-surances from the government with primary jurisdiction over the person that the person will not engage in any activity described in subsection (a) in the future outside of the pa-rameters of any actions specified in subpara-graph (A)(ii) or (iii) of such certification. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—The certification described in paragraph (1) shall be transmitted in an un-classified form, and may contain a classified annex.’’. (f) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  G
OODS .—No provision affecting sanctions under this section or an amendment made by this section shall apply to any portion of a sanction that affects the importation of goods. (g) T
ERMINATION .—This section, including the authority to impose sanctions under this section and any sanctions so imposed, and any amendment made by this section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1237. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1232(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2018, or 2019’’. 
SEC. 1238. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING RUSSIA’S VIOLATIONS OF THE CHEMICAL WEAPONS CONVENTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States ratified the Conven-tion on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction, known as the ‘‘Chemical Weapons Convention’’, on April 24, 1997. (2) The Russian Federation ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention on November 5, 1997. (3) Article 1 of the Chemical Weapons Con-vention requires all signatories to ‘‘never under any circumstances...use chemical weapons’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4450 May 22, 2018 
(4) Russia’s stock of chemical weapons has been implicated in the assassination or inju-ries of the following individuals: (A) Sergei Skripal, Yulia Skripal, and Wiltshire Police Detective Sergeant Nicholas Bailey, poisoned using the nerve agent ‘‘novichok’’ in Salisbury, England, in March 2018. (B) Alexander Litvinenko, poisoned using polonium, in London, England, in November 2006, about whose death a January 2016 in-quest ordered by the British Parliament con-cluded ‘‘the FSB operation to kill Mr Litvinenko was probably approved by Mr Patrushev [then-director of the FSB] and also by President Putin’’. (5) Russia has also demonstrated its dis-regard for the obligations imposed by the Chemical Weapons Convention by— (A) continuing to provide military and dip-lomatic support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who has used chemical weapons in-cluding chlorine gas and sarin against Syr-ian citizens; (B) actively working to hinder the efforts of inspectors of the Organization for the Pro-hibition of Chemical Weapons in Syria; and (C) consistently using its veto power at the United Nations Security Council to prevent effective international action against Assad for such activities. (6) The Condition 10(C) Report on Compli-ance with the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction published by the Department of State in March 2018 asserts that ‘‘Based on available information, the United States cannot certify that Russia has met its obli-gations under the Chemical Weapons Con-vention for declaration of its: (1) [chemical weapons production facilities]; (2) [chemical weapons] development facilities; and (3) [chemical weapons] stockpiles. In fact, due to Russia’s March 4, 2018, use of a military- grade nerve agent to attack two individuals in the United Kingdom, the United States certifies that the Russian Federation is in non-compliance with its obligations under the [Chemical Weapons Convention].’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Russia’s actions con-stitute violations of Russia’s obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention. 
SEC. 1239. UNITED STATES ACTIONS REGARDING MATERIAL BREACH OF INF TREATY BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) U NITED STATES ACTIONS .—If the Presi-dent does not certify to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the Russian Fed-eration has returned to full and verifiable compliance with the INF Treaty within one year of the date of the enactment of this Act, the prohibitions set forth in Article VI of the INF Treaty shall no longer be binding on the United States as a matter of United States law. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty’’, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. SEC. 1240. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO EXTEND THE IMPLEMEN-TATION OF THE NEW START TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The New START Treaty provides that, ‘‘[w]hen a Party believes that a new kind of strategic offensive arm is emerging, that Party shall have the right to raise the ques-tion of such a strategic offensive arm for consideration in the Bilateral Consultative Commission’’. (2) Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin stated in a March 1, 2018, public speech that— (A) ‘‘I will speak about the newest systems of Russian strategic weapons that we are creating. . .we have embarked on the devel-opment of the next generation of missiles.’’; (B) ‘‘We started to develop new types of strategic arms that do not use ballistic tra-jectories at all when moving toward a tar-get.’’; (C) ‘‘One of them is a small-scale heavy- duty nuclear energy unit that can be in-stalled in a missile like our latest X-101 air- launched missile. . .In late 2017, Russia suc-cessfully launched its latest nuclear-powered missile at the central training ground. Dur-ing its flight, the nuclear-powered engine reached its design capacity and provided the necessary propulsion.’’; (D) ‘‘[i]n December 2017, an innovative nu-clear power unit for this unmanned under-water vehicle completed a test cycle that lasted many years. . ..[t]he tests that were conducted enabled us to begin developing a new type of strategic weapon that would carry massive nuclear ordnance’’; (E) ‘‘[b]y the way, we have yet to choose names for these two new strategic weapons, the global range cruise missile and the un-manned underwater vehicle. We are waiting for suggestions from the Defence Ministry’’; (F) ‘‘A real technological breakthrough is the development of a strategic missile sys-tem with fundamentally new combat equipment- a gliding wing unit, which has also been successfully tested. . .[w]e called it the Avangard’’; and (G) ‘‘I want to specifically emphasise that the newly developed strategic arms - in fact, new types of strategic weapons- are not the result of something left over from the Soviet Union. Of course, we relied on some ideas from our ingenious predecessors. But every-thing I have described today is the result of the last several years, the product of dozens of research organisations, design bureaus and institute.’’. (3) During the House Armed Services Com-mittee hearing on April 12, 2018, Secretary of Defense James Mattis was asked whether Russia should honor the terms of the treaty and limit its new strategic offensive arms under the New START Treaty as it requires and he stated ‘‘Sir, I believe they should.’’. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended to extend the implementation of the New START Treaty unless and until the President— (1) certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that— (A) the President has raised the issue of covered Russian systems in the appropriate fora with the Russian Federation under Arti-cle V of the New START Treaty or other-wise; and (B) the Russian Federation has responded in writing to the United States as to whether they will agree to declare the covered Rus-sian systems as strategic offensive arms or otherwise pursuant to the New START Trea-ty; (2) submits a copy of the written response of the Russian Federation described in para-graph (1)(B) to the appropriate congressional committees; and (3) notifies the appropriate congressional committees as to whether the position of the Russian Federation threatens the viability of the New START Treaty or requires appro-priate United States political, economic, or military responses. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED RUSSIAN SYSTEMS .—The term ‘‘covered Russian systems’’ means the fol-lowing: (A) The heavy intercontinental missile sys-tem known as ‘‘Sarmat’’ or otherwise identi-fied. (B) An air-launched nuclear-powered cruise missile known as ‘‘X-101’’ or otherwise iden-tified. (C) An unmanned underwater vehicle known as ‘‘Status 6’’ or otherwise identified. (D) The long-distance guided flight hypersonic weapons system known by ‘‘Avanguard’’ or otherwise identified. (3) N
EW START TREATY .—The term ‘‘New START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Rus-sian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-fensive Arms, signed at Prague April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region 
SEC. 1251. SUPPORT FOR INDO-PACIFIC STA-BILITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Initiative established pursuant to subsection (b) of section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1676) bol-sters the efforts of the United States and its allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific region to deter aggression by providing resources to— (A) increase the presence and capabilities and enhance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the region; (B) improve military and defense infra-structure, basing, logistics, and access in the Indo-Pacific region in order to enhance the responsiveness and capabilities of the United States Armed Forces; and (C) increase bilateral and multilateral training and exercises with regional allies and partners; and (2) the United States should develop a multi-year strategic plan that specifies re-source priorities to meet the objectives and the activities of the Initiative described in subsection (c) of such section 1251. (b) R
EQUIREMENT AND RESOURCE PLAN.— Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a require-ment and resource plan that includes the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the challenges faced by the United States to meet the objectives and activities outlined in subsection (c) of such section 1251. (2) The plan, resource requirements, and any additional authorities needed through fiscal year 2024 to address such challenges. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4451 May 22, 2018 
(d) I NCLUSION IN BUDGET MATERIALS .—The Secretary of Defense shall also include the requirement and resource plan required by subsection (b) in the budget materials sub-mitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 (submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code). (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 is amended by striking ‘‘Indo-Asia-Pacific’’ and inserting ‘‘Indo-Pa-cific’’ each place it appears. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1252. UNITED STATES STRATEGY ON CHINA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States has a national stra-tegic interest in ensuring that the United States maintains political, diplomatic, eco-nomic, military, and technological advan-tages over competitive adversaries. (2) The 2018 National Defense Strategy states that ‘‘the central challenge to the U.S. prosperity and security is the reemer-gence of long-term, strategic competition by what the National Security Strategy classi-fies as revisionist powers. It is increasingly clear that China and Russia want to shape a world consistent with their authoritarian model—gaining veto authority over other nations’ economic, diplomatic, and security decisions’’. (3) The 2018 National Defense Strategy fur-ther states that ‘‘China is leveraging mili-tary modernization, influence operations, and predatory economics to coerce neigh-boring countries to reorder the Indo-Pacific region to their advantage. As China con-tinues its economic and military ascendance, asserting power through an all-of-nation long term strategy, it will continue to pur-sue a military modernization program that seeks Indo-Pacific regional hegemony in the near-term and displacement of the United States to achieve global preeminence in the future’’. (4) Statements by officials of the United States and leading experts have emphasized that the United States requires a whole-of- government response, across the full spec-trum of capabilities, to address the chal-lenges posed by China. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Congress de-clares that long-term strategic competition with China is a principal priority for the United States that requires the integration of multiple elements of national power, in-cluding diplomatic, economic, intelligence, law enforcement, and military elements, to protect and strengthen national security. (c) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report containing a whole-of-government strategy with respect to the People’s Republic of China. (2) E
LEMENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Strategic assessments of and planned responses to address the following activities by the Chinese Communist Party: (i) The use of political influence, informa-tion operations, censorship, and propaganda to undermine democratic institutions and processes, and the freedoms of speech, ex-pression, press, and academic thought. (ii) The use of intelligence networks to ex-ploit open research and development. (iii) The use of economic tools, including market access and investment to gain access to sensitive United States industries. (iv) Malicious cyber activities. (v) The use of investment, infrastructure, and development projects, such as China’s Belt and Road Initiative, in Africa, Europe, Central Asia, South America, and the Indo- Pacific region, and the Polar Silk Road in the Arctic, as a means to gain access and in-fluence. (vi) The use of military activities, capabili-ties, and defense installations, and hybrid warfare methods, short of traditional armed conflict, against the United States or its al-lies and partners. (B) Available or planned methods to en-hance strategic communication to counter Chinese influence and promote United States interests. (C) An identification of the key diplo-matic, development, intelligence, military, and economic resources necessary to imple-ment the strategy. (D) A plan to maximize the coordination and effectiveness of such resources to counter the threats posed by the activities described in subparagraph (A). (E) Available or planned interagency mechanisms for the coordination and imple-mentation of the strategy. (3) FORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (4) A
NNUAL BUDGET SUBMISSION .—The Presi-dent shall ensure that the annual budget submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code clearly highlights the programs and projects pro-posed to be funded that relate to the strat-egy required by paragraph (1). (5) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriage congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 1253. STRENGTHENING TAIWAN’S FORCE READINESS. 
(a) D EFENSE ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with appro-priate counterparts of Taiwan, conduct a comprehensive assessment of Taiwan’s mili-tary forces, particularly Taiwan’s reserves. The assessment shall provide recommenda-tions to improve the efficiency, effective-ness, readiness, and resilience of Taiwan’s self-defense capability in the following areas: (1) Personnel management and force devel-opment, particularly reserve forces. (2) Recruitment, training, and military programs. (3) Command, control, communications and intelligence. (4) Technology research and development. (5) Defense article procurement and logis-tics. (6) Strategic planning and resource man-agement. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port containing each of the following: (A) A summary of the assessment con-ducted pursuant to subsection (a). (B) A list of any recommendations result-ing from such assessment. (C) A plan for the United States, including by using appropriate security cooperation authorities, to— (i) facilitate any relevant recommenda-tions from such list; (ii) expand senior military-to-military en-gagement and joint training by the United States Armed Forces with the military of Taiwan; and (iii) support United States foreign military sales and other equipment transfers to Tai-wan, particularly for developing asymmetric warfare capabilities. (2) A
PPROPRIATE SECURITY COOPERATION AU -
THORITIES .—For purposes of the plan de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C), the term ‘‘appro-priate security cooperation authorities’’ means— (A) section 311 of title 10, United States Code (relating to exchange of defense per-sonnel); (B) section 332 such title (relating to de-fense institution building); and (C) other security cooperation authorities under chapter 16 of such title. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1254. MODIFICATION, REDESIGNATION, AND EXTENSION OF SOUTHEAST ASIA MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND REDESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1073; 10 U.S.C. 2282 note), as amend-ed by section 1289 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2555), is further amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘South China Sea’’ and inserting ‘‘South China Sea and Indian Ocean’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the ‘Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initia-tive’’’ and inserting ‘‘the ‘Indo-Pacific Mari-time Security Initiative’’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1263. Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative.’’. (b) C
OVERED COUNTRIES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) India.’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION OF ADDITIONAL COUN-
TRIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) I
NCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES .— The Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to include additional foreign countries under subsection (b) for purposes of providing as-sistance and training under subsection (a) and additional foreign countries under sub-section (e)(2) for purposes of providing pay-ment of incremental expenses in connection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4452 May 22, 2018 
with training described in subsection (a)(1)(B) if, with respect to each such addi-tional foreign country, the Secretary deter-mines and certifies to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress that it is important for increasing maritime security and maritime domain awareness in the Indo-Pacific re-gion.’’. (d) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (i) of such sec-tion, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 1255. MISSILE DEFENSE EXERCISES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION WITH UNITED STATES REGIONAL ALLIES AND PARTNERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (North Korea) continues to develop, test, and threaten the use of interconti-nental ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons that threaten the United States and United States allies and partners. (2) The People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation continue to develop and deploy advanced counter-intervention tech-nologies, including fielding and testing high-ly maneuverable reentry vehicles and war-heads (such as hypersonic weapons), and cruise missiles and small-unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) that challenge United States strategic, operational, and tactical freedom of movement and maneuver. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) continue to develop and deploy a robust missile defense in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) increase the capacity of interceptors, sensors, and operational concepts in the re-gion; (3) continue bilateral and multilateral operationally realistic missile defense exer-cises in the region; (4) increase coordination with United States regional allies and partners, including Japan, South Korea, Australia, India, and other countries, as appropriate; (5) begin planning for military exercises in 2020 with United States regional allies and partners that is specifically focused on inter-operability; (6) integrate radar information from United States and allied Patriot, Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, Aegis, and other systems for region-wide command and con-trol capabilities; (7) increase the capacity of United States allies and partners through foreign military sales; (8) seek increased areas of co-production for components of missile defense systems; and (9) develop new capabilities to address threats to the region. (c) M
ISSILE DEFENSE EXERCISES IN THE  I
NDO-PACIFIC REGION .—The Secretary of De-fense may conduct missile defense exercises in the Indo-Pacific region with United States regional allies and partners to improve interoperability. (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the ap-propriate congressional committees a brief-ing on plans for missile defense exercises as described in subsection (c). (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1256. QUADRILATERAL COOPERATION AND EXERCISE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States, Japan, India, and Australia should— (1) promote security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) increase quadrilateral meetings to dis-cuss and strengthen interoperability of their respective military and naval forces; (3) plan joint quadrilateral military pa-trols and exercises; (4) promote the values of a free and open Indo-Pacific region and address themes such as respect for international law, maritime security, nonproliferation, and terrorism in the region; (5) explore joint regional infrastructure initiatives in the region; (6) engage in maritime capacity building among smaller Indo-Pacific countries; (7) develop new capabilities to deter and defend against threats to the region; and (8) support regional institutions and bod-ies, including the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum, to increase regional cooperation with respect to mari-time security and domain awareness and to promote internationally accepted rules and norms. (b) E
XERCISE .—The Secretary of Defense may conduct a quadrilateral naval military exercise. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the ap-propriate congressional committees a brief-ing on the matters contained in this section. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1257. NAME OF UNITED STATES INDO-PA-CIFIC COMMAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The combatant command known as the United States Pacific Com-mand shall, beginning on January 1, 2020, be known as the ‘‘United States Indo-Pacific Command’’. Any reference to such combat-ant command in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a ref-erence to the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NON -FEDERALIZED  
SERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAIN -
ING, AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—Section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1071(a)(31), is further amended in subsection (c), as redesignated by such section, in paragraph (3)(H) by strik-ing ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Indo-Pacific Com-mand’’. (2) C
ONTRACTING WITH THE ENEMY .—Section 843(4) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Indo-Pacific Command’’. 
SEC. 1258. REQUIREMENT FOR CRITICAL LAN-GUAGES AND EXPERTISE IN CHI-NESE, KOREAN, AND RUSSIAN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) evaluate the operational requirements for members of the Armed Forces possessing foreign language expertise in critical East Asian languages, including Chinese, Korean, and Russian; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to address any shortfalls in these critical areas. SEC. 1259. MODIFICATION OF REPORT REQUIRED UNDER ENHANCING DEFENSE AND SECURITY COOPERATION WITH INDIA. 
Subsection (a)(2) of section 1292 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The report shall also in-clude a forward-looking strategy’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall also in-clude— ‘‘(A) a forward-looking strategy’’; (3) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) a description of any limitations that hinder or slows progress in implementing the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (L) of paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) a description of actions India is tak-ing, or the actions the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State believe India should take, to advance the relationship be-tween the United States and in regards to subparagraphs (A) through (L) of paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) a description of— ‘‘(i) measures that can be taken by the United States and India to improve inter-operability; and ‘‘(ii) progress in enabling agreements be-tween the United States and India.’’. 
SEC. 1260. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON NAVAL VESSEL TRANSFERS TO JAPAN. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to support maritime defense cooperation with Japan, including through the transfer of excess United States naval vessels to the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force. Such transfers should include capabilities such as those represented by the Tarawa class am-phibious assault ship, the Austin class am-phibious transport dock, and the Charleston class amphibious cargo ship. 
SEC. 1261. REPORT AND PUBLIC NOTIFICATION ON CHINA’S MILITARY, MARITIME, AND AIR ACTIVITIES IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that greater transparency of Chi-na’s provocative military, maritime, and air activities in the Indo-Pacific region would— (1) aid in raising awareness of these activi-ties in regional and international forums; (2) enable regional security partners to more effectively protect their sovereignty and defend their rights under international law; and (3) maintain stability within the region to enable constructive relations with China. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees on a quarterly basis a report de-scribing China’s provocative military, mari-time, and air activities in the Indo-Pacific region. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall, at min-imum, address China’s provocative military, maritime, and air activities, military de-ployments, and operations and infrastruc-ture construction in the East China Sea, South China Sea, Taiwan Strait, and Indian Ocean. (3) D
ISSEMINATION TO REGIONAL ALLIES .— The report shall be disseminated to regional allies and partners, as appropriate, in the Indo-Pacific region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4453 May 22, 2018 
(4) I MAGERY AND SUPPORTING ANALYSIS .— The report may include imagery from mili-tary aircraft and other sources with sup-porting analysis to describe China’s provoca-tive maritime and air activities. (5) F
ORM.—The report shall be available to the public and shall be submitted or carried out in unclassified form. (c) P
UBLIC NOTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, shall provide notice to the public of any activities described in paragraph (2) immediately after the initiation of any such activities. (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are any signifi-cant destabilizing or deceptive activities of China, including reclamation or militariza-tion activity in the Indo-Pacific region, use of military, government, or commercial air-craft or maritime vessels to intimidate re-gional neighbors. (3) W
RITTEN SUMMARY .—As soon as prac-ticable after the notification to the public under paragraph (1) of any activities de-scribed in paragraph (2), the Secretary of De-fense shall distribute to the appropriate con-gressional committees and United States al-lies and security partners in the Indo-Pacific region a written summary to include im-agery and supporting analysis describing such activities. (d) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO NATIONAL  S
ECURITY AND PROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED NA-
TIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION .—The dissemi-nation and availability of the report under subsection (b) and the notification to the public under subsection (c) shall be made in a manner consistent with national security and the protection of classified national se-curity information. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 1262. SENIOR DEFENSE ENGAGEMENT WITH TAIWAN. 
(a) F INDING .—The Taiwan Travel Act (Pub-lic Law 115–135; 132 Stat. 341) states that it should be the policy of the United States to allow officials at all levels of the United States government, including Cabinet-level national security officials, general officers, and other executive branch officials, to trav-el to Taiwan to meet their Taiwan counter-parts. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Pursuant to the policy described in the Taiwan Travel Act, the Secretary of Defense should send a Sec-retary of a military department or a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to Taiwan for the purpose of senior-level defense engagement. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall brief the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on any plans of the Department to carry out senior-level defense engagement. 
SEC. 1263. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO RE-DUCE THE TOTAL NUMBER OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERV-ING ON ACTIVE DUTY WHO ARE DE-PLOYED TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act may be used to reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are de-ployed to the Republic of Korea below 22,000 unless the Secretary of Defense first certifies to the congressional defense committees that such a reduction is in the national secu-rity interest of the United States and will not significantly undermine the security of United States allies in the region. SEC. 1264. ENHANCING MISSILE DEFENSE CO-OPERATION WITH PARTNERS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should seek opportunities to increase defense coordination and cooperation with United States partners with respect to missile de-fense. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFENSE COOPERATION  A
UTHORITY WITHINDIA.—Section 1292(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note), as amended by section 1258(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1683), is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(M) develop closer defense cooperation with India on matters relating to missile de-fense.’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1271. REPORT ON STATUS OF THE UNITED STATES RELATIONSHIP WITH THE REPUBLIC OF TURKEY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States–Republic of Turkey relationship, over the past year, has become increasingly strained due to several provoca-tive actions taken by the Government of Turkey. (2) The potential purchase by the Govern-ment of Turkey of the S-400 air and missile defense system from the Russian Federation has led to tension with the relationship. (3) These actions could negatively impact common weapon system development be-tween the United States and Turkey. (4) These actions could exacerbate current North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) interoperability challenges with respect to common military architecture and informa-tion sharing. (5) These actions could impact current bi-lateral agreements between the United States and Turkey. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the status of the United States re-lationship with the Republic of Turkey. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required under this subsection shall include the following: (A) An assessment of United States mili-tary and diplomatic presence in Turkey, in-cluding all military activities conducted from Incirlik Air Base or elsewhere. (B) An assessment of the potential pur-chase by the Government of Turkey of the S- 400 air and missile defense system from the Russian Federation and the potential effects of such purchase on the United States-Tur-key bilateral relationship, including an as-sessment of impacts on other United States weapon systems and platforms operated jointly with Turkey to include— (i) the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike air-craft, to include co-production; (ii) the Patriot surface-to-air missile sys-tem; (iii) the CH-47 Chinook heavy lift heli-copter; (iv) the AH-1 Attack helicopter; (v) the H-60 Black Hawk utility helicopter; and (vi) the F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft. (C) An identification of potential alter-native air and missile defense systems that could be purchased by the Government of Turkey, including United States and other NATO member state military air defense ar-tillery systems. (3) FORM.—The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not take any action to execute delivery of a foreign military sale for major defense equipment subject to congressional notifica-tion under section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778) (made under a letter of offer issued under the authority of the Arms Export Control Act before the date of the enactment of this Act) to the Republic of Turkey until the Secretary submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report required under subsection (b). (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1272. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITY OF GULF COOPERATION COUNCIL MEM-BER COUNTRIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the member countries of the Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC) are important secu-rity cooperation partners of the United States; (2) the unity of GCC member countries is critical to facing growing threats from Iran; and (3) timely normalization of diplomatic, se-curity, and economic relationships among GCC member countries is in the best interest of the United States. 
SEC. 1273. REPORT ON UNITED STATES GOVERN-MENT POLICE TRAINING AND EQUIP-PING PROGRAMS FOR MEXICO. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on United States Government police training and equipping programs for Mexico. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of all United States Government departments and agencies involved in imple-menting the programs. (2) A description of the scope, size, and components of the programs for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, to include for each such pro-gram— (A) the types of units receiving such assist-ance, including national police, gendarmerie, counternarcotics police, counterterrorism police, Formed Police Units, border security, and customs; (B) the purpose and objectives of the pro-gram; (C) the funding and personnel levels for the program in each such fiscal year; (D) the authority under which the program is conducted; (E) the name of the United States Govern-ment department or agency with lead re-sponsibility for the program and the mecha-nisms for oversight of the program; (F) the extent to which the program is im-plemented by contractors or United States Government personnel; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4454 May 22, 2018 
(G) the metrics for measuring the results of the program and an assessment of the im-pact achieved from the program. (3) An assessment of the requirements for the programs, and what changes, if any, are required to improve the capacity of the United States Government to meet such re-quirements. (4) An evaluation of the appropriate role of United States Government departments and agencies in carrying out and coordinating the programs. (5) An evaluation of the appropriate role of contractors in carrying out the programs, and what modifications, if any, are needed to improve oversight of such contractors. (6) Recommendations for legislative modi-fications, if any, to existing authorities re-lating to the programs. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 1274. AUTHORITY TO INCREASE ENGAGE-MENT AND MILITARY-TO-MILITARY COOPERATION WITH WESTERN BAL-KANS COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is authorized to increase engagement and military-to-military cooperation with West-ern Balkans countries under the authorities of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Western Balkans countries’’ means— (1) Serbia; (2) Bosnia and Herzegovina; (3) Kosovo; and (4) Macedonia. 
SEC. 1275. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERA-TION STATUTORY REORGANIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER REFERENCES .—The following provisions of law are amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 13’’: (1) Section 886(a)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 466(a)(5)). (2) Section 332(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)(1)). (3) Section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Section 115(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (5) Section 12304(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (6) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(v)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(v)). (b) S
ECTION REFERENCES .—(1) Title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 386(c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sec-tions 311, 321, 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 246, 251, 252, 253, 321,’’; and (B) in section 10541(b)(9) in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 251, 252, 253,’’. (2) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(i)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 331, 332,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 251, 252,’’. (c) O
THER TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—(1) Chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 311(a)(3), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary to State’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of State’’; (B) in section 321(e), by striking ‘‘calender’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘cal-endar’’; (C) in the table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of such chapter, by striking the item relating to section 342 and inserting the following: ‘‘342. Regional Centers for Security Stud-ies.’’; (D) in section 347— (i) in the heading of subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘ETC.’’ and inserting ‘‘ ETC’’; and (ii) in the heading of subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘
ETC.’’ and inserting ‘‘ ETC’’; and (E) in section 385(d)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘in-clude’’ and inserting ‘‘including’’. (2) Section 1204(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 362 note) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 2249e’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 362’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 2249e’’ and inserting ‘‘section 301(1)’’. 
SEC. 1276. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL COUNTERING UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS CO-OPERATION. 
Section 1279(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 22 U.S.C. 8606 note), as most re-cently amended by section 1278 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1700), is further amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and capabilities for coun-tering unmanned aerial systems’’ after ‘‘anti-tunnel capabilities’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and unmanned aerial sys-tems’’ after ‘‘underground tunnels’’. 
SEC. 1277. THREE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHOR-IZATION OF NON-CONVENTIONAL AS-SISTED RECOVERY CAPABILITIES. 
Section 943(g) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most recently amended by section 1051(n) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1564), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘2021’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 1278. REVISION OF STATUTORY REF-ERENCES TO FORMER NATO SUP-PORT ORGANIZATIONS AND RE-LATED NATO AGREEMENTS. 
Section 2350d of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘NATO Support Organiza-tion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NATO Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreement’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreement’’; (3) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Sup-port Partnership Agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreements’’; and (4) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘in Eu-rope’’. 
SEC. 1279. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS CON-CERNING MILITARY-TO-MILITARY DIALOGUES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) military-to-military dialogues, includ-ing in the case of allies, partners, and adver-saries and potential adversaries, can be a useful and important tool for advancing United States national security objectives in a complex, interactive, and dynamic security environment; (2) frameworks for military-to-military dialogues should be flexible and adaptable to such a security environment and should be informed by national security guidance, such as the 2017 National Security Strategy and the 2018 National Defense Strategy; and (3) military-to-military dialogues can and should be reliable, enduring, and tailorable based on circumstance, so that such dia-logues can be trusted and available when needed, particularly amid escalating ten-sions. SEC. 1280. MODIFICATIONS TO GLOBAL ENGAGE-MENT CENTER. 
Section 1287 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center shall be to direct, lead, synchronize, inte-grate, and coordinate efforts of the Federal Government to recognize, understand, ex-pose, and counter foreign state and non-state propaganda and disinformation efforts aimed at undermining or influencing the policies, security, or stability of the United States and United States allies and partner na-tions.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Direct, lead, synchronize, integrate, and coordinate interagency and inter-national efforts to track and evaluate counterfactual narratives abroad that threaten the policies, security, or stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations.’’; (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) Identify current and emerging trends in foreign propaganda and disinformation in order to coordinate and shape the develop-ment of tactics, techniques, and procedures to expose and refute foreign propaganda and disinformation, and pro-actively support the promotion of credible, fact-based narratives and policies to audiences outside the United States.’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (10) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Measure and evaluate the activities of the Center, including the outcomes of such activities, and implement mechanisms to en-sure that the activities of the Center are up-dated to reflect the results of such measure-ment and evaluation.’’; and (E) by amending paragraph (8), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(8) Use information from appropriate interagency entities to identify the coun-tries, geographic areas, and populations most susceptible to propaganda and disinformation, as well as the countries, geo-graphic areas, and populations in which such propaganda and disinformation is likely to cause the most harm.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by amending para-graphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) D
ETAILEES AND ASSIGNEES .—Any Fed- eral Government employee may be detailed or assigned to the Center with or without re-imbursement, consistent with applicable laws and regulations regarding such em-ployee, and such detail or assignment shall be without interruption or loss of status or privilege. ‘‘(2) O
THER PERSONNEL .—The Secretary of State should, when hiring additional United States citizen personnel, preference use of Foreign Service limited appointments in ac-cordance with section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3949). The Sec-retary may hire United States citizens or aliens, as appropriate, including as personal services contractors, for purposes of per-sonnel resources of the Center, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that exist-ing personnel resources or expertise are in-sufficient; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4455 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(B) the period in which services are pro-vided by a personal services contractor, in-cluding options, does not exceed 3 years, un-less the Secretary determines that excep-tional circumstances justify an extension of up to one additional year; ‘‘(C) not more than 50 United States citi-zens or aliens are employed as personal serv-ices contractors under the authority of this paragraph at any time; and ‘‘(D) the authority of this paragraph is only used to obtain specialized skills or ex-perience or to respond to urgent needs.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by amending para-graphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of Defense is au-thorized to transfer, from amounts appro-priated to the Secretary pursuant to the au-thorization under this Act, to the Secretary of State not more than $60,000,000, to carry out the functions of the Center. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appro-priations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives of a proposed transfer under paragraph (1) not less than 15 days prior to making such transfer.’’; (5) in subsection (f), by amending para-graphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY FOR GRANTS .—The Center is authorized to provide grants or contracts of financial support to civil society groups, media content providers, nongovernmental organizations, federally funded research and development centers, private companies, or academic institutions for the following pur-poses: ‘‘(A) To support local entities and linkages among such entities, including independent media entities, that are best positioned to refute foreign propaganda and disinformation in affected communities. ‘‘(B) To collect and store examples of print, online, and social media disinformation and propaganda directed at the United States or United States allies and partner nations. ‘‘(C) To analyze and report on tactics, techniques, and procedures of foreign infor-mation warfare and other efforts with re-spect to disinformation and propaganda. ‘‘(D) To support efforts by the Center to counter efforts by foreign entities to use disinformation and propaganda to undermine or influence the policies, security, and social and political stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of State shall provide that each entity that receives funds under this subsection is selected in accordance with the relevant existing regulations through a process that ensures such entity has the credibility and capability to carry out effectively and in accordance with United States interests and objectives the purposes specified in paragraph (1) for which such entity received such funding.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (7) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFINGS .—The Sec- retary of State, together with the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall provide a briefing to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives not less often than annually re-garding the activities of the Global Engage-ment Center. The briefings required under this subsection shall terminate on the date specified in subsection (j).’’. SEC. 1281. REPORT ON ACQUISITION AND CROSS- SERVICING AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after entering into a cross-servicing agree-ment under section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, with a country or organization referred to in subsection (a)(1) of such sec-tion, and every 180 days thereafter for such period of time as the agreement remains in effect, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives a report with respect to the agreement. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The type of country or organization re-ferred to in subsection (a)(1) of section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to which the Secretary of Defense entered into the agreement. (2) The date on which the agreement was entered into under such section 2342. (3) A description of the logistic support, supplies, and services to be provided to the military forces of the country or organiza-tion and any other transactions associated with the agreement. (4) The estimated dollar value of support provided by the United States under the agreement. (5) A copy of the agreement, including all appendices. (6) An assessment as to whether or not the agreement is in United States national secu-rity interests. (7) The end date of the agreement. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1282. PROHIBITION ON PROVISION OF WEAP-ONS AND OTHER FORMS OF SUP-PORT TO CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 may be used to provide weapons or any other form of support to— (1) Al Qaeda, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Jabhat Fateh al Sham, or any individual or group affiliated with any such organization; and (2) any other entity that the Secretary of Defense determines may trade or sell arms to terrorist organizations. 
SEC. 1283. CERTIFICATION AND AUTHORITY TO TERMINATE FUNDING FOR ACA-DEMIC RESEARCH RELATING TO FOREIGN TALENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and with respect to funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a plan to implement the certification requirement described in subsection (b) to ensure that applicants seeking such funds for educational or academic training or research verify that such funds shall not be made available to any individual who has partici-pated in or is currently participating in a foreign talent or expert recruitment program of a country listed in subsection (d). (b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR FUND-
ING.—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and with respect to funds authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall require each applicant seeking such funds for edu-cational or academic training and research, including at institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)), policy in-stitutes, federal laboratories, or research in-stitutes, to include with the application a certification that none of the funds received by such applicant shall be made available to any individual who has participated in or is currently participating in a foreign talent or expert recruitment program of a country listed in subsection (d). (c) AUTHORITY TO TERMINATE FUNDING .— Beginning 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may terminate existing funding of, or pro-hibit the award of future funding to, a cur-rent recipient if such recipient is unable to provide the certification described in sub-section (b) with respect to such existing funding. (d) C
OUNTRIES LISTED .—The countries list-ed in this subsection are the following: (1) The People’s Republic of China. (2) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (3) The Russian Federation. (4) The Islamic Republic of Iran. 
SEC. 1284. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR GEORGIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Georgia is a valued friend of the United States and has repeatedly demonstrated its commitment to advancing the mutual inter-ests of both countries, including the deploy-ment of Georgian forces as part of the Inter-national Security Assistance Force (ISAF) led by the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) in Afghanistan and the Multi- National Force in Iraq. (2) The European Deterrence Initiative builds the partnership capacity of Georgia so it can work more closely with the United States and NATO, as well as provide for its own defense. (3) In addition to the European Deterrence Initiative, Georgia’s participation in the NATO initiative Partnership for Peace is paramount to interoperability with the United States and NATO, and establishing a more peaceful environment in the region. (4) Despite the losses suffered, as a NATO partner of ISAF, Georgia is committed to the Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan with the fourth-largest contingent on the ground. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) reaffirms United States support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integ-rity within its internationally-recognized borders, and does not recognize the independ-ence of the Abkhazia and South Ossetia re-gions currently occupied by the Russian Fed-eration; and (2) supports continued cooperation between the United States and Georgia and the ef-forts of the Government of Georgia to pro-vide for the defense of its people and sov-ereign territory. 
SEC. 1285. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR ESTONIA, LATVIA, AND LITH-UANIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are highly valued allies of the United States, and they have repeatedly demonstrated their commitment to advanc-ing our mutual interests as well as those of the NATO Alliance. (2) Operation Atlantic Resolve is a series of exercises and coordinating efforts dem-onstrating the United States’ commitment to its European partners and allies, includ-ing the Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, with the shared goal of peace and stability in the region. Operation Atlan-tic Resolve strengthens communication and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4456 May 22, 2018 
understanding, and is an important effort to deter Russian aggression in the region. (3) Through Operation Atlantic Resolve, the European Deterrence Initiative under-takes exercises, training, and rotational presence necessary to reassure and integrate our allies, including the Baltic countries, into a common defense framework. (4) All three Baltic countries contributed to the NATO-led International Security As-sistance Force in Afghanistan, sending troops and operating with few caveats. The Baltic countries continue to commit re-sources and troops to the Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) reaffirms its support for the principle of collective defense in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for our NATO allies, includ-ing Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (2) supports the sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity, and inviolability of Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania as well as their internationally recognized borders, and ex-presses concerns over increasingly aggres-sive military maneuvering by the Russian Federation near their borders and airspace; (3) expresses concern over and condemns subversive and destabilizing activities by the Russian Federation within the Baltic coun-tries; and (4) encourages the Administration to fur-ther enhance defense cooperation efforts with Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania and sup-ports the efforts of their Governments to provide for the defense of their people and sovereign territory. 
SEC. 1286. REPORT ON UNITED STATES STRAT-EGY IN YEMEN. 
Not later than February 1, 2019, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-scribing the strategy of the United States Armed Forces with respect to Yemen that includes a description of— (1) the activities that the United States Armed Forces are currently undertaking in Yemen; (2) the costs associated with the involve-ment of the United States Armed Forces in Yemen, including costs relating to counter-terrorism activities, refueling missions, or other military activities; (3) the key United States military inter-ests, objectives, long-term goals, and end- states for Yemen; (4) indicators for the effectiveness of United States military efforts to achieve such interests, objectives, goals, or end- states; (5) how current United States military ef-forts in Yemen align with such objectives; (6) the estimated annual resources required through fiscal year 2022 for the United States Armed Forces to achieve such objectives; (7) the current legal authorities supporting United States military efforts in Yemen; and (8) any other matters the Secretary deter-mines to be relevant. 
SEC. 1287. REPORT ON HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the President shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on Hizballah. Such report shall include each of the fol-lowing: (1) An accounting of Hizballah’s known rocket arsenal. (2) An evaluation of the impact of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon mandate. (3) An evaluation of the tactical and stra-tegic capabilities of Hizballah, including such capabilities related to defense. (4) A detailed description of the known supply routes used in the illegal procure-ment of weapons for Hizballah. (5) An estimate of companies and other en-tities that support Hizballah’s network. (6) An assessment of the effects of the in-terference of Hizballah in conflicts through-out the Middle East region. (7) An assessment of how Hizballah raises, holds, and spends funds in territories where United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon op-erates. (b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (4) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; and (5) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $335,240,000 authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obli-gated for the purposes specified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimi-nation, $2,823,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,446,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $29,001,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $197,585,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $74,937,000. (6) For activities designated as Other As-sessments/Administrative Costs, $25,448,000. 
SEC. 1302. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
Funds appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Co-operative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Chemical Agents and Muni-tions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. (b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare ma-teriel of the United States that is not cov-ered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the De-partment of Defense for providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the National Defense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding tables in section 4501. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and mainte-nance, $113,000,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense–Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so trans-ferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, con-sisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1412. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1413. QUARTERLY BRIEFING ON PROGRESS OF CHEMICAL DEMILITARIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1412(j) of the Department of De-fense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521(j)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Semi-annual Reports’’ and inserting ‘‘Q
UARTERLY  B
RIEFING ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘March 1’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘the year in which’’ and insert-ing ‘‘90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and every 90 days there-after until’’; (B) by striking ‘‘submit to’’ and inserting ‘‘brief’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4457 May 22, 2018 
(C) by striking ‘‘a report on the implemen-tation’’ and inserting ‘‘on the progress made’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘of its chemical weapons destruction obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘to-ward fulfilling its chemical weapons destruc-tion obligations’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include a description of contractor costs and performance relative to schedule, the progress to date toward the complete de-struction of the stockpile, and any other in-formation the Secretary determines to be relevant.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZA-TIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize appropriations for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 to provide addi-tional funds for overseas contingency oper-ations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Ma-rine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1503. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1504. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
SEC. 1505. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1506. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1507. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters SEC. 1511. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts oth-erwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1512. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2019 be-tween any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of au-thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided by this section is in addi-tion to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other Matters 
SEC. 1521. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES  
ANDNOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Funds available to the Department of De-fense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be subject to the conditions contained in subsections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skel-ton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). (b) E
QUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is pro-cured using amounts in the Afghanistan Se-curity Forces Fund authorized under this Act and is intended for transfer to the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan, but is not accept-ed by such security forces. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall make a determination that the equipment was procured for the pur-pose of meeting requirements of the security forces of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In mak- ing a determination under paragraph (2) re-garding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to Secretary of Defense acceptance of the equipment. An explanation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). (4) T
REATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the au-thority provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of De-fense upon notification to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) QUARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the equip-ment accepted during the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1711) (iii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iv) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (v) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (vi) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-paragraph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the pe-riod covered by the report and treated as stocks of the Department of Defense and cop-ies of the determinations made under para-graph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (c) S
ECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $18,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, reten-tion, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and con-tracting of female security personnel for fu-ture elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Af-ghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Af-ghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gen-der and human rights educational and train-ing materials and programs within the Af-ghan Ministry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of Interior; (D) efforts to address harassment and vio-lence against women within the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and trans-portation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Po-lice Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile fe-male police and army officers. (d) A
SSESSMENT OF AFGHANISTAN PROGRESS  
ONSECURITY COOPERATION OBJECTIVES .— (1) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4458 May 22, 2018 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an assess-ment describing the efforts of the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to manage, employ, and sustain the equip-ment and inventory provided through the au-thority under subsection (a). In conducting such assessment, the Secretary of Defense shall consider each of the following: (A) The ability of the Afghanistan Min-istry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior to manage and account for previously-di-vested equipment, including a description of any vulnerabilities or weaknesses of each such Ministry’s internal controls and any plan in place to address shortfalls. (B) A description of the monitoring and evaluation systems in place to ensure assist-ance provided through such authority is used only for the intended purposes. (C) Any irregularities in the divestment of equipment to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces during the period begin-ning on the date of the creation of the Af-ghanistan Security Forces Fund, including any major losses of such equipment or any inability on the part of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to account for equipment so procured. (D) A description of the sustainment and maintenance costs required for major weap-ons platforms previously divested, over the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and a plan for how the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces intends to maintain such platforms in the future. (E) An assessment of the distribution prac-tices of the Afghan National Defense and Se-curity Forces, including the manner in which equipment received through the Af-ghanistan Security Forces Fund is employed. (F) The degree to which the Government of Afghanistan is effectively implementing an anti-corruption strategy. (G) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan is adhering to conditions for re-ceiving assistance established in annual fi-nancial commitment letters or any other bi-lateral agreements with the United States. (2) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUF -
FICIENT PROGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of De-fense determines, in consultation with the Secretary of State and taking into consider-ation the assessment under paragraph (1), that the Government of Afghanistan has made insufficient progress toward maintain-ing and employing equipment provided by the United States, the Secretary of Defense may withhold assistance for the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces under this section until such time as the Secretary determines sufficient progress has been made. (B) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, provide notice to Congress— (i) not later than 30 days after making a decision to withhold assistance pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (ii) not later than 30 days before resuming any such assistance pursuant to such sub-paragraph. 
SEC. 1522. JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—Sub- sections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amend-ments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to the funds made available for fiscal year 2019 to the Depart-ment of Defense for the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Fund. (b) INTERDICTION OF IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE  D
EVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds made available to the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund for fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000 may be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments that the Secretary has identified as critical for countering the flow of improvised explosive device precursor chemicals. (2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER US AGEN -
CIES.—If jointly agreed upon by the Sec-retary of Defense and the head of another de-partment or agency of the United States Government, the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds available under paragraph (1) to such department or agency for the provi-sion by such department or agency of train-ing, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign gov-ernments as described in that paragraph. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—None of the funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended to supply training, equipment, supplies, or services to a foreign country before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notice that contains— (A) the foreign country for which training, equipment, supplies, or services are proposed to be supplied; (B) a description of the training, equip-ment, supplies, and services to be provided using such funds; (C) a detailed description of the amount of funds proposed to be obligated or expended to supply such training, equipment, supplies or services, including any funds proposed to be obligated or expended to support the par-ticipation of another department or agency of the United States and a description of the training, equipment, supplies, or services proposed to be supplied; (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the efforts of the foreign country identified under subparagraph (A) to counter the flow of improvised explosive device precursor chemicals; and (E) an overall plan for countering the flow of precursor chemicals in the foreign country identified under subparagraph (A). (4) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by this subsection expires on December 31, 2019. (c) T
RANSITION PLANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan to transition funding for the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund from amounts made available for overseas contingency operations to amounts other-wise made available for the purposes of such Fund. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. IMPROVEMENTS TO ACQUISITION SYS-TEM, PERSONNEL, AND ORGANIZA-TION OF SPACE FORCES. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACQUISITION SYSTEM .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan to establish a separate, alternative acquisition system for defense space acquisitions, including with re-spect to procuring space vehicles, ground segments relating to such vehicles, and sat-ellite terminals. (2) REQUIREMENTS PROCESS .—The plan de-veloped under paragraph (1) shall include recommendations of the Deputy Secretary with respect to whether the separate, alter-native acquisition system described in the plan should use the Joint Capabilities Inte-gration and Development System process or instead use a new requirements process de-veloped by the Deputy Secretary in a man-ner that ensures that requirements for a pro-gram are synchronized across the space vehi-cles, ground segments relating to such vehi-cles, and satellite terminals, of the program. (3) E
XCEPTION .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall cover defense space ac-quisitions except with respect to the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office and other ele-ments of the Department of Defense that are elements of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)). (4) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Deputy Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the plan developed under paragraph (1). (b) C
ADRE DEVELOPMENT .— (1) P
LAN.— (A) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop and implement a plan to increase the number and improve the quality of the space cadre of the Air Force. (B) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan devel-oped under subparagraph (A) shall address the following: (i) Managing the career progression of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who form the space cadre of the Air Force throughout the military or civilian career of the member or the employee, as the case may be, including with respect to— (I) defining career professional milestones; (II) pay and incentive structures; (III) the management and oversight of the space cadre; (IV) training relating to planning and exe-cuting warfighting missions and operations in space; (V) conducting periodic cadre-wide profes-sional assessments to determine how the cadre is developing as a group; and (VI) establishing a centralized method to control personnel assignments and distribu-tion. (ii) The identification of future space-re-lated career fields that the Secretary deter-mines appropriate, including a space acquisi-tion career field. (iii) The identification of any overlap that exists among operations and acquisitions ca-reer fields to determine opportunities for cross-functional career opportunities. (C) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report con-taining the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) N
UMBERED AIR FORCE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall establish as part of the Air Force a new numbered Air Force that is— (i) responsible for carrying out space warfighting operations; and (ii) assigned to the United States Space Command established by section 169 of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (c). (B) E
FFECT ON 14TH AIR FORCE .—The estab-lishment of a new numbered Air Force under subparagraph (A) shall not effect the space support mission of the 14th Air Force, in-cluding with respect to— (i) space launches, training, and exercises; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4459 May 22, 2018 
(ii) being assigned to the Air Force Space Command. (C) P
LAN.—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan to es-tablish the new numbered Air Force under subparagraph (A). (c) E
STABLISHMENT OF SUBORDINATE UNI-
FIED COMMAND .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 6 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 169. Subordinate unified command of the United States Strategic Command ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—With the advice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, through the Secretary of Defense, shall establish under the United States Strategic Command a sub-ordinate unified command to be known as the United States Space Command (in this section referred to as ‘space command’) for carrying out joint space warfighting oper-ations. ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF FORCES .—Unless other-wise directed by the Secretary of Defense, all active and reserve space warfighting oper-ational forces of the armed forces shall be as-signed to the space command, including the numbered Air Force responsible for carrying out space warfighting operations. ‘‘(c) C
OMMANDER .—(1) The commander of the space command shall hold the grade of general or, in the case of an officer of the Navy, admiral while serving in that position, without vacating the permanent grade of the officer. The commander shall be appointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. The position shall be des-ignated, pursuant to subsection (b) of section 526 of this title, as one of the general officer and flag officer positions to be excluded from the limitations in subsection (a) of such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) During the three-year period following the date on which the space command is es-tablished, the commander of the Air Force Space Command may also serve as the com-mander of the space command so estab-lished. After such period, one individual may not concurrently serve as both such com-manders. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY OF COMMANDER .—(1) Sub- ject to the authority, direction, and control of the commander of the United States Stra-tegic Command, the commander of the space command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, all affairs of such command relating to joint space warfighting operations. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Deputy Secretary of De-fense, the commander of the space command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following func-tions relating to joint space warfighting op-erations (whether or not relating to the space command): ‘‘(i) Developing strategy, doctrine, and tac-tics. ‘‘(ii) Preparing and submitting to the Sec-retary of Defense program recommendations and budget proposals for space operations forces and for other forces assigned to the space command. ‘‘(iii) Exercising authority, direction, and control over the expenditure of funds for forces assigned directly to the space com-mand. ‘‘(iv) Training and certification of assigned joint forces. ‘‘(v) Conducting specialized courses of in-struction for commissioned and noncommis-sioned officers. ‘‘(vi) Validating requirements. ‘‘(vii) Establishing priorities for require-ments. ‘‘(viii) Ensuring the interoperability of equipment and forces. ‘‘(ix) Formulating and submitting require-ments for intelligence support. ‘‘(x) Monitoring the promotion of space op-eration forces and coordinating with the military departments regarding the assign-ment, retention, training, professional mili-tary education, and special and incentive pays of space operation forces. ‘‘(B) The authority, direction, and control exercised by the Deputy Secretary of Defense for purposes of this paragraph is authority, direction, and control with respect to the ad-ministration and support of the space com-mand, including readiness and organization of space operations forces, space operations- peculiar equipment and resources, and civil-ian personnel. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as providing the Deputy Secretary of Defense authority, direction, and control of operational matters that are subject to the operational chain of command of the combatant commands or the exercise of au-thority, direction, and control of personnel, resources, equipment, and other matters that are not space-operations peculiar and that are in the purview of the armed forces. ‘‘(3) The commander of the space command shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) ensuring the combat readiness of forces assigned to the space command; and ‘‘(B) monitoring the preparedness to carry out assigned missions of space forces as-signed to unified combatant commands other than the United States Strategic Command. ‘‘(4) The staff of the commander shall in-clude an inspector general who shall conduct internal audits and inspections of purchasing and contracting actions through the space command and such other inspector general functions as may be assigned. ‘‘(e) INTELLIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVI -
TIES.—This section does not constitute au-thority to conduct any activity which, if car-ried out as an intelligence activity by the Department of Defense, would require a no-tice to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 167b the following new item: ‘‘169. Subordinate unified command of the United States Strategic Com-mand’’. 
SEC. 1602. RAPID, RESPONSIVE, AND RELIABLE SPACE LAUNCH. 
(a) A SSURED ACCESS TO SPACE .—Section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) the availability of rapid, responsive, and reliable space launches for national se-curity space programs to— ‘‘(A) improve the responsiveness and flexi-bility of a national security space system; ‘‘(B) lower the costs of launching a na-tional security space system; and ‘‘(C) maintain risks of mission success at acceptably low levels.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and the Di-rector of National Intelligence’’. (b) R
EUSABILITY OF LAUNCH VEHICLES .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—Effective March 1, 2019, the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle pro-gram of the Department of Defense shall be known as the ‘‘National Security Space Launch program’’. Any reference in Federal law, regulations, guidance, instructions, or other documents of the Federal Government to the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Security Space Launch pro-gram. (2) REQUIREMENT .—In carrying out the Na-tional Security Space Launch program, the Secretary of Defense shall provide for con-sideration of both reusable and expendable launch vehicles with respect to any solicita-tion occurring on or after March 1, 2019, for which the use of a reusable launch vehicle is technically capable and maintains risk at acceptable levels. (3) N
OTIFICATION OF SOLICITATIONS FOR NON - 
REUSABLE LAUNCH VEHICLES .—Beginning March 1, 2019, if the Secretary proposes to issue a solicitation for a contract for space launch services for which the use of reusable launch vehicles is not eligible for the award of the contract, the Secretary shall notify in writing the appropriate congressional com-mittees of such proposed solicitation, includ-ing justifications for such ineligibility, by not later than 60 days before issuing such so-licitation. (c) R
ISK AND COSTIMPACT ANALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a risk and cost impact analysis with re-spect to launch services that use reusable launch vehicles. Such analysis shall in-clude— (A) an assessment of how the inspection and certification regime of the Air Force for previously flown launch vehicles will ensure increased responsiveness and operational flexibility while maintaining acceptably low risk; and (B) an assessment of the anticipated cost savings to the Department of Defense real-ized by using a previously flown launch vehi-cle or components. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees the anal-ysis conducted under paragraph (1). (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1603. PROVISION OF SPACE SITUATIONAL AWARENESS SERVICES AND INFOR-MATION. 
(a) R OLE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— Section 2274(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense may’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Beginning January 1, 2024, the Sec-retary may provide space situational aware-ness services and information to, and may obtain space situational awareness data and information from, non-United States Gov-ernment entities under paragraph (1) only to the extent that the Secretary determines such actions are necessary to meet the na-tional security interests of the United States.’’. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— (1) FFRDC.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center for which the De-partment of Defense is a sponsor to assess 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4460 May 22, 2018 
which single or combination of departments or agencies of the Federal Government, if any, should assume the authorities of the Secretary of Defense under paragraph (1) of section 2274(a) of title 10, United States Code, that the Secretary will no longer carry out beginning on January 1, 2024, pursuant to paragraph (2) of such section, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The assessment under paragraph (1) shall consider the following: (A) The existing staff, budgetary resources, and institutional expertise of the depart-ments and agencies of the Federal Govern-ment evaluated by the assessment. (B) The demonstrated ability of such de-partments and agencies to work collabo-ratively with industry in developing best practices or consensus standards. (C) The capacity of such departments and agencies to facilitate communication be-tween space object operators to avoid a colli-sion. (D) The ability of such departments and agencies to use other transaction agree-ments or similar transaction mechanisms. (E) Existing non-profit organizations through which such departments and agen-cies may oversee the private provision of space situational awareness services and in-formation. (3) S
UBMISSION .— (A) DOD.—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary and a federally funded research and development center enter into the contract under paragraph (1), the center shall submit to the Secretary a report on the assessment conducted under such paragraph. (B) C
ONGRESS .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees such report, without change. (c) P
LAN.— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the heads of other departments or agencies of the Federal Government determined appropriate by the Secretary, shall develop a plan to ensure that one or more departments or agencies of the Federal Government other than the De-partment of Defense may provide space situ-ational awareness services and information to non-United States Government entities. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In developing the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into consideration the assessment conducted under subsection (b)(1). (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the report under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the plan developed under paragraph (1). (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1604. BUDGET ASSESSMENTS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE PROGRAMS. 
Section 239(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the budget for national secu-rity space programs of the Department of Defense. The Secretary may include the re-port in the defense budget materials if the Secretary submits such materials to Con-gress by such date.’’. SEC. 1605. ENHANCEMENT OF POSITIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING CAPAC-ITY. 
(a) C APABILITY FOR TRUSTED SIGNALS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals have the capability, in-cluding with appropriate mitigation efforts, to receive trusted signals from the Galileo satellites of the European Union and the QZSS satellites of Japan, beginning with in-crement 2 of the acquisition of such termi-nals. (b) C
APABILITY FOR OTHER SIGNALS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals having the capability to receive non-allied positioning, navigation, and timing signals, beginning with incre-ment 2 of the acquisition of such terminals, if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, determines that— (1) the benefits of receiving such signals outweigh the risks; or (2) such risks can be appropriately miti-gated. (c) E
NGAGEMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense, jointly with the Secretary of State, shall engage with relevant allies of the United States to— (1) enable military Global Positioning Sys-tem user equipment terminals to receive the positioning, navigation, and timing signals of such allies; and (2) negotiate as appropriate other potential agreements relating to the enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing. 
SEC. 1606. USE OF SMALL- AND MEDIUM-SIZE BUSES FOR STRATEGIC AND TAC-TICAL SATELLITE PAYLOADS. 
(a) B RIEFING ON RISKS, BENEFITS , ANDCOST S
AVINGS .— (1) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate con-gressional committee upon request, a brief-ing on the risks, benefits, and cost savings with respect to using small- and medium-size buses for strategic and tactical satellite pay-loads for protected satellite communications programs and next-generation overhead per-sistent infrared systems. (2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The briefing pro-vided under paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Increasing component and subcompo-nent commonality for power regulation, solar arrays, battery technology, thermal control, and avionics. (B) The security of the supply chain, in-cluding a strategy to mitigate risk in such supply chain. (b) A
NALYSES OF ALTERNATIVES .— (1) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—With respect to each analysis of alternatives of new space vehicles relating to a program described in paragraph (2), the Director for Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall certify to the ap-propriate congressional committees that the analysis— (A) includes materiel solutions for using small- and medium-size buses; and (B) considers the relevant operational ben-efits and potential cost savings of using small-, medium-, and large-size buses. (2) PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .—The programs described in this paragraph are the programs of the Department of Defense relating to any of the following: (A) Protected satellite communications. (B) Next-generation overhead persistent infrared systems. (C) Space-based environmental monitoring. (c) B
RIEFING ON ALTERNATIVE SPACE -BASED  A
RCHITECTURES .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional com-mittee upon request, a briefing on alter-native space-based architectures for the pro-grams described in subsection (b)(2) using small-, medium-, and large-size buses. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1607. DESIGNATION OF COMPONENT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE RESPON-SIBLE FOR COORDINATION OF MOD-ERNIZATION EFFORTS RELATING TO MILITARY-CODE CAPABLE GPS RE-CEIVER CARDS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments and the heads of Defense Agencies the Secretary determines appropriate, shall des-ignate a component of the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense to be responsible for co-ordinating common solutions for the M-code modernization efforts among the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Department of Defense. (b) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The roles and responsibilities of the component se-lected under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Identify the elements of the Depart-ment of Defense and the programs of the De-partment that require M-code capable re-ceiver cards and determine— (A) the number of total receiver cards re-quired by the Department, including the number required for each such element and program and the military departments; (B) the timeline, by fiscal year, for each program of the Department conducting M- code modernization efforts; and (C) the projected cost for each such pro-gram. (2) Systematically collect integration test data, lessons learned, and design solutions, and share such information with other ele-ments of the Department. (3) Identify ways the Department can pre-vent duplication in conducting M-code mod-ernization efforts, and identify, to the extent practicable, potential cost savings that could be realized by addressing such duplication. (4) Coordinate the integration, testing, and procurement of M-code capable receiver cards to ensure that the Department maxi-mizes the buying power of the Department, reduces duplication, and saves resources, where possible. (c) S
UPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and other elements of the Department of Defense provide the compo-nent selected under subsection (a) with the appropriate support and resources needed to perform the roles and responsibilities under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4461 May 22, 2018 
(d) R EPORTS .—Not later than March 15, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a report on M-code modernization efforts. Each re-port shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report, the following: (1) The projected cost and schedule, by fis-cal year, for the Department to acquire M- code capable receiver cards. (2) The programs of the Department con-ducting M-code modernization efforts. (3) The number of M-code capable receiver cards procured by the Department, the num-ber of such receiver cards yet to be procured, and the percentage of the M-code moderniza-tion efforts completed by each program iden-tified under paragraph (2). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘M-code capable receiver card’’ means a Global Positioning System re-ceiver card that is capable of receiving mili-tary code that provides enhanced posi-tioning, navigation, and timing capabilities and improved resistance to existing and emerging threats, such as jamming. (2) The term ‘‘M-code modernization ef-forts’’ means the development, integration, testing, and procurement programs of the Department of Defense relating to devel-oping M-code capable receiver cards. 
SEC. 1608. DESIGNATION OF COMPONENT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE RESPON-SIBLE FOR COORDINATION OF HOSTED PAYLOAD INFORMATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Using commercially hosted payloads is an option for the Department of Defense that should be considered in analyses of alter-natives, as it could increase cost savings, speed up capability to orbit, and contribute to resilience through the use of disaggregated space systems by the Depart-ment. (2) The use by the Department of commer-cially hosted payloads has been limited so far, using commercial satellites to host three experimental payloads to date, though the use of hosted payloads could expand in the future. (3) The Department does not have the knowledge the Department needs to deter-mine if commercially hosted payloads are an acquisition approach worth pursuing. (4) The Department faces challenges in matching payloads to commercial hosts, due to numerous logistical challenges to match-ing payloads to hosts, including coordinating the size, weight and power of the payload with the commercial host, and aligning ac-quisition and funding timelines between gov-ernment and commercial programs. (5) The Comptroller General of the United States in preliminary findings concluded that the space acquisition culture of the De-partment lacks sufficient knowledge, such as costs, technical parameters, and lessons learned, to determine the benefits and ad-dress the challenges of using commercially hosted payloads and that the existing knowl-edge is fragmented across the Department without any plans to consolidate it. (6) Programs are not required to report data on commercially hosted payloads to any centralized office or database, and leveraging cost and technical data from hosted payload efforts could inform future interested programs and avoid duplication of efforts, but currently no such comprehensive data source exists. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, and other Secretaries of the military depart-ments and the heads of Defense Agencies the Secretary determines appropriate, shall des-ignate a component of the Department of De-fense or a military department to be respon-sible for coordinating information, proc-esses, and lessons learned relating to using commercially hosted payloads across the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Depart-ment of Defense. The functions of such des-ignated component shall include, at a min-imum, the following: (1) Systematically collecting information from past and planned hosted payload ar-rangements to inform future acquisition planning and space system architecture de-sign, including integration test data, lessons learned, and design solutions. (2) Creating a centralized database for cost, technical data, and lessons learned on com-mercially hosted payloads and sharing such information with other elements of the De-partment. SEC. 1609. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR JOINT SPACE OPER-ATIONS CENTER MISSION SYSTEM. 
(a) JMS.—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Joint Space Operations Center mission sys-tem may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Deputy Secretary of De-fense makes the certification under sub-section (c). (b) ESBMC2.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for service and management applications of the enterprise space battle management command and con-trol, not more than 75 percent may be obli-gated or expended until the date on which the Deputy Secretary of Defense makes the certification under subsection (c). (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense, without delegation, shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary of the Air Force has en-tered into a contract to operationalize exist-ing, proven, best-in-breed commercial space situational awareness processing software to address warfighter requirements and fill gaps in current space situational capabilities. 
SEC. 1610. EVALUATION AND ENHANCED SECU-RITY OF SUPPLY CHAIN FOR PRO-TECTED SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TIONS PROGRAMS AND OVERHEAD PERSISTENT INFRARED SYSTEMS. 
(a) E VALUATIONS OF SUPPLY CHAIN V
ULNERABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2020, and in accordance with the plan under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall conduct evalua-tions of the supply chain vulnerabilities of each covered program. (2) P
LAN.— (A) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall de-velop a plan to carry out the evaluations under paragraph (1), including with respect to the personnel and resources required to carry out such evaluations. (B) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the plan under subparagraph (A). (3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive, on a case-by-case basis with respect to a cov-ered program, either the requirement to con-duct an evaluation under paragraph (1) or the deadline specified in such paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees before such date that all known supply chain vulnerabilities of such covered program have minimal consequences for the capability of such covered program to meet operational requirements or otherwise satisfy mission requirements. (4) RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES .—In car- rying out an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall develop— (A) strategies for mitigating the risks of supply chain vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluation; and (B) cost estimates for such strategies. (b) P
RIORITIZATION OF CERTAIN SUPPLY  C
HAIN RISKMANAGEMENT EFFORTS .— (1) I
NSTRUCTIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a Department of Defense Instruction, or update such an In-struction, establishing the prioritization of supply chain risk management programs, in-cluding supply chain risk management threat assessment reporting, to ensure that acquisition and sustainment programs relat-ing to covered programs receive the highest priority of such supply chain risk manage-ment programs and reporting. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish requirements to carry out supply chain risk management threat assessment collections and analyses under acquisition and sustainment programs relating to cov-ered programs. (B) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the requirements established under subparagraph (A). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered programs’’ means programs of the Department of Defense re-lating to any of the following: (A) Protected satellite communications. (B) Next-generation overhead persistent infrared systems. 
SEC. 1611. REPORT ON PROTECTED SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS. 
Not later than December 31, 2018, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on how each of the following programs will meet the requirements for resilience, mis-sion assurance, and the nuclear command, control, and communication missions of the Department of Defense: (1) The evolved strategic satellite program. (2) The protected tactical service program. (3) The protected tactical enterprise serv-ice program. 
SEC. 1612. PLAN ON SPACE WARFIGHTING READI-NESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, and commence the implementation of, a plan that— (1) identifies joint mission-essential tasks for space as a warfighting domain; (2) identifies any additional authorities, or delegated authorities, that would need to ac-company the employment of forces to meet such mission-essential tasks; (3) meets the readiness requirements for space warfighting, including with respect to equipment, training, and personnel, to meet such mission-essential tasks; and (4) considers the contributions by allies and partners of the United States with re-spect to defense space capabilities to in-crease burden sharing across space systems, as appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4462 May 22, 2018 
(b) B RIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing describing the authorities identified under subsection (a)(2) that the Secretary determines require legislative ac-tion. 
SEC. 1613. STUDY ON SPACE-BASED RADIO FRE-QUENCY MAPPING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly conduct a study on the capabilities of the private sector with respect to space- based radio frequency mapping and associ-ated operations and services for space-based electromagnetic collections. Such study shall address the following: (1) The near-term commercial market of-ferings of such operations and services in the United States and outside the United States. (2) The potential benefits to the United States provided by such operations and serv-ices. (3) The potential risks to the United States posed by such operations and services. (4) The sufficiency of existing legal au-thorities available to the Secretary and the Director to address such potential risks. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director shall jointly sub-mit to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report containing the study under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1614. PLAN TO PROVIDE PERSISTENT WEATHER IMAGERY FOR UNITED STATES CENTRAL COMMAND. 
(a) P LAN.—The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan to provide the United States Central Command with persistent weather imagery for the area of operations of the Command beginning not later than January 1, 2026. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan devel-oped under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A long-term method for providing the United States Central Command with per-sistent weather imagery for the area of oper-ations of the Command that— (A) does not rely on data provided by a for-eign government; and (B) does not include relocating legacy geo-stationary operational environmental sat-ellites. (2) A description of the costs required to carry out the plan. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees the plan de-veloped under subsection (a). Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities 
SEC. 1621. ROLE OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. 
Subsection (b) of section 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall— ‘‘(1) have responsibility for the overall di-rection and supervision for policy, program planning and execution, and use of resources, for the activities of the Department of De-fense that are part of the Military Intel-ligence Program; ‘‘(2) execute the functions for the National Intelligence Program of the Department of Defense under section 105 of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), as dele-gated by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(3) have responsibility for the overall di-rection and supervision for policy, program planning and execution, and use of resources, for the information security, personnel secu-rity, physical security, and industrial secu-rity related activities of the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(4) perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary of Defense may pre-scribe in the area of intelligence.’’. SEC. 1622. SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR DUAL NA-TIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 80 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1564a the following new section: ‘‘§ 1564b. Security clearance for dual nation-als ‘‘(a) A
DDITIONAL REVIEW .—(1) In the case of an individual described in paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense shall develop a process to review foreign preference in accordance with the adjudicative guidelines under part 147 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, or such successor regulation, before approv-ing a security clearance for such individual. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall designate an offi-cial of the Department of Defense to be re-sponsible for adjudicating any derogatory in-formation of an individual described in para-graph (3) concerning foreign preference that is discovered after the security clearance of the individual is approved. ‘‘(3) An individual described in this para-graph is an individual who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) a civilian employee or contractor who requires access to classified information; or ‘‘(ii) a member of the armed forces who re-quires access to classified information. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—(1) In the case of an indi-vidual who is a national of the United States and also a national of a foreign state identi-fied under paragraph (2), the Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Director of National Intelligence shall identify foreign states that authorize citizens or nationals of the United States to serve in positions of trust equivalent to posi-tions in the United States Government that require access to classified information.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1564a the following new item: ‘‘1564b. Security clearance for dual nation-als.’’. (c) B
RIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional com-mittee upon request, a briefing on— (A) the process developed under paragraph (1) of section 1564b(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a); and (B) the official designated under paragraph (2) of such section 1564b(a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. SEC. 1623. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COUNTER-INTELLIGENCE POLYGRAPH PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A DDITION OF DUAL-NATIONALS .—Sub- section (b) of section 1564a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) P
ERSONS COVERED .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (d), the following persons are subject to this section: ‘‘(1) With respect to persons whose duties are described in subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) personnel of defense contractors; ‘‘(C) persons assigned or detailed to the De-partment of Defense; and ‘‘(D) applicants for a position in the De-partment of Defense. ‘‘(2) A person who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) a civilian employee or contractor who requires access to classified information; or ‘‘(ii) a member of the armed forces who re-quires access to classified information.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR DUAL-NATIONALS .—Sub- section (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) With respect to persons described in subsection (b)(2), to assist in assessing for-eign preference or foreign influence risks, as described in part 147 of title 32, Code of Fed-eral Regulation, or such successor regula-tions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘in sub-section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (b)(1)’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘in subsections (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-sections (b)(1)’’. 
SEC. 1624. DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED BUSINESS PROCESS  R
ULES .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, shall develop and implement standardized business process rules for the planning, programming, budgeting, and exe-cution process for the Military Intelligence Program. (2) T
REATMENT OF DATA .—The Chief Man-agement Officer shall develop the standard-ized business process rules under paragraph (1) in accordance with section 911 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1519; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) and section 2222(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (3) U
SE OF EXISTING SYSTEMS .—In devel- oping the standardized business process rules under paragraph (1), to the extent prac-ticable, the Chief Management Officer shall use enterprise business systems of the De-partment of Defense in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chief Management Officer of the Depart-ment of Defense, the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller), and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall jointly sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report containing a plan to develop the standardized business process rules under paragraph (1). (5) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4463 May 22, 2018 
(A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 239b. Certain intelligence-related pro-grams: budget justification materials ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF PROGRAM ELE-
MENTS .—In the budget justification mate-rials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31), the Sec-retary of Defense may not include in any sin-gle program element both funds made avail-able under the Military Intelligence Pro-gram and funds made available outside of the Military Intelligence Program. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘budget’ has the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘defense budget materials’ has the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 239a the following new item: ‘‘239b. Certain intelligence-related programs: budget justification materials’’. 
SEC. 1625. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEIL-LANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE RE-QUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1626 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3635), as amended by section 1624 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1732), is fur-ther amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for the year preceding the year in which the briefing is provided— ‘‘(i) the number of hours or amount of ca-pacity of intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance requested by each commander of a combatant command, by specific intel-ligence capability type; ‘‘(ii) the number of such requests identified under clause (i) that the Joint Chiefs of Staff determined to be a validated requirement, including the number of hours or amount of capacity of such requests that were provided to each such commander; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to such validated re-quirements, the number of hours or amount of capacity of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, by specific intelligence capa-bility type, that the Joint Chiefs of Staff re-quested each military department to pro-vide, and the number of such hours or the amount of such capacity so provided by each such military department; and’’. (b) C
ODIFICATION .—Such section 1626, as amended by subsection (a), is— (1) transferred to chapter 21 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) redesignated as subsection (c) of section 426 of such title. SEC. 1626. PROHIBITION ON THE AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ASSUMING BACKGROUND IN-VESTIGATION MISSION FOR THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended dur-ing the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2019, to transfer to the Department the background investigation mission for all agencies or departments of the Federal Gov-ernment using the National Background In-vestigation Bureau for investigative services as of April 1, 2018. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
SEC. 1631. AMENDMENTS TO PILOT PROGRAM RE-GARDING CYBER VULNERABILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CRIT-ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Subsection (b) of section 1650 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the Defense Digital Service’’ after ‘‘covered research laboratory’’; (2) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 1632. BUDGET DISPLAY FOR CYBER VULNER-ABILITY EVALUATIONS AND MITIGA-TION ACTIVITIES FOR MAJOR WEAP-ON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) B UDGET REQUIRED .—Beginning in fiscal year 2021 and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress, as a part of the documentation that supports the President’s annual budget for the Department of Defense, a consoli-dated Cyber Vulnerability Evaluation and Mitigation budget justification display for each major weapons system of the Depart-ment of Defense that includes the following: (1) C
YBER VULNERABILITY EVALUATIONS .— (A) S
TATUS .—Whether, in accordance with paragraph (1) of section 1647(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118), the cyber vulnerability evaluation for each such major weapon system is pending, in progress, complete, or, pursuant to para-graph (2) of such section, waived. (B) F
UNDING .—The funding required for the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and for at least the four suc-ceeding fiscal years required to complete the pending or in progress cyber vulnerability evaluation of each such major weapon sys-tem. (C) D
ESCRIPTION .—A description of the ac-tivities planned in the fiscal year with re-spect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years to complete the required evaluation for each such major weapon system. (D) R
ISK ANALYSIS .—A description of oper-ational or security risks associated with cyber vulnerabilities identified as a result of such cyber vulnerability evaluations that re-quire mitigation. (2) M
ITIGATION ACTIVITIES .— (A) S
TATUS .—Whether activities to address identified cyber vulnerabilities of such major weapon systems resulting in operational or security risks requiring mitigation are pend-ing, in progress, or complete. (B) F
UNDING .—The funding required for the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and for at least the four suc-ceeding fiscal years required to complete the pending or in progress mitigation activities referred to in subparagraph (A) related to such major weapon systems. (C) DESCRIPTION .—A description of the ac-tivities planned in the fiscal year with re-spect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years to complete any necessary mitigation. (b) F
ORM.—The display required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in an unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. 
SEC. 1633. TRANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN-FORMATION NETWORK TO UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall trans-fer all roles, missions, and responsibilities of the Commander, Joint Force Headquarters– Department of Defense Information Net-works (JFHQ–DODIN) from the Defense In-formation Support Agency to the Com-mander, United States Cyber Command. (b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Prior to the transfer required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall certify in writing to the congressional defense committees that such transfer shall not result in mission degradation. 
SEC. 1634. PILOT PROGRAM AUTHORITY TO EN-HANCE CYBERSECURITY AND RESIL-IENCY OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Home-land Security, is authorized to provide, de-tail, or assign technical personnel to the De-partment of Homeland Security on a non-re-imbursable basis to enhance cybersecurity cooperation, collaboration, and unity of Gov-ernment efforts. (b) S
COPE OF ASSISTANCE .—The authority under subsection (a) shall be limited in any fiscal year to the provision of not more than 50 technical cybersecurity personnel from the Department of Defense to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, including the national cybersecurity and communications integration center (NCCIC) of the Depart-ment, or other locations as agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security. (c) L
IMITATION .—The authority under sub-section (a) may not negatively impact the primary missions of the Department of De-fense or the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish procedures to carry out sub-section (a), including procedures relating to the protection of and safeguards for mainte-nance of information held by the NCCIC re-garding United States persons. (2) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as providing authority to the Secretary of Defense to establish proce-dures regarding the NCCIC with respect to any matter outside the scope of this section. (e) N
OEFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY TO  P
ROVIDE SUPPORT .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of an Executive department, military depart-ment, or independent establishment to pro-vide any appropriate support, including cy-bersecurity support, or to provide, detail, or assign personnel, under any other law, rule, or regulation. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, each of the terms ‘‘Executive department’’, ‘‘mili-tary department’’, and ‘‘independent estab-lishment’’, has the meaning given each of such terms, respectively, in chapter 1 of title 5, United States Code. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—This sec- tion shall terminate on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 1635. PILOT PROGRAM ON REGIONAL CYBER SECURITY TRAINING CENTER FOR THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of the Army may carry out a pilot program under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4464 May 22, 2018 
which the Secretary establishes a National Guard training center to provide collabo-rative interagency education and training for members of the Army National Guard. (b) D
URATION .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall carry out the pilot program for a two-year period. (c) C
ENTER .— (1) T
RAINING AND COOPERATION .—In car- rying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the training center established under such sub-section— (A) educates and trains members of the Army National Guard quickly and efficiently by concurrently training cyber protection teams and cyber network defense teams on a common standard in order to defend— (i) the information network of the Depart-ment of Defense in a State environment; (ii) while acting under title 10, United States Code, the information networks of State governments; and (iii) critical infrastructure; (B) fosters interagency cooperation by— (i) co-locating members of the Army Na-tional Guard with personnel of departments and agencies of the Federal Government and State governments; and (ii) providing an environment to develop interagency relationship to coordinate re-sponses and recovery efforts during and fol-lowing a cyber attack; (C) collaborates with academic institutions to develop and implement curriculum for interagency education and training within the classroom; and (D) coordinates with the Persistent Cyber Training Environment of the Army Cyber Command in devising and implementing interagency education and training using physical and information technology infra-structure. (2) L
OCATIONS .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall select one National Guard fa-cility at which to carry out the pilot pro-gram. The Secretary shall select a facility that is located in an area that meets the fol-lowing criteria: (A) The location has a need for cyber train-ing, as measured by both the number of members of the Army National Guard that would apply for such training and the num-ber of units of the Army National Guard that verify the unit would apply for such train-ing. (B) The location has high capacity infor-mation and telecommunications infrastruc-ture, including high speed fiber optic net-works. (C) The location has personnel, technology, laboratories, and facilities to support pro-posed activities and has the opportunity for ongoing training, education, and research. (d) A
CTIVITIES .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the pilot pro-gram includes the following activities: (1) Providing joint education and training and accelerating training certifications for working in a cyber range. (2) Integrating education and training be-tween the National Guard, law enforcement, and emergency medical and fire first re-sponders. (3) Providing a program to continuously train the cyber network defense teams to not only defend the information network of the Department of Defense, but to also provide education and training on how to use defense capabilities of the team in a State environ-ment. (4) Developing curriculum and educating the National Guard on the different missions carried out under titles 10 and 32, United States Code, in order to enhance interagency coordination and create a common operating picture. SEC. 1636. PROCEDURES AND REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT ON CYBERSECURITY BREACHES AND LOSS OF PERSON-ALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the event of a signifi-cant loss of personally identifiable informa-tion of civilian or uniformed members of the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense shall promptly submit to the congressional de-fense committees notice in writing of such loss. Such notice may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified formats. (b) P
ROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees procedures for complying with the re-quirements of subsection (a). Such proce-dures shall be consistent with the national security of the United States, the protection of operational integrity, and the protection of personally identifiable information of ci-vilian and uniformed members of the Armed Forces. (c) S
IGNIFICANT LOSS OF PERSONALLY IDEN-
TIFIABLE INFORMATION DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘significant loss of personally identifiable information’’ means an inten-tional, accidental, or otherwise known dis-closure of information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, such as the name, Social Security number, date and place of birth, biometric records, home or other phone numbers, or other de-mographic, personnel, medical, or financial information, involving 250 or more civilian or uniformed members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1637. CYBER INSTITUTES AT THE SENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to es-tablish a cyber institute at each of the sen-ior military colleges (referred to in this sec-tion as an ‘‘SMC Cyber Institute’’) for pur-poses of accelerating and focusing the devel-opment of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense, including such lead-ers of the reserve components. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each SMC Cyber Institute established under subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the Department of Defense who possess cyber operational expertise from beginning through advanced skill levels with instruc-tion and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifications and degrees in cyber-related fields. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign language proficiency training for such future leaders that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance critical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical foundations of cryptography and courses in cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber edu-cation along with the strategic foreign lan-guage programs critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs related to data science and courses in data science theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic foreign language programs critical to cyber oper-ations. (5) Programs designed to develop early in-terest and cyber talent through summer pro-grams for elementary and secondary school students and dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, strategic foreign language, data science, and cryptography related courses. (6) Training and education programs to ex-pand the pool of qualified instructors nec-essary to support cyber education in regional school systems. (c) PARTNERSHIPS WITH DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—A SMC Cyber Institute established under subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more components of the Armed Forces (ac-tive or reserve) or any agency of the Depart-ment of Defense to facilitate the develop-ment of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a career with the Department of Defense. (d) P
ARTNERSHIPS WITHOTHER SCHOOLS .—A SMC Cyber Institute established under sub-section (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to carry out the requirements of this section. (e) S
ENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ means the senior military colleges described in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1638. STUDY AND REPORT ON RESERVE COMPONENT CYBER CIVIL SUPPORT TEAMS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretaries con-cerned shall conduct a study on the feasi-bility, advisability, and necessity of the es-tablishment of reserve component cyber civil support teams for each State. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An examination of the potential ability of the teams referred to in such subsection to respond to an attack, natural disaster, or other large-scale incident affecting computer networks, electronics, or cyber capabilities. (2) An analysis of State and local civilian and private sector cyber response capabili-ties and services, including an identification of any gaps in such capabilities and services. (3) An identification of the potential role of such teams with respect to the principles and processes set forth in— (A) Presidential Policy Directive 20 (United States Cyber Operations Policy); (B) Presidential Policy Directive 21 (Crit-ical Infrastructure Security and Resilience); and (C) Presidential Policy Directive 41 (United States Cyber Incident Coordination). (4) An explanation of how such teams may interact with other organizations and ele-ments of the Federal Government that have responsibilities under the Presidential Pol-icy Directives referred to in paragraph (3). (5) The amount of funding and other re-sources that may be required by the Depart-ment of Defense to organize, train, and equip such teams. (6) An explanation of how the establish-ment of such teams may affect the ability of the Department of Defense— (A) to organize, train, equip, and employ the Cyber Mission Force, and other organic cyber forces; and (B) to perform national defense missions and defense support to civil authorities for cyber incident response. (7) An explanation of how the establish-ment of such teams may affect the ability of the Department of Homeland Security— (A) to organize, train, equip, and employ cyber incident response teams; and (B) to perform civilian cyber response mis-sions. (8) Any effects on the privacy and civil lib-erties of United States persons that may re-sult from the establishment of such teams. (9) Any other considerations determined to be relevant by the Secretaries concerned. (c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries concerned shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4465 May 22, 2018 
(1) the results of the study conducted under subsection (a), including an expla-nation of each element described in sub-section (b); (2) the final determination of the Secre-taries with respect to the feasibility, advis-ability, and necessity of establishing reserve component cyber civil support teams for each State; and (3) if such final determination is in the af-firmative, proposed legislation for the estab-lishment of the teams, which may include proposed legislation to amend section 12310 of title 10, United States Code. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘reserve component cyber civil support team’’ means a team that— (A) is comprised of members of the reserve components; (B) is organized, trained, equipped, and sus-tained by the Department of Defense for the purpose of assisting State authorities in pre-paring for and responding to cyber incidents, cyber emergencies, and cyber attacks; and (C) operates principally under the com-mand and control of the Chief Executive of the State in which the team is located. (3) The term ‘‘Secretaries concerned’’ means the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security acting jointly. (4) The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING AND THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS COUNCIL. 
Section 179(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, Tech-nology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.’’. 
SEC. 1642. LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 217(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 706) are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) achieves initial operating capability for nuclear missions prior to the retirement of the nuclear-armed AGM–86; ‘‘(B) achieves initial operating capability for conventional missions by not later than four years after the date of the achievement under subparagraph (A); and’’. 
SEC. 1643. ACCELERATION OF GROUND-BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT PROGRAM AND LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAP-ON PROGRAM. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACCELERATION OF PRO-
GRAMS .—Consistent with validated military requirements and in accordance with appli-cable provisions of Federal law regarding ac-quisition, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall develop and implement— (1) a plan to accelerate the development, procurement, and fielding of the ground- based strategic deterrent program; and (2) a plan to accelerate the development, procurement, and fielding of the long-range standoff weapon. (b) CRITERIA .—The plans developed under subsection (a) shall meet the following cri-teria: (1) With respect to the plan developed under paragraph (1) of such subsection, the plan shall ensure that the ground-based stra-tegic deterrent program includes the recapi-talization of the full intercontinental bal-listic missile weapon system for 400 deployed missiles and associated spares and 450 launch facilities, without phasing or splitting the program, including with respect to the mis-sile flight system, ground-based infrastruc-ture and equipment, appropriate command and control elements. (2) The plans shall include a comprehensive assessment of the benefits, risks, feasibility, costs, and cost savings of various options for accelerating the respective program covered by the plan, including by considering— (A) accelerating— (i) the technology maturation and risk re-duction phase, including through the identi-fication of low and high technology readiness levels, requirements, and timelines for ma-turing such technology; (ii) the award of an engineering and manu-facturing development contract; and (iii) making the milestone B decision; (B) transitioning full acquisition author-ity, responsibility, and accountability of the respective program to the Secretary of the Air Force, including milestone decision au-thority; (C) providing a general officer-level pro-gram executive officer a dedicated, single- program, long-term assignment with a tai-lored acquisition approach, program strat-egy, and oversight model for the respective program that empowers the general officer to accelerate the program, make decisions, and be held accountable; (D) streamlining, as appropriate, test and evaluation activities for the respective pro-gram, particularly for proven technologies, while ensuring high confidence in the final deployed system; (E) leveraging agile software development or other innovative approaches to reduce timeframes for software development; (F) identifying and proposing statutory changes that the Under Secretary or the Sec-retary of the Air Force determine could ac-celerate the respective program; (G) identifying accelerated goals for initial operational capability and full operational capability for the respective program; and (H) such other options as the Under Sec-retary or the Secretary of the Air Force con-sider appropriate. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plans developed under subsection (a), includ-ing an assessment of the options considered and the options selected to be implemented under the plans. (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 160 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the views of the Commander with respect to the plans developed under subsection (a). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘milestone B decision’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2400(a) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘milestone decision author-ity’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2366a(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1644. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in division D, $9,841,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) COVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means com-mercially available off-the-shelf items as de-fined in section 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1645. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION OF THE INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MIS-SILES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense shall be obligated or expended for— (1) reducing, or preparing to reduce, the re-sponsiveness or alert level of the interconti-nental ballistic missiles of the United States; or (2) reducing, or preparing to reduce, the quantity of deployed intercontinental bal-listic missiles of the United States to a num-ber less than 400. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) shall not apply to any of the fol-lowing activities: (1) The maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reli-ability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
SEC. 1646. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MO-BILE VARIANT OF GROUND-BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT MISSILE. 
Section 1664 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2615), as amended by section 1663 by the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 1647. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS LAUNCH-UNDER-ATTACK OPTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Maintaining a safe, effective, and reli-able nuclear arsenal and command and con-trol system are high priorities for ensuring national security. (2) The current launch-under-attack op-tion, particularly for the intercontinental ballistic missile forces, could require a quick decision, on the order of minutes, on whether to use these weapons to respond to an incom-ing attack. (b) I
NDEPENDENT STUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the potential benefits and risks of reducing the role of the launch-under-attack option with respect to planning by the United States relating to nuclear weapons. (c) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary may not enter into the contract under subsection (b) with a federally funded research and develop-ment center for which the Air Force is the primary sponsor. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) S
UBMISSION TO DOD .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and devel-opment center shall submit to the Secretary a report containing the study conducted under subsection (b). Such report shall in-clude the findings and recommendations of the center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4466 May 22, 2018 
(2) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary receives the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees such report, without change. (3) F
ORM.—The reports under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1648. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DELIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Section 1043(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 1649. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NUCLEAR POSTURE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) for more than 70 years, the nuclear de-terrent of the United States has played a central role in the national security of the United States and international stability; (2) the nuclear forces of the United States have and will continue to play a funda-mental role in deterring aggression against the interests of the United States and the al-lies of the United States in an increasingly dangerous world; (3) strong, credible, and flexible nuclear forces of the United States assure the allies of the United States that the extended deter-rence guarantees of the United States are credible and that the resolve of the United States remains strong even in the face of nu-clear provocations, including nuclear coer-cion and blackmail; (4) the 2017 National Security Strategy and the 2018 National Defense Strategy correctly assess that, due to increased global disorder and complexity, the decline of the inter-national rules-based order and security envi-ronment, and the erosion of the competitive advantages of the United States, interstate strategic competition must now be the pri-mary focus of the national security strategy of the United States; (5) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review aligns with these conclusions, and recognizes that deterrence is dynamic, not static, and that while the nuclear posture and policies of the United States are underpinned by enduring consistency, such posture and policies must also undergo measured adjustments to re-main credible as threats evolve; (6) the Russian Federation has elevated the role of nuclear weapons in its strategies, is developing and deploying new nuclear capa-bilities (including a recently announced nu-clear-powered cruise missile and high-speed, nuclear-powered underwater drone), is vio-lating many arms control agreements (in-cluding the INF Treaty), and has made ex-plicit nuclear threats against the United States and the allies of the United States; (7) the United States remains committed to its full range of nuclear arms control and nonproliferation obligations and seeks con-tinued engagement for prudent and verifiable agreements, however, the policies and actions of the United States must also hold states that violate arms control trea-ties accountable for such violations and take such violations into account when consid-ering further arms control agreements; (8) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) plays an essential role in the na-tional security of the United States and NATO should continue to strengthen and align its nuclear and conventional deter-rence posture, planning, and exercises to align with modern threats, including mod-ernizing its dual-capable aircraft, command and control networks, nuclear-related facili-ties, and conventional capabilities; (9) to deter large-scale, catastrophic war with Russia, the People’s Republic of China, and other potential adversaries, as well as reassure allies, the United States requires reliable, diverse, and tailorable nuclear forces that are able to respond to a variety of current threats while preparing for future uncertainty; (10) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review recon-firms the value of the nuclear triad and dual- capable aircraft of the United States, directs the continuation of the comprehensive nu-clear modernization program initiated by the previous administration, and proposes two supplemental capabilities (a lower-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile war-head and a sea-launched cruise missile) that will strengthen deterrence and assurance and reduce the chances that nuclear weapons are used in conflict; (11) three successive Secretaries of Defense across two administrations have stated that nuclear deterrence is the highest priority mission of the Department of Defense; and (12) in light of this prioritization, the age of the current nuclear forces and infrastruc-ture of the United States, and the small per-centage of the defense budget that will be ex-pended on the recapitalization of the nuclear deterrent of the United States, the mod-ernization of the nuclear forces, command and control systems, and supporting infra-structure of the United States is affordable and a national imperative. 
SEC. 1650. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EXTENDED NUCLEAR DETERRENCE IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea poses a critical national security threat not only to the United States, but to the security and sta-bility of the entire Indo-Pacific region, in-cluding South Korea, Japan, and Australia; (2) the nuclear and conventional forces of the United States continue to play a funda-mental role in deterring aggression against its interests and the interests of its allies in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; (3) the United States stands unwaveringly behind its treaty obligations and assurances, including those related to defense and ex-tended nuclear deterrence, to South Korea, Japan, and Australia; (4) the complete, verifiable, and irrevers-ible denuclearization of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea remains a central foreign policy objective of the United States; (5) the status of any denuclearization or end-of-conflict agreement with the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea should not supersede such treaty obligations and assur-ances described in paragraph (3); and (6) the presence of United States Forces on the Korean Peninsula should remain strong and enduring. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1661. DEVELOPMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE-BASED SENSOR ARCHITEC-TURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Absent a missile defense review, the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2019 did not pro-pose funding for efforts within the Missile Defense Agency to further develop the Mis-sile Defense Tracking System (a future space sensor architecture) and instead funds were provided to the Air Force to determine the plan of the Department of Defense for future missile warning and tracking capabilities. (2) Delaying development and deployment of a space-based missile tracking capability further places the United States at a dis-advantage against hypersonic threats. (b) DEVELOPMENT REQUIRED .—Subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91; 131. Stat. 1777) is amended by striking ‘‘If consistent with the direction or recommendations of the Ballistic Missile De-fense Review that commenced in 2017, the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning fiscal year 2019, the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency, in co-ordination with the Director of National In-telligence, the Commander of the Air Force Space Command, and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command,’’. (c) P
LAN.— (1) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the development of the space-based sensor architecture under subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1777), not more than 25 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Director of the Missile Defense Agency submits the plan under subsection (e) of such section. (2) C
LARIFICATION OF ROLES .—Section 1683(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1777) is amended by striking ‘‘the Director shall submit’’ and inserting ‘‘the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Commander of the Air Force Space Command, and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall submit’’. (d) R
EPORT ON USE OF OTHER AUTHORI -
TIES.—Such section 1683 is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) R
EPORT ON USE OF OTHER AUTHORI -
TIES.—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the options available to the Director to use other transactional authorities pursuant to section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, to accelerate the de-velopment and deployment of the sensor ar-chitecture required by subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 1662. BOOST PHASE BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT AND STUDY .—Section 1685 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) D
EVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Beginning fiscal year 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall carry out a program to develop boost phase intercept capabilities that— ‘‘(A) are cost effective; ‘‘(B) are air-launched, ship-based, or both; and ‘‘(C) include kinetic interceptors. ‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—In developing kinetic boost phase intercept capabilities under paragraph (1), the Director may enter into partnerships with the Ministry of National Defense of the Republic of Korea or the Min-istry of Defense of Japan, or both. ‘‘(e) I
NDEPENDENT STUDY .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and develop-ment center to conduct a feasibility study on providing an initial or demonstrated boost phase capability using unmanned aerial ve-hicles and kinetic interceptors by December 31, 2021. Such study shall include, at a min-imum, a review of the study published by the Science, Technology, and National Security Working Group of the Massachusetts Insti-tute of Technology in 2017 titled ‘Airborne 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4467 May 22, 2018 
Patrol to Destroy DPRK ICBMs in Powered Flight’. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than July 31, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees the study conducted under paragraph (1).’’. (b) D
IRECTED ENERGY DEVELOPMENT .—Sub- section (b) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) R
OLE OF DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(A) T
RANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITY .—Begin- ning fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall transfer from the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to the Director of the Missile Defense Agency the responsi-bility to continue developing the interim di-rected energy boost phase ballistic missile defense capability specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) O
THER PROGRAMS .—In continuing the development under subparagraph (A), the Di-rector shall— ‘‘(i) leverage the efforts of the Under Sec-retary under the high energy laser advanced development program; and ‘‘(ii) share with the Under Secretary any information useful to such program. ‘‘(C) B
RIEFING .—Not later than February 28, 2019, the Director shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing on— ‘‘(i) specific criteria that the Director will address in the development under subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(ii) parameters used to measure progress in such development.’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION TO SENSE OF CONGRESS .— Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, if consistent with the direction or recommendations of the Ballistic Missile De-fense Review that commenced in 2017’’. 
SEC. 1663. IMPROVEMENTS TO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND ACQUISITION PROCESSES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
(a) R ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (1) T
RANSFER .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall trans-fer the authority and the total obligational authority for each research and development program described in paragraph (2) from the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. (2) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM  
DESCRIBED .—A research and development program described in this paragraph is a pro-gram that the Under Secretary identifies as meeting each of the following criteria: (A) The program consists of efforts to de-velop prototypes or science and technology, or has not yet received Milestone B approval (as defined in section 2366 of title 10, United States Code). (B) The efforts of the program either— (i) are planned to be incorporated into bal-listic missile defense systems; or (ii) have explicit applications for ballistic missile defense or hypersonic defense. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Under Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that— (A) lists each research and development program identified under paragraph (2); and (B) a summary of the efforts and funding required for such programs during the period covered by the future-years defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, as of the date of the report. (b) N
OTIFICATION ON CHANGES TO NON- 
STANDARD ACQUISITION PROCESSES AND RE-
SPONSIBILITIES .— (1) LIMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Secretary of Defense may be obligated or expended to change the non-standard acqui-sition processes and responsibilities de-scribed in paragraph (2) until— (A) the Secretary notifies the congres-sional defense committees of such proposed change; and (B) a period of 180 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date of such notification. (2) N
ON-STANDARD ACQUISITION PROCESSES  
AND RESPONSIBILITIES DESCRIBED .—The non- standard acquisition processes and respon-sibilities described in this paragraph are such processes and responsibilities described in— (A) the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense titled ‘‘Missile Defense Program Di-rection’’ signed on January 2, 2002; (B) Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (C) United States Strategic Command In-struction 583–3. (c) I
NTEGRATED MASTER TESTPLANINFOR -
MATION .— (1) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Together with the release of each integrated master test plan of the Missile Defense Agency, the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency shall make publicly available a version of each such plan that identifies the fiscal year and the fiscal quarter in which events under the plan will occur. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 30 days after the budget of the President for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021 is submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Director shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees the integrated master test plan of the Mis-sile Defense Agency, including any classified and unclassified versions of such plan. (d) M
ISSILE DEFENSE EXECUTIVE BOARD .—In addition to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering serving as chairman of the Missile Defense Executive Board pursuant to section 1676(c)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1773), the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment shall serve— (1) as a member of the Board; and (2) as co-chairman with respect to deci-sions regarding acquisition and the approval of acquisition and production milestones, in-cluding with respect to the use of other transaction authority contracts and trans-actions in excess of $500,000,000 (including all options). 
SEC. 1664. LAYERED DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States homeland (including Hawaii and Alaska) is currently protected against intercontinental ballistic missiles by the ground-based midcourse defense system, with 44 ground-based interceptors located at Fort Greely, Alaska, and Vandenberg, Cali-fornia. (2) The Department of Defense plans to ex-pand the number of ground-based intercep-tors to 64 interceptors by 2023 by adding Mis-sile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) continue to explore and deploy capabili-ties that increase the layered defense of the United States homeland; (2) support, if determined by the Secretary of Defense as necessary for the national se-curity of the United States, the deployment of a ground-based interceptor site, or poten-tial other ballistic missile defense systems pending successful testing, on the East Coast of the United States that— (A) weighs cost effectiveness and prioritization of capability; and (B) provides for increased protection of the continental United States from North Ko-rean and Iranian threats; (3) support the ability of the Army, the Navy, and the Missile Defense Agency to de-ploy fixed, semi-fixed, and mobile at-sea and ashore assets to locations to increase the layered defense of all of the United States homeland; and (4) support, as appropriate, further anal-ysis and testing for regional systems to be employed for the layered defense of the United States homeland. (c) CERTIFICATION .—Before the Secretary of Defense makes a potential determination to deploy regional assets to provide missile de-fense from longer range threats, the Sec-retary shall certify to the congressional de-fense committees that such deployment would not unnecessarily undermine or pose additional risk to strategic stability. (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of the United States Northern Command, and the Commander of the United States Pa-cific Command, shall provide to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing that— (1) describes options and plans to increase or improve the layered protection of the United States homeland (including Hawaii and Alaska) from threats posed by North Korea and threats posed by Iran; (2) addresses the capabilities and reli-ability of missile defense systems to defend against potential trajectories of missiles from both the North and South Poles; and (3) addresses technical capability and pol-icy with respect to such options. 
SEC. 1665. TESTING OF REDESIGNED KILL VEHI-CLE PRIOR TO PRODUCTION. 
(a) S UCCESSFUL TESTING REQUIRED .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency may not make a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle unless the vehicle has undergone at least one successful flight intercept test that meets the following criteria: (1) The test sufficiently assesses the per-formance of the vehicle in order to inform a lot production decision. (2) The results of the test demonstrate that the vehicle— (A) will work in an effective manner; and (B) has the ability to accomplish the in-tended mission of the vehicle. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, without delegation, may waive subsection (a) if— (1) the Secretary determines that the waiv-er is in the interest of national security; (2) the Secretary determines that the threat of missiles is advancing at a pace that requires additional capacity of the ground- based midcourse system by 2023; (3) the Secretary determines that the waiv-er is appropriate in light of the assessment conducted by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation under subsection (c); (4) the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report con-taining— (A) a notice of the waiver, including the ra-tionale of the Secretary for making the waiver; (B) a certification by the Secretary that the Secretary has analyzed and accepts the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4468 May 22, 2018 
risk of making and implementing a lot pro-duction decision for the redesigned kill vehi-cle prior to the vehicle undergoing a success-ful flight intercept test; and (C) the assessment of the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation under sub-section (c); and (5) a period of 30 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits the re-port under paragraph (4). (c) A
SSESSMENT ON RISKS.—The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Defense an assess-ment on the risks of making a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle prior to the vehicle undergoing a successful flight intercept test. 
SEC. 1666. REQUIREMENTS FOR BALLISTIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE CAPABLE SHIPS. 
(a) F ORCE STRUCTURE ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Navy, in consultation with the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, shall include in the first force structure as-sessment conducted following the date of the enactment of this Act the following: (1) An assessment of the requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships. (2) The force structure requirements asso-ciated with advanced ballistic missile de-fense capabilities. (b) F
ORCE STRUCTURE ASSESSMENT DE-
FINED .—The term ‘‘force structure assess-ment’’ has the meaning given the term in Chief of Naval Operations Instruction 3050.27. 
SEC. 1667. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–3 BLOCK IB MISSILES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the 2019 program year, for the procurement of standard missile–3 block IB missiles. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 1668. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ARMY LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR. 
(a) L IMITATION .—If the Secretary of the Army issues an acquisition strategy for a 360-degree lower tier air and missile defense sensor pursuant to section 1679(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1774) that proposes such sensor achieve initial op-erating capability later than December 31, 2023, not more than 50 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for such sensor may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary sub-mits to the congressional defense commit-tees a report— (1) explaining the rationale of such delayed initial operating capability, including a de-scription of any technological or acquisition- related factors causing such delay; and (2) containing a funding profile and sched-ule to ensure that such sensor would achieve initial operating capability by December 31, 2023. (b) P
ERFORMANCE SPECIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the performance specification of the 360-degree lower tier air and missile defense sensor— (1) specifies requirements relating to— (A) detecting and tracking complex at-tacks from air breathing threats, tactical ballistic missiles, and emerging hypersonic weapons; and (B) being a key component of the future in-tegrated air and missile defense architecture of the Army and supporting engagements for the full range and capability of Patriot Ad-vanced Capability–3 missile segment en-hancement interceptors; and (2) uses evaluation criteria that enables an understanding of the cost and value of pro-curing such sensor in accordance with such specified requirements. SEC. 1669. MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR IN HAWAII. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense, act-ing through the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency, and in coordination with rel-evant Federal and local entities, should— (1) ensure an on-time or improved delivery schedule of the discrimination radar for homeland defense to be made operational in Hawaii; and (2) accelerate the deployment of the radar as much as possible, contingent on the envi-ronmental review process pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall certify to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the Director is on schedule to award the contract for the discrimination radar for homeland defense planned to be located in Hawaii by December 31, 2018; and (2) such radar and associated in-flight in-terceptor communications system data ter-minal will be operational by not later than September 30, 2023. (c) B
RIEFINGS .— (1) D
ELAYED SCHEDULE .—If the Director is unable to certify under subsection (b) that the Director is on schedule to award the con-tract for the discrimination radar for home-land defense planned to be located in Hawaii by December 31, 2018, not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a biweekly basis thereafter until the date of the award, the Director shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense com-mittee upon request, a briefing explaining— (A) the rationale for the delay in such schedule; and (B) any effects of such delay in making such radar and associated in-flight inter-ceptor communications system data ter-minal operational by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2023. (2) S
EMIANNUAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter through 2021, the Director shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing on— (A) the acquisition of the discrimination radar for homeland defense planned to be lo-cated in Hawaii and the associated in-flight interceptor communications system data terminal; and (B) the environmental review process for such radar pursuant to the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SEC. 1670. REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF THE MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the Presi-dent for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and to the congressional defense committees, a re-port on the unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) ELEMENTS .— (1) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—Each report under subsection (a) shall specify, for each un-funded priority covered by such report, the following: (A) A summary description of such pri-ority, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). (B) The additional amount of funds rec-ommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). (C) Account information with respect to such priority, including, as applicable— (i) the line item number for applicable pro-curement accounts; (ii) the program element number for appli-cable research, development, test, and eval-uation accounts; and (iii) the sub-activity group for applicable operation and maintenance accounts. (2) P
RIORITIZATION OF PRIORITIES .—Each re- port under subsection (a) shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report in order of urgency of priority. (c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unfunded priority’’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activ-ity, or mission requirement of the Missile Defense Agency that— (1) is not funded in the budget of the Presi-dent for the fiscal year as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; (2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement as-sociated with an operational or contingency plan of a combatant command or other vali-dated requirement; and (3) would have been recommended for fund-ing through the budget referred to in para-graph (1) by the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency in connection with the budget if— (A) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or (B) the program, activity, or mission re-quirement has emerged since the budget was formulated. 
SEC. 1671. REPORT ON BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Secretary of Defense is conducting a ballistic missile defense review that will assess the capabilities and requirements for homeland, regional, and theater missile de-fense. (2) This review will have significant impli-cations for national security and potentially on resource prioritization and requirements. (3) The review was initially expected to have been completed by January but has been delayed several months due to revisions and has not yet been submitted to Congress. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on ballistic missile defense that addresses the implications for planned programs of record, costs and resource prioritization, and stra-tegic stability. 
SEC. 1672. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MISSILE AND ROCKET DEFENSE COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States and Israel signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Sep-tember 14, 2016, that covers the 10-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2019. (2) The Memorandum of Understanding states that the United States will provide annual funding of $500,000,000 for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, and projectile defense capa-bilities to help Israel meet its security needs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4469 May 22, 2018 
and to help develop and enhance the missile defense capabilities of the United States. (3) The Memorandum of Understanding fur-ther states that Israel may seek additional missile defense funding from the United States in exceptional circumstances, as may be jointly agreed by the United States and Israel. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the strong and enduring relationship be-tween the United States and Israel is in the national security interest of both countries; and (2) the September 2016 Memorandum of Un-derstanding between the United States and Israel, including the provisions of the memo-randum relating to missile and rocket de-fense cooperation, is a critical component of the bilateral relationship. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1681. EXTENSION OF COMMISSION TO AS-SESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE ATTACKS AND SIMILAR EVENTS. 
Section 1691 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1786) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘April 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 1, 2019’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1, 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report under subsection (e)(1)’’. 
SEC. 1682. PROCUREMENT OF AMMONIUM PER-CHLORATE AND OTHER CHEMICALS FOR USE IN SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .— (1) G
OVERNMENT -OWNED , CONTRACTOR OPER -
ATED .—The Secretary of the Army and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manufacturing and Industrial Base Policy shall jointly conduct a business case analysis of the Federal Government using a Govern-ment-owned, contractor-operated model to ensure a robust domestic industrial base to supply specialty chemicals, including ammo-nium perchlorate, for use in solid rocket mo-tors. Such analysis shall include assessments of the near- and long-term costs, operating and sustainment costs, program impacts, op-portunities for competition, opportunities for redundant or complementary capabili-ties, and national security implications of using such a model. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary and the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees the business case analysis conducted under paragraph (1). (b) F
ULL AND OPENCOMPETITION .— (1) U
SE.—To the extent practicable, in awarding a contract for the sale of ammo-nium perchlorate from retired solid rocket motors, the Secretary of Defense shall use full and open competition (as defined in sec-tion 107 of title 41, United States Code). (2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary awards a contract for the sale of ammonium per-chlorate from retired solid rocket motors using procedures that do not include full and open competition, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of such award not later than 30 days after the date of such award. 
SEC. 1683. CONVENTIONAL PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE HYPERSONIC CAPABILITIES. 
(a) V ALIDATED REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a validated requirement for ground-, sea-, or air-launched (or a com-bination thereof) conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that contains the following: (1) A plan to deliver a conventional prompt global strike weapon system that— (A) is in accordance with section 1693 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1791); and (B) includes— (i) options with cost estimates for accel-erating the initial capability for such sys-tem; and (ii) a description of policy decisions by the Secretary of Defense that are necessary to employ hypersonic offense capabilities from each potential launch platform of such sys-tem. (2) Details with respect to the assessed level of ambiguity and misinterpretation risk relating to the conventional prompt global strike weapon system, including such potential risks associated with warhead am-biguity, platform ambiguity (including if ad-versary sensors are degraded), perceptions of the survivability of strategic nuclear forces, and likely adversary responses. (3) A description of whether, when, and how the Under Secretary would address the risks identified under paragraph (2) in devel-oping and deploying the conventional prompt global strike weapon system and in developing the concept of operations for such system. 
SEC. 1684. REPORT REGARDING INDUSTRIAL BASE FOR LARGE SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 15, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments that the Under Secretary determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on wheth-er, and if so, how, the Federal Government will sustain more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors. (2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) The risks within the industrial base for large solid rocket motors, including the risks to national security. (B) The near- and long-term costs associ-ated with having a single source of large solid rocket motors as compared to having more than one such source. (C) Options for sustaining more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors, in-cluding through leveraging— (i) the ground-based strategic deterrent program; (ii) the Trident II D5 fleet ballistic missile program; (iii) the ground-based midcourse defense program; (iv) national security space launch pro-grams; (v) programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and (vi) any other applicable programs that use or may use solid rocket motors of any size, including with respect to substrategic and tactical systems. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the Under Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the industrial base for large solid rocket motors. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1685. NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE ESTIMATE WITH RESPECT TO RUSSIAN AND CHINESE INTERFERENCE IN DEMO-CRATIC COUNTRIES. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall commission and produce a National Intelligence Estimate, which may be submitted in classified form with an unclassified summary, on Russian and Chinese interference in democratic coun-tries around the world, including the United States, that contains specific descriptions of such interference. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER  F
IVE YEARS .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military construction projects, land acquisi-tion, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropria-tions therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program (and au-thorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obli-gated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2024 for mili-tary construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4470 May 22, 2018 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation Amount 
Alabama ................................................. Anniston Army Depot .................................................... ........................................ $5,200,000 
California ............................................... Fort Irwin ............................................................ .................................................. $29,000,000 
Colorado ................................................. Fort Carson ........................................................... ................................................ $77,000,000 
Georgia ................................................... Fort Gordon .......................................................... ................................................. $99,000,000 
Indiana ................................................... Crane Army Ammunition Plant .......................................... .................................. $16,000,000 
Kentucky ................................................ Fort Campbell .......................................................... .............................................. $50,000,000 
Fort Knox .............................................................................................................. $26,000, 000 
Maryland ................................................ Fort Meade ............................................................. ............................................... $16,500,000 
New Jersey ............................................. Picatinny Arsenal ....................................................... ........................................... $41,000,000 
New Mexico ............................................ White Sands Missile Range ................................................ .................................... $40,000,000 
New York ................................................ U.S. Military Academy .................................................. ........................................ $160,000,000 
North Carolina ....................................... Fort Bragg ................................................................ ............................................. $10,000,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Fort Jackson .............................................................. ........................................... $52,000,000 
Texas ...................................................... Fort Bliss .......................................................... ..................................................... $24,000,000 
Fort Hood .............................................................................................................. $9,600,0 00 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction project for the installations or lo-cations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Germany ................................................ East Camp Grafenwoehr ................................................... ..................................... $31,000,000 
Honduras ................................................ Soto Cano Air Base ..................................................... ........................................... $21,000,000 
Korea ...................................................... Camp Tango .......................................................... ................................................. $17,500,000 
Kuwait .................................................... Camp Arifjan ......................................................... ................................................ $44,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation Units Amount 
Italy ........................................................ Vicenza .................................................. Family Ho using New Construction ....... $95,134,000 
Korea ...................................................... Camp Walker ......................................... Family Housing R eplacement Construc-tion ..................................................... $68,000,000 
Puerto Rico ............................................ Fort Buchanan ...................................... Family Housing Replac ement Construc-tion ..................................................... $26,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................... Fort McCoy ........................................... Family Housing New  Construction ....... $6,200,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $18,326,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2020, which-ever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorization 
State/Country Installation Project Amount 
California ............................................... Military Ocean Terminal, Concord ........ Access Control Point .......... ................... $9,900,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4471 May 22, 2018 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorization —Continued 
State/Country Installation Project Amount 
Japan ...................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................... Missile Magazine . .................................. $10,600,000 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ................................................... Camp Navajo .......................................................... ................................................ $14,800,000 
California ............................................... Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton ...................................... ................................ $127,930,000 
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar ....................................................................... $31,980,000 
Naval Air Station Lemoore ................................................................................... $127,590,000 
Naval Base Coronado ............................................................................................. $156,580,000 
Naval Base San Diego ............................................................................................ $176,040,000 
Naval Base Ventura ............................................................................................... $53,160,000 
Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach ....................................................................... $139,630,000 
District of Columbia ............................... Naval Observatory ........................................................... ...................................... $115,600,000 
Florida .................................................... Naval Air Station Whiting Field ..................................... ...................................... $10,000,000 
Naval Station Mayport .......................................................................................... $111,460,000 
Georgia ................................................... Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany ................................... .................................. $31,900,000 
Guam ...................................................... Joint Region Marianas ................................................ .......................................... $355,257,000 
Hawaii .................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ....................................... ................................... $123,320,000 
Marine Corps Base Hawaii ..................................................................................... $66,100,000 
Maine ...................................................... Portsmouth Naval Yard ............................................... .......................................... $149,685,000 
Mississippi .............................................. Naval Construction Battalion Center ................................... ................................. $22,300,000 
North Carolina ....................................... Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune ............................................ ............................. $51,300,000 
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point ................................................................ $240,830,000 
Pennsylvania .......................................... Naval Support Activity Philadelphia ...................................... .............................. $71,050,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort ......................................... .............................. $15,817,000 
Marine Corps Recruit Depot, Parris Island ........................................................... $35,190,000 
Utah ....................................................... Hill Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................... $105,520,000 
Virginia .................................................. Marine Corps Base Quantico ........................................... ....................................... $13,100,000 
Norfolk Naval Shipyard ......................................................................................... $26,120,000 
Washington ............................................ Naval Base Kitsap ........................................................ .......................................... $88,960,000 
Naval Air Station Whidbey Island ......................................................................... $27,380,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installation or location out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas ................................................. Andros Island .......................................................... ............................................... $31,050,000 
Bahrain .................................................. SW Asia ............................................................... .................................................. $26,340,000 
Cuba ....................................................... Naval Station Guantanamo Bay ........................................ .................................... $104,700,000 
Germany ................................................. Panzer Kaserne ......................................................... ............................................. $43,950,000 
Japan ...................................................... Kadena Air Base ..................................................... ............................................... $9,049,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
Country Installation Units Amount 
Guam ...................................................... Joint Region Marianas .......................... Replace Andersen Housi ng PH III ......... $83,441,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4472 May 22, 2018 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,502,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $16,638,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .................................................... Eielson Air Force Base ............................................... ........................................... $63,800,000 
Arizona ................................................... Davis Monthan Air Force Base ......................................... ..................................... $15,000,000 
Luke Air Force Base .............................................................................................. $40,000,000 
Arkansas ................................................ Little Rock Air Force Base ............................................. ...................................... $26,000,000 
Florida .................................................... Eglin Air Force Base ................................................ ............................................. $62,863,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ......................................................................................... $3,100,000 
Patrick Air Force Base .......................................................................................... $9,000,000 
Guam ...................................................... Joint Region Marianas ................................................ .......................................... $9,800,000 
Louisiana ................................................ Barksdale Air Force Base .............................................. ........................................ $12,250,000 
Mariana Islands ...................................... Tinian .................................................................... ................................................ $50,700,000 
Maryland ................................................ Joint Base Andrews ..................................................... .......................................... $58,000,000 
Massachusetts ........................................ Hanscom Air Force Base .................................................... ................................... $225,000,000 
Nebraska ................................................ Offutt Air Force Base .................................................. .......................................... $9,500,000 
Nevada .................................................... Creech Air Force Base ................................................ ........................................... $59,000,000 
Nellis Air Force Base ............................................................................................. $5,900,000 
New Mexico ............................................ Holloman Air Force Base .................................................. .................................... $85,000,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base ........................................................................................ $7,000,000 
New York ................................................ Rome Lab ............................................................... ............................................... $14,200,000 
North Dakota ......................................... Minot Air Force Base ...................................................... ...................................... $66,000,000 
Ohio ........................................................ Wright-Patterson Air Force Base .................................... ...................................... $182,000,000 
Oklahoma ............................................... Altus Air Force Base .................................................... ......................................... $12,000,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ........................................................................................... $166,000,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Shaw Air Force Base ....................................................... ...................................... $53,000,000 
Utah ....................................................... Hill Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................... $26,000,000 
Washington ............................................ Fairchild-White Bluff .................................................... ........................................ $14,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installation or lo-cation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
United Kingdom ..................................... Royal Air Force Lakenheath .................................................. ............................... $148,467,000 
Worldwide Classified .............................. Classified Location .......................................................... ...................................... $18,000,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engi-neering services and construction design ac-tivities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,199,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve ex-isting military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $75,247,000. SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4473 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PHASED PROJECT AUTHORIZED IN FISCAL YEARS 2015, 2016, AND 2017. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113-291; 128 Stat. 3679) for Royal Air Force Croughton for JIAC Consolidation Phase 1, the author-ization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 1153) for Croughton Royal Air Force for JIAC Consoli-dation Phase 2, and the authorization con-tained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114-328; 130 Stat. 2697) for Royal Air Force Croughton for JIAC Consolidation Phase 3, the location shall be United Kingdom, Un-specified. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114-328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, for construction of a basic military training recruit dormitory, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 26,537 square meter dormitory in the amount of $92,300,000. SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115-91; 131 Stat. 1825) for the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado, for construction of a cyberworks facility, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a facility of up to 4,000 square meters. 
SEC. 2308. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECTS. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may carry out mili-tary construction projects to construct— (1) a 6,702 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Edwards Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $43,000,000; (2) a 4,833 square meter Cyberspace Test Facility at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in the amount of $38,000,000; and (3) a 4,735 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, in the amount of $30,000,000. (b) U
SE OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
AND EVALUATION FUNDS .—As provided for in the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program authorized by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note), the Secretary may use funds available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for the projects described in subsection (a). SEC. 2309. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT PROJECT AT TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA, IN FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out a military construction project to con-struct a 150,000 square foot high-bay air cargo pallet storage and marshaling enclo-sure integral to installation of a mechanized material handling system at Travis Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $35,000,000. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ........................................................................ Clear Air Force Station .......................... ......................................... $174,000,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ................................................... $14,000,000 
Arkansas ..................................................................... Little Rock Air Force Base ........................ ..................................... $14,000,000 
California .................................................................... Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton ................. ............................... $12,596,000 
Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy ................................................... $18,800,000 
Naval Base Coronado ....................................................................... $71,088,000 
Colorado ..................................................................... Fort Carson ....................................... ............................................... $24,297,000 
Conus Classified .......................................................... Classified Location .................................. ........................................ $49,222,000 
Kentucky .................................................................... Fort Campbell ...................................... ............................................ $82,298,000 
Maine .......................................................................... Kittery ......................................... .................................................... $11,600,000 
Maryland .................................................................... Fort Meade ......................................... ............................................. $805,000,000 
Missouri ...................................................................... St. Louis ........................................ .................................................. $447,800,000 
New Jersey ................................................................ Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst ..................... ............................ $10,200,000 
North Carolina ........................................................... Fort Bragg ............................................ ........................................... $32,366,000 
Marine Corps Air Station New River ............................................... $32,580,000 
Oklahoma ................................................................... McAlester ........................................... ............................................. $7,000,000 
Texas .......................................................................... Joint Base San Antonio .......................... ......................................... $10,200,000 
Red River Army Depot ..................................................................... $71,500,000 
Virginia ...................................................................... Fort A.P. Hill ................................... ................................................ $11,734,000 
Fort Belvoir ..................................................................................... $6,127,000 
Humphreys Engineer Center ............................................................ $20,257,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................................... $12,700,000 
Pentagon .......................................................................................... $35,850,000 
Training Center Dam Neck .............................................................. $8,959,000 
Washington ................................................................. Joint Base Lewis-McChord ............................ .................................. $26,200,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Belgium ................................................. Chievres Air Base ...................................................... ............................................ $14,305,000 
Cuba ...................................................... Naval Station Guantanamo Bay ......................................... .................................. $9,080,000 
Germany ............................................... Baumholder ............................................................... ............................................ $11,504,000 
Kaiserslautern Air Base ........................................................................................ $99,955,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4474 May 22, 2018 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States —Continued 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Wiesbaden .............................................................................................................. $56,048, 000 
Japan .................................................... Camp McTureous ........................................................ ........................................... $94,851,000 
Iwakuni ................................................................................................................. $33,200 ,000 
Kadena Air Base .................................................................................................... $21,400,000 
Yokosuka .............................................................................................................. $170,386, 000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2403(a) and available for energy con-servation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, in the amount set forth in the table. 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681) and as amended by sec-tion 2406 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1831), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) TABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Japan .................................... Commander Fleet Activities Sasebo ................. E.J. King High School Replacement/Re n- ovation .................................................... $37,681,000 
Japan .................................... Okinawa ............................................................ Kubasaki High Schoo l Replacement/Ren-ovation .................................................... $99,420,000 
New Mexico .......................... Cannon AFB ...................................................... SOF Squadron Operations Fac ility (STS) .. $23,333,000 
Virginia ................................ Pentagon ........................................................... Redundant Chilled Wa ter Loop ................... $15,100,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make con-tributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization as a result of con-struction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. Subtitle B—Host Country In-Kind Contributions SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects 
Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Korea ................... Army ................... Camp Carroll ................... Upgrade Electrical Distribution, Phase 2 ......... ......... $52,000,000 
Army ................... Camp Humphreys ............ Site Development ...................................................... $7,800,0 00 
Army ................... Camp Humphreys ............ Air Support Operations Squadron ............................. $25,000,000 
Army ................... Camp Humphreys ............ Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing, P2 ...... $76,000,000 
Army ................... Camp Humphreys ............ Echelon Above Brigade Engineer Battalion, VMF .... $123,000,000 
Army ................... Camp Walker ................... Repair/Replace Sewer Piping System ....................... $8,000,000 
Navy .................... Chinhae ........................... Indoor Training Pool ................................................. $7,400,000 
Navy .................... Pohang Air Base .............. Replace Ordnance Storage Magazines ....................... $87,000,000 
Air Force ............. Gimhae Air Base .............. Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse .......................... $7,600,000 
Air Force ............. Gwangju Air Base ............ Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse .......................... $7,600,000 
Air Force ............. Kunsan Air Base .............. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Facility ...................... $8,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4475 May 22, 2018 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects —Continued 
Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Air Force ............. Kunsan Air Base .............. Upgrade Flow-Through Fuel System ........................ $23,000,000 
Air Force ............. Osan Air Base .................. 5th Reconnaissance Squadron Aircraft Shelter ........ $12,000,000 
Air Force ............. Osan Air Base .................. Airfield Damage Repair Facility ............................... $22,000,000 
Air Force ............. Osan Air Base .................. Communications HQ Building ................................... $45,000,000 
Air Force ............. Suwon Air Base ............... Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse .......................... $7,200,000 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................... Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ....................................... .................................. $27,000,000 
Illinois .................................................. Marseilles Training Center ........................................... ......................................... $5,000,000 
Montana ................................................ Malta ................................................................... .................................................. $15,000,000 
Nevada .................................................. North Las Vegas ........................................................ ............................................ $32,000,000 
New Hampshire ..................................... Pembroke ..................................................................... ......................................... $12,000,000 
North Dakota ........................................ Fargo ...................................................................... ............................................... $32,000,000 
Ohio ....................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................ ............................................... $7,400,000 
Oklahoma .............................................. Lexington ................................................................ .............................................. $11,000,000 
South Dakota ........................................ Rapid City ................................................................. ............................................ $15,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Inside the United States 
State Location Amount 
California .............................................. Fort Irwin ............................................................. ................................................. $34,000,000 
Washington ........................................... Yakima Training Center .................................................... ................................... $23,000,000 
Wisconsin .............................................. Fort McCoy .............................................................. ............................................. $23,000,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California .............................................. Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach ....................................... ................................ $21,740,000 
Georgia .................................................. Fort Benning .......................................................... ............................................... $13,630,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
California .............................................. Channel Islands Air National Guard Station ............................. ........................... $8,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:30 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4476 May 22, 2018 
Air National Guard—Continued 
State Location Amount 
Hawaii ................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ........................................ .................................. $17,000,000 
Illinois .................................................. Greater Peoria Regional Airport ...................................... ..................................... $9,000,000 
Louisiana .............................................. Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ........................ ...................... $39,000,000 
Minnesota ............................................. Duluth International Airport ............................................. ................................... $8,000,000 
Montana ................................................ Great Falls International Airport ....................................... .................................. $9,000,000 
New York .............................................. Francis S. Gabreski Airport .............................................. .................................... $20,000,000 
Ohio ....................................................... Mansfield Lahm Airport .............................................. .......................................... $13,000,000 
Rickenbacker International Airport ..................................................................... $8,000,000 
Pennsylvania ........................................ Fort Indiantown Gap ........................................................ ..................................... $8,000,000 
Virginia ................................................. Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................. ....................................... $10,000,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Florida .................................................. Patrick Air Force Base ................................................ ......................................... $24,000,000 
Indiana .................................................. Grissom Air Reserve Base .............................................. ....................................... $21,500,000 
Massachusetts ....................................... Westover Air Reserve Base .................................................. .................................. $42,600,000 
Minnesota ............................................. Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport ............................... .......................... $9,000,000 
Mississippi ............................................ Keesler Air Force Base .................................................. ........................................ $4,550,000 
New York .............................................. Niagara Falls International Airport ...................................... ............................... $14,000,000 
Ohio ....................................................... Youngstown Air Reserve Station ...................................... .................................... $8,800,000 
Texas ..................................................... Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth ...................... ......................... $3,100,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions there-for, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisi-tion of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1164) for construction of a Reserve Training Center Complex at Dam Neck, Vir-ginia, the Secretary of the Navy may con-struct the Reserve Training Center Complex at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek- Story, Virginia. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115-91; 131 Stat. 1834) for Fort Belvoir, Virginia, for ad-ditions and alterations to the National Guard Readiness Center, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new readiness center. 
SEC. 2613. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .— (1) P
ROJECT .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project to construct a 50,000 square foot re-serve training center, 6,600 square foot com-bat vehicle maintenance and storage facil-ity, 2,400 square foot vehicle wash rack, 1,600 square foot covered training area, road im-provements, and associated supporting fa-cilities. (2) ACQUISITION OF LAND .—As part of the project under this subsection, the Secretary may acquire approximately 8.5 acres of adja-cent land and obtain necessary interest in land at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for the construction and operation of the reserve training center. (3) A
MOUNT OF AUTHORIZATION .—The total amount of funds the Secretary may obligate and expend on activities under this sub-section during fiscal year 2019 may not ex-ceed $17,650,000. (b) U
SE OF UNOBLIGATED PRIOR-YEAR NAVY M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION RESERVE FUNDS .— The Secretary may use available, unobli-gated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project described in subsection (a). (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project de-scribed in subsection (a). If it becomes nec-essary to exceed the estimated project cost, the Secretary shall utilize the authority pro-vided by section 2853 of such title regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101-510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2702. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO REALIGN OR CLOSE CERTAIN MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tions 993 or 2687 of title 10, United States Code, and subject to subsection (d), the Sec-retary of Defense may take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the realign-ment or closure of a military installation in a State during a fiscal year if— (1) the military installation is the subject of a notice which is described in subsection (b); and (2) the Secretary includes the military in-stallation in the report submitted under paragraph (2) of subsection (c) with respect to the fiscal year. (b) N
OTICE FROM GOVERNOR OF STATE .—A notice described in this subsection is a no-tice received by the Secretary of Defense from the Governor of a State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia, the Mayor of the District of Columbia) in which the Governor recommends that the Secretary carry out the realignment or closure of a military in-stallation located in the State, and which in-cludes each of the following elements: (1) A specific description of the military installation, or a specific description of the relevant real and personal property. (2) Statements of support for the realign-ment or closure from units of local govern-ment in which the installation is located. (3) A detailed plan for the reuse or redevel-opment of the real and personal property of the installation, together with a description of the local redevelopment authority which will be responsible for the implementation of the plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4477 May 22, 2018 
(c) R ESPONSE TO NOTICE .— (1) M
ANDATORY RESPONSE TO GOVERNOR AND  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after re-ceiving a notice from the Governor of a State (or, in the case of the District of Co-lumbia, from the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia), the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit a response to the notice to the Governor and the congressional defense committees indicating whether or not the Secretary ac-cepts the recommendation for the realign-ment or closure of a military installation which is the subject of the notice. (2) A
CCEPTANCE OF RECOMMENDATION .—If the Secretary of Defense determines that it is in the interests of the United States to ac-cept the recommendation for the realign-ment or closure of a military installation which is the subject of a notice received under subsection (b) and intends to carry out the realignment or closure of the installa-tion pursuant to the authority of this sec-tion during a fiscal year, at the time the budget is submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for the fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees which includes the following: (A) The identification of each military in-stallation for which the Secretary intends to carry out a realignment or closure pursuant to the authority of this section during the fiscal year, together with the reasons the Secretary of Defense believes that it is in the interest of the United States to accept the recommendation of the Governor of the State involved for the realignment or clo-sure of the installation. (B) For each military installation identi-fied under subparagraph (A), a master plan describing the required scope of work, cost, and timing for all facility actions needed to carry out the realignment or closure, includ-ing the construction of new facilities and the repair or renovation of existing facilities. (C) For each military installation identi-fied under subparagraph (A), a certification that, not later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the completion of the realignment or closure, the savings resulting from the re-alignment or closure will exceed the costs of carrying out the realignment or closure, to-gether with an estimate of the annual recur-ring savings that would be achieved by the realignment or closure of the installation and the timeframe required for the financial savings to exceed the costs of carrying out the realignment or closure. (d) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) T
IMING .—The Secretary may not ini-tiate the realignment or closure of a mili-tary installation pursuant to the authority of this section until the expiration of the 90- day period beginning on the date the Sec-retary submits the report under paragraph (2) of subsection (c). (2) T
OTAL COSTS .—Subject to appropria-tions, the aggregate cost to the government in carrying out the realignment or closure of military installations pursuant to the au-thority of this section for all fiscal years may not exceed $2,000,000,000. In determining the cost to the government for purposes of this section, there shall be included the costs of planning and design, military construc-tion, operations and maintenance, environ-mental restoration, information technology, termination of public-private contracts, guarantees, and other factors contributing to the cost of carrying out the realignment or closure, as determined by the Secretary. (e) P
ROCESS FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The im- plementation of the realignment or closure of a military installation pursuant to the au-thority of this section shall be carried out in accordance with section 2905 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) in the same manner as the imple-mentation of a realignment or closure of a military installation pursuant to the author-ity of such Act. (f) STATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary to carry out a re-alignment or closure pursuant to this sec-tion shall terminate at the end of fiscal year 2029. 
SEC. 2703. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing 
SEC. 2801. COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION STAND-ARDS FOR FACILITIES ON LEASED PROPERTY. 
(a) U SE OF COMMERCIAL STANDARDS .—Sec- tion 2667(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (6); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) shall provide that any facilities con-structed on the property may be constructed using commercial standards in a manner that provides force protection safeguards ap-propriate to the activities conducted in, and the location of, such facilities.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to leases entered into during fiscal year 2019 or any succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2802. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1846), is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2018’’; (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
SEC. 2803. SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE FOR CON-TRACTS FOR ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CON-STRUCTION DESIGN. 
(a) M ANDATORY AWARD OF CONTRACTS  U
NDER THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—Section 2855(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)—’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (a), if the Secretary concerned estimates that the initial award of the con-tract will be in an amount less than the threshold amount determined under para-graph (2), the contract shall be awarded in accordance with the set aside provisions of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.).’’. (b) INCREASE IN THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—Sec- tion 2855(b)(2) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘initial’’; (2) by striking ‘‘$300,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2804. AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN ARCHITEC-TURAL AND ENGINEERING SERV-ICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN FOR DEFENSE LABORATORY MOD-ERNIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 2803 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO USEFUNDS  
FORRELATED ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEER -
INGSERVICES AND CONTRACT DESIGN .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—In addition to the author-ity provided to the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) to use amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for a military construction project referred to in such subsection, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for research, development, test, and evaluation to obtain architectural and engineering serv-ices and to carry out construction design in connection with such a project. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—In the case of architectural and engineering services and construction design to be undertaken under this subsection for which the estimated cost exceeds $1,000,000, the Secretary concerned shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of the scope of the proposed project and the estimated cost of such services be-fore the initial obligation of funds for such services. The Secretary may then obligate funds for such services only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which the notification is received by the committees in an electronic medium pursu-ant to section 480 of this title.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO WAIVE C
ONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO EXISTING AUTHOR -
ITY.— (1) C
ONDITION ON AND SCOPE OF PROJECT AU -
THORITY .—Section 2803(b) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘project under this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘project under sub-section (a)’’. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Section 2803(c) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘carried out under this section’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting ‘‘carried out under subsection (a)’’. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF AUTHORIZED PROJECTS .— Section 2803(d) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘provided by this section’’ and in-serting ‘‘provided by subsection (a)’’. (4) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—Section 2803(e) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘projects under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘projects under subsection (a)’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF PERIOD OF AUTHORITY .— Section 2803(g) of such Act, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 2803 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4478 May 22, 2018 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
SEC. 2805. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON CERTAIN GUAM PROJECT. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION .—Section 2879 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1874) is amended by striking subsection (b). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 2806. ENHANCING FORCE PROTECTION AND SAFETY ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL  P
ROJECTS .—In addition to any other military construction projects authorized under this Act, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned may carry out military con-struction projects to enhance force protec-tion and safety on military installations, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) N
OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary concerned may obligate or expend funds to carry out a project under this sec-tion only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which the Sec-retary submits, in an electronic medium pur-suant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code, to the congressional defense commit-tees a justification of the need for the project. (c) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATION .—Section 2002 shall apply with respect to the author-ization of a military construction project under this section in the same manner as such section applies to the authorization of a project contained in titles XXI through XXVII. 
SEC. 2807. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACQUISITION OF FURNISHED EN-ERGY FOR NEW MEDICAL CENTER IN GERMANY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or made available to the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of any military department may be used to enter into a contract for the acquisition of fur-nished energy for the new Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Medical Cen-ter’’) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification that— (1) the source of furnished energy for the Medical Center will minimize the use of fuels sourced from inside the Russian Federation; (2) the design of the Medical Center will utilize a diversified energy supply from a mixed-fuel system as the source of furnished energy to sustain mission critical operations during any sustained energy supply disrup-tion caused by the Russian Federation; and (3) to the extent available, domestically- sourced fuels shall be the preferred source for furnished energy for the Medical Center. (b) W
AIVER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTER -
ESTS.—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that a waiver of such subsection is necessary to protect the national security interests of the United States. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘furnished energy’’ means energy furnished to the Medical Center in any form and for any purpose, including heating, cooling, and electricity. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2808. TREATMENT OF LEASES OF NON-EX-CESS PROPERTY ENTERED INTO WITH INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTI-TUTIONS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, is amended — (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘amount that’’ and inserting ‘‘amount that, except as provided in subsection (c)(4),’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4)(A) With respect to a lease under this section entered into with an insured deposi-tory institution (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)) after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary concerned shall accept the financial services provided by the insured depository institution to members of the armed forces, civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense, and dependents of such members or employees as sufficient in-kind consideration to cover all lease, services, and utilities costs assessed with regard to the leased property. ‘‘(B) With respect to a lease under this sec-tion which was entered into with an insured depository institution before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Sec-retary concerned may renegotiate the terms of such lease to apply subparagraph (A) to such lease as if such subparagraph were in ef-fect at the time the Secretary entered into the lease.’’. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration SEC. 2811. OPTIONAL PARTICIPATION IN COLLEC-TION OF INFORMATION ON UNUTI-LIZED AND UNDERUTILIZED MILI-TARY INSTALLATION PROPERTIES AVAILABLE FOR HOMELESS ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) M AKING PARTICIPATION BY AGENCIES OF  D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OPTIONAL .—Section 501(a) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Housing’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Secretary of Hous-ing’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) The transmittal of information by the head of a landholding agency of the Depart-ment of Defense under this subsection shall be optional in the case of an excess or sur-plus building, facility, or property if the Sec-retary of Defense determines that the build-ing, facility, or property— ‘‘(A) would be for off-site use only; or ‘‘(B) is located on an active military in-stallation and is not subject to subsection (h). ‘‘(3) If the Secretary of Defense makes a determination under paragraph (2) during a fiscal year, not later than 90 days after the end of that fiscal year, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Armed Services, Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services, Finan-cial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives list-ing all of the buildings, facilities, and prop-erties for which the Secretary of Defense made a determination under paragraph (2) during that fiscal year. The Secretary of De-fense shall submit the report in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex as necessary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2812. FORCE STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRA-STRUCTURE CAPABILITIES NEC-ESSARY TO SUPPORT THE FORCE STRUCTURE. 
(a) F ORCE STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE CAPABILITIES .—Not later than the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2021 is submitted to Congress pur-suant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and submit to the congressional de-fense committees the following: (1) A force structure plan for each of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps and the reserve components of each military department that is informed by— (A) an assessment by the Secretary of De-fense of the probable threats to the national security of the United States; and (B) end-strength levels and major military force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) au-thorized in the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) A categorical model of installation ca-pabilities required to carry out the force structures plans described in paragraph (1) based on— (A) the infrastructure, real property, and facilities capabilities required to carry out such plans; and (B) the current military requirements of the major military units referred to in sub-paragraph (B) of such paragraph. (b) CONSISTENCY .—In developing force structure plans and categorical models of in-stallation capabilities under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the infrastructure, real property, and facili-ties of each of the military departments are categorized and measured in consistent terms so as to facilitate comparisons. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO INVENTORY .—Using the information in the force structure plans and categorical model developed under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress each of the following: (1) An assessment of the requirements nec-essary for carrying out the force structure plans compared to existing infrastructure, real property, and facilities capabilities, as documented in the records maintained under section 2721 of title 10, United States Code. (2) An identification of any deficit or sur-plus capability in such infrastructure, real property, and facilities— (A) for each military department; and (B) for locations within the continental United States and territories. 
SEC. 2813. RETROFITTING EXISTING WINDOWS IN MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS TO BE EQUIPPED WITH FALL PRE-VENTION DEVICES. 
(a) A UTHORIZING FUNDING FOR RETRO -
FITTING OR REPLACING WINDOWS .—Section 2879 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2817(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (131 Stat. 1851) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
ETROFITTING OR REPLACING EXISTING  W
INDOWS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM TO RETROFIT EXISTING WIN -
DOWS .—The Secretary concerned shall carry out a program under which, in military fam-ily housing units acquired or constructed under this chapter which are not subject to the requirements of subsection (a), windows which are described in subsection (c), includ-ing windows designed for emergency escape or rescue, are retrofitted to be equipped with fall prevention devices described in para-graph (1) of subsection (a) or are replaced with windows which are equipped with fall prevention devices described in such para-graph. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—The Secretary concerned may carry out the program under this sub-section by making grants to private entities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4479 May 22, 2018 
to retrofit or replace existing windows, in ac-cordance with such criteria as the Secretary may establish by regulation. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF OPERATIONS FUNDING .—The Sec- retary may carry out the program under this subsection during a fiscal year with amounts made available to the Secretary for family housing operations for such fiscal year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2814. UPDATING PROHIBITION ON USE OF CERTAIN ASSESSMENT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE INSTALLATIONS TO SUPER-SEDE FUNDING OF CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
(a) U PDATE .—Paragraph (3) of section 2814(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2717), as added by section 2818(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1852), is amended by striking ‘‘33 projects’’ and inserting ‘‘38 projects’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF ADMIN-ISTRATIVE JURISDICTION OVER CERTAIN LANDS, MARINE CORPS AIR GROUND COMBAT CENTER TWENTYNINE PALMS, CALIFORNIA, AND MARINE CORPS AIR STATION YUMA, ARIZONA. 
(a) M ARINE CORPS AIRGROUND COMBAT  C
ENTER TWENTYNINE PALMS , CALIFORNIA .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Navy may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior, at no cost, administrative jurisdiction of ap-proximately 2,105 acres of non-contiguous parcels of land within the Shared Use Area of the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California. (2) C
ONDITION FOR TRANSFER .—The Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out the trans-fer under this subsection only if the Sec-retary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior each determine that the transfer is in the public interest and will be for the ben-efit of the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Interior, respectively. (3) S
TATUS OF LAND AFTER TRANSFER .— Upon completion of the transfer under this subsection, the land over which the Sec-retary of the Interior obtains administrative jurisdiction shall become public land with-drawn and reserved under section 2941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1034), and shall be managed in accordance with section 2942(b)(1) of such Act (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1036), in the same man-ner as other lands in the Shared Use Area. (4) S
HARED USE AREA DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘Shared Use Area’’ means the area described in section 2941(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1035). (b) M
ARINE CORPS AIRSTATION YUMA, ARI-
ZONA .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior may transfer to the Secretary of the Navy, at no cost, administrative jurisdiction of ap-proximately 256 acres of non-contiguous par-cels of land within Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona which are used by the De-partment of the Navy as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act pursu-ant to any of the following authorities: (A) Public Land Order Number 2766 of Au-gust 28, 1962. (B) Expired Public Land Order Number 6804 of October 16, 1990. (C) Memorandum of Understanding Num-ber 14-06-300-1266 of July 5, 1962, between the Department of the Interior and the Depart-ment of the Navy. (2) CONDITION FOR TRANSFER .—The Sec-retary of the Interior may carry out the transfer under this subsection only if the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Navy each determine that the transfer is in the public interest and will be for the benefit of the Department of the Interior and the Department of the Navy, respectively. (3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF LAND AFTER TRANS -
FER.—Upon completion of the transfer under this subsection, the land over which the Sec-retary of the Navy obtains administrative jurisdiction— (A) shall cease to be public land; and (B) for as long as the land is under the ad-ministrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Navy or the Secretary of any other mili-tary department, shall be withdrawn from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, from location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and from disposition under all laws relating to mineral interests and to mineral and geo-thermal leasing. 
SEC. 2822. PUBLIC INVENTORY OF GUAM LAND PARCELS FOR TRANSFER TO GOV-ERNMENT OF GUAM. 
(a) N ET-NEGATIVE INVENTORY OF LANDPAR-
CELS.— (1) M
AINTENANCE AND UPDATE OF INVEN -
TORY .—The Secretary of the Navy shall maintain and update regularly an inventory of all land parcels located on Guam which meet each of the following conditions: (A) The parcels are currently owned by the United States Government and are under the administrative jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of the Navy. (B) The Secretary has determined or ex-pects to determine the parcels to be excess to the needs of the Department of the Navy. (C) Under Federal law, including Public Law 106–504 (commonly known as the ‘‘Guam Omnibus Opportunities Act’’; 40 U.S.C. 521 note), the parcels are eligible to be trans-ferred to the territorial government. (2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—For each par-cel included in the inventory under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall specify— (A) the approximate size of the parcel; (B) an estimate of the fair market value of the parcel, if available or as practicable; (C) the date on which the Secretary deter-mined, or the date by which the Secretary expects to determine, that the parcel is ex-cess and made eligible for transfer to the ter-ritorial government; and (D) the citation of the specific legal au-thority (including the Guam Omnibus Oppor-tunities Act) under which the Secretary will transfer the parcel to the territorial govern-ment or otherwise dispose of the parcel. (b) P
ARCELS REQUIRED TO BEINCLUDED .— The Secretary shall include in the inventory under this section each of the following par-cels, as described in the 2017 Net Negative Report: (1) The Tanguisson Power Plant (5 acres), listed as Site 14 in the Report. (2) The Harmon Substation Annex (9.9 acres), listed as Site 15 in the Report. (3) The Piti Power Plant and Substation (15.5 acres), listed as Site 38 in the Report. (4) Apra Heights Lot 403–1 (0.5 acres), listed as Site 55 in the Report. (5) The Agana Power Plant and Substation (5.9 acres), listed as Site 54 in the Report. (6) The ACEORP Maui Tunnel-Tamuning Route 1 behind Old Telex (3.7 acres), listed as Site 23 in the Report. (7) The Parcel South of Camp Covington, Parcel 7 (60.8 acres), listed as Site 49 in the Report. (8) The NCTS Beach Lot, adjacent to the Tanguisson Power Plant (13.3 acres), listed as Site 13 in the Report. (9) The Hoover Park Annex (also known as ‘‘Old USO Beach’’; 6 acres), listed as Site 37 in the Report. (10) Parcel ‘‘C’’ Marbo Cave Annex (5 acres), listed as Site 12 in the Report. (c) INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL PARCELS IN IN-
VENTORY .— (1) R
EQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—The Governor of the territory of Guam may submit a re-quest to the Secretary to add parcels to the inventory maintained under subsection (a), and shall specify in any such request any public benefit uses or public purposes pro-posed by the Governor for the parcel in-volved, pursuant to the Guam Omnibus Op-portunities Act or any other relevant Fed-eral law. (2) C
ONSIDERATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 180 days of receipt of a request from the Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall review the request and pro-vide a response in writing to the Governor as to whether the Secretary will agree to the request to include the specific land parcel in the inventory maintained under subsection (a). If the Secretary denies the request, the Secretary shall provide a detailed written justification to the Governor that explains the continuing military need for the parcel, if any, and the date on which the Secretary expects that military need to cease, if ever. (d) E
XCLUSION OF PARCELS .—The Secretary shall not include in the inventory main-tained under this section any parcel trans-ferred to the government of Guam prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, with-out regard to whether or not the parcel is in-cluded in the inventory under subsection (b). (e) P
UBLIC NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall publish and update on a public website of the United States Government the fol-lowing information: (1) The inventory maintained under sub-section (a), including the parcels required to be included in such inventory under sub-section (b). (2) All requests submitted by the Governor under subsection (c), including any proposed public benefit use or public purpose specified in any such request. (3) A copy of each response provided by the Secretary to each request submitted by the Governor under subsection (c). (4) A description of each parcel of land transferred by the Secretary to the terri-torial government after January 20, 2011, in-cluding the following: (A) The approximate size of the parcel. (B) An estimate of the fair market value of the parcel, if available or as practicable. (C) The specific legal authority under which the Secretary transferred the parcel to the territorial government. (D) The date the parcel was transferred to the territorial government. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) 2017 
NET NEGATIVE REPORT .—The term ‘‘2017 Net Negative Report’’ means the report submitted by the Secretary of the Navy, on behalf of the Secretary of Defense, under sec-tion 2208 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2695) regarding the status of the implementation of the ‘‘net negative’’ policy regarding the total number of acres of the real property controlled by the Depart-ment of the Navy or the Department of De-fense on Guam. (2) G
OVERNOR .—The term ‘‘Governor’’ means the Governor of the territory of Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4480 May 22, 2018 
(3) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Navy. (4) T
ERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘territorial government’’ means the govern-ment of Guam established under the Organic Act of Guam (48 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.). 
SEC. 2823. LAND CONVEYANCE, NAVAL ACADEMY DAIRY FARM, GAMBRILLS, MARY-LAND. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Notwith- standing section 6976 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may convey and release to Anne Arundel County, Maryland (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the real property, in-cluding any improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 40 acres at the prop-erty commonly referred to as the Naval Academy dairy farm located in Gambrills, Maryland (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Dairy Farm’’). (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the conveyance and release under subsection (a), the County shall provide an amount that is equivalent to the fair market value to the Department of the Navy of the right, title, and interest conveyed and re-leased under such subsection, based on an ap-praisal approved by the Secretary of the Navy. The consideration under this para-graph may be provided by cash payment, in- kind consideration, or a combination there-of, at such time as the Secretary may re-quire. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the County under para-graph (1) may include the acquisition, con-struction, provision, improvement, mainte-nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-ronmental restoration), or combination thereof, of any facility, real property, or in-frastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be retained by the Super-intendent of the Naval Academy and shall be available to cover expenses related to the Dairy Farm, including reimbursing non-appropriated fund instrumentalities of the Naval Academy. (c) P
AYMENT OF COST OF CONVEYANCE AND  R
ELEASE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the County to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance and release under subsection (a), including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance and release, and any other administrative costs related to the convey-ance and release. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance and release or any costs incurred by the Secretary to administer the County’s lease of the Dairy Farm, the Secretary shall re-fund the excess amount to the County. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to pay the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance and release under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the ap-propriations of fund that is currently avail-able to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property which is subject to conveyance and release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the conveyance and release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) N
OEFFECT ON EXISTING LEASES GOV-
ERNING PROPERTY NOTSUBJECT TO CONVEY -
ANCE .—Nothing in this section or in any con-veyance and release carried out pursuant to this section may be construed to affect the terms, conditions, or applicability of any ex-isting agreement entered into between the Country and the Secretary of the Navy which governs the use of any portion of the Dairy Farm which is not subject to convey-ance and release under this section. 
SEC. 2824. TECHNICAL CORRECTION OF DESCRIP-TION OF LIMESTONE HILLS TRAIN-ING AREA LAND WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION, MONTANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres’’ and all that follows through ‘‘April 10, 2013’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally de-picted as ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land With-drawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. 
SEC. 2825. LAND CONVEYANCE, WASATCH-CACHE NATIONAL FOREST, RICH COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Sub- ject to valid existing rights, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey, without consideration, to the Utah State University Research Foundation, (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Founda-tion’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty consisting of approximately 80 acres, in-cluding improvements thereon, located out-side of the boundaries of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest, Rich County, Utah, within Sections 19 and 30, Township 14 North, Range 5 East, Salt Lake Base and Meridian for the purpose of permitting the Foundation to use the property for scientific and educational purposes. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Sec-retary of Agriculture determines at any time that the real property conveyed under sub-section (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title and inter-est in and to such real property, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the op-tion of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto such real property. A deter-mination by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall require the Foundation to cover the costs (except any costs for environ-mental remediation of the property) to be in-curred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Foundation in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Foundation. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or ac-count, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of Agriculture. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary of Agriculture may require such additional terms and conditions in con-nection with the conveyance under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. Subtitle D—Military Land Withdrawals 
SEC. 2831. INDEFINITE DURATION OF CERTAIN MILITARY LAND WITHDRAWALS AND RESERVATIONS AND IMPROVED MANAGEMENT OF WITHDRAWN AND RESERVED LANDS. 
(a) I MPROVING MANAGEMENT OF CURRENT  S
TATUTORY LAND WITHDRAWALS AND RES-
ERVATIONS AND MAKING MANAGEMENT MORE T
RANSPARENT .— (1) R
OLE OF SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .— Section 101(a)(2) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service,’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENT OF INTEGRATED  
NATURAL RESOURCES MANAGEMENT PLAN .— Section 101(b) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) for purposes of paragraph (2), shall be reviewed— ‘‘(A) jointly by the Secretary of the mili-tary department and the Secretary of the In-terior; and ‘‘(B) in a manner that provides affected States and Indian tribes and the public a meaningful opportunity to comment on any significant revisions to the plan that may be proposed; and’’. (b) E
LCENTRO NAVAL AIRFACILITY  R
ANGES .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The El Centro Naval Air Facility Ranges Withdrawal Act (subtitle B of title XXIX of Public Law 104– 201; 110 Stat. 2813) is amended— (A) in section 2921(b)(3), by striking ‘‘, be-fore the termination date specified in section 2925,’’; (B) in section 2924(a), by striking the third sentence; (C) by striking sections 2925 and 2927; and (D) in section 2928(a), by striking ‘‘speci-fied in section 2925’’. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY  
NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND  
PUBLIC REPORTS .—The El Centro Naval Air Facility Ranges Withdrawal Act (subtitle B of title XXIX of Public Law 104–201; 110 Stat. 2813) is further amended by inserting after section 2926 the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4481 May 22, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 2927. DETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND PUBLIC RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) C
HANGES IN LAND CONDITIONS .—(A) Con- current with each review as to operation and effect of an integrated natural resources management plan covering lands withdrawn and reserved under this title, as required by section 101(b)(2) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(b)(2)), the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly pre-pare and issue a report describing any changes in the condition of the lands with-drawn and reserved under this subtitle since the later of the date of any previous report under this paragraph or the date of the envi-ronmental analysis prepared to support the actions that changed the condition of the lands. ‘‘(B) A report under subparagraph (A) shall include a summary of current military use of the lands withdrawn and reserved under this subtitle, any changes in military use of the lands since the previous report, and efforts related to the management of natural and cultural resources and environmental reme-diation of the lands during the previous five years. ‘‘(2) C
OMBINATION WITH OTHER REPORTS .—A report under this subsection may be com-bined with, or incorporate by reference, any contemporary report required by any other provision of law regarding the lands with-drawn and reserved under this subtitle. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—(A) Be- fore the finalization of a report under this subsection, the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite in-terested members of the public to review and comment on the report, and shall hold at least one public meeting concerning the re-port in a location or locations reasonably ac-cessible to persons who may be affected by management of the lands withdrawn and re-served under this subtitle. ‘‘(B) Each public meeting under subpara-graph (A) shall be announced not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting by adver-tisements in local newspapers of general cir-culation, notices on the internet, including the website of El Centro, and any other means considered necessary or desirable by the Secretaries. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall make the final version of a report under this subsection available to the public and shall submit the final version of such a report to the Commit-tees on Armed Services and Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate and the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILI-
TARY NEED.—With each report prepared pur-suant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy shall attach the Secretary’s determina-tion regarding whether there will be a con-tinuing military need for any or all the with-drawn and reserved lands for the following 5 years.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents of the El Centro Naval Air Facility Ranges Withdrawal Act (subtitle B of title XXIX of Public Law 104-201; 110 Stat. 2813) is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to section 2925; and (B) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2927 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2927. Determination of continuing military need for withdrawal and reservation and public re-ports.’’. (c) J
UNIPER BUTTE RANGE .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Juniper Butte Range Withdrawal Act (title XXIX of Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 2226) is amend-ed— (A) in section 2915— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ Du- ration’’ and inserting ‘‘Relinquishment’’; (ii) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘TERMI-
NATION .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘At the time of termination’’ and inserting ‘‘E
F-
FECT OF RELINQUISHMENT ON OPERATION OF  G
ENERAL LAND LAWS.—Upon relinquishment of Department of the Air Force jurisdiction over lands withdrawn and reserved by this title’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘P
ROCESS ’’ after ‘‘R ELINQUISHMENT ’’; (II) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under subsection (c)’’; and (III) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘before the date of termination, as provided for in subsection (a)(1)’’; and (iv) by striking subsection (c); and (B) in section 2916— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ or upon termination of withdrawal’’; (ii) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and in all cases not later than 2 years before the date of termination of withdrawal and res-ervation,’’; (iii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘envi-ronmental remediation’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection and insert-ing ‘‘environmental remediation before re-linquishing, to the Secretary of the Interior, jurisdiction over any lands identified in a no-tice of intent to relinquish under section 2915(b).’’; and (iv) in subsection (d)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERMINATES ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ELIN-
QUISHED ’’; (II) by striking ‘‘termination date’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘relinquish-ment date’’; and (III) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘termi-nation’’ and inserting ‘‘relinquishment’’. (2) D
ETERMINATIONS OF CONTINUING MILI -
TARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVA -
TION AND PUBLIC REPORTS .—Section 2909 of the Juniper Butte Range Withdrawal Act (title XXIX of Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 2230) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) C
HANGES IN LAND CONDITIONS .—(A) Con- current with each review of an integrated natural resources management plan devel-oped under this section, the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly prepare and issue a report de-scribing any changes in the condition of the lands withdrawn and reserved by this title since the later of the date of any previous re-port under this paragraph or the date of the environmental analysis prepared to support the actions that changed the condition of the lands. ‘‘(B) A report under subparagraph (A) shall include a summary of current military use of the lands withdrawn and reserved by this title, any changes in military use of the lands since the previous report, and efforts related to the management of natural and cultural resources and environmental reme-diation of the lands during the previous 5 years. ‘‘(2) C
OMBINATION WITH OTHER REPORTS .—A report under this subsection may be com-bined with, or incorporate by reference, any contemporary report required by any other provision of law regarding the lands with-drawn and reserved by this title. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—(A) Be- fore the finalization of a report under this subsection, the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite interested members of the public to review and comment on the report, and shall hold at least one public meeting concerning the re-port in a location or locations reasonably ac-cessible to persons who may be affected by management of the lands withdrawn and re-served by this title. ‘‘(B) Each public meeting under subpara-graph (A) shall be announced not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting by adver-tisements in local newspapers of general cir-culation, notices on the internet, including the website of the Juniper Butte Range (if one exists), and any other means considered necessary or desirable by the Secretaries. ‘‘(4) DETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILI -
TARY NEED .—With each report prepared pur-suant to this subsection, the Secretary of the Air Force shall attach the Secretary’s determination regarding whether there will be a continuing military need for any or all the withdrawn and reserved lands for the fol-lowing 5 years. ‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force shall make the final version of a report under this subsection available to the public and shall submit the final version of such a report to the Commit-tees on Armed Services and Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate and the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents of the Juniper Butte Range With-drawal Act (title XXIX of Public Law 105-261; 112 Stat. 2226) is amended— (A) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2915 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2915. Relinquishment of withdrawal.’’; and (B) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2916 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2916. Environmental remediation of relinquished withdrawn lands.’’. (d) R
ANGES COVERED BY SUBTITLE A OF M
ILITARY LANDS WITHDRAWAL ACT OF 1999.— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 885) is amended— (A) by striking section 3015; (B) by striking section 3016 and inserting the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3016. RELINQUISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE OF INTENT REGARDING RELIN-
QUISHMENT .—If the Secretary of the military department concerned decides to relinquish all or any of the lands withdrawn and re-served by section 3011, such Secretary shall transmit a notice of intent to relinquish such lands to the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(b) O
PENING DATE.—On the date of relin-quishment of the withdrawal and reservation of lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, such lands shall not be open to any form of appropriation under the public land laws, including the mineral laws and the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws, until the Secretary of the Interior publishes in the Federal Register an appropriate order stating the date upon which such lands shall be restored to the public domain and opened.’’; and (C) in section 3017— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3016(d)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 3016’’; and (ii) in subsection (e)— (I) by striking ‘‘If because’’ and everything that follows through ‘‘determines that’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary of the Interior declines to accept jurisdiction over lands withdrawn by this subtitle which have been proposed for relinquishment because the Sec-retary determines that’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the expi-ration of the withdrawal of such lands under this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘such deter-mination’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4482 May 22, 2018 
(2) E STABLISHMENT OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL  
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEES .—Section 3014 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 890) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) I
NTERGOVERNMENTAL EXECUTIVE COM-
MITTEES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—For the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned and the Secretary of the In-terior shall establish, by memorandum of un-derstanding, an intergovernmental executive committee for each range for the sole pur-pose of exchanging views, information, and advice relating to the management of the natural and cultural resources of the with-drawn and reserved lands. ‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—(A) The Secretary of the military department concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall include rep-resentatives from interested Federal agen-cies as members of the intergovernmental executive committee for a range. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned and the Secretary of the In-terior shall invite to serve as members of the intergovernmental executive committee for a range— ‘‘(i) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from the govern-ment of the State in which the withdrawn and reserved lands are located; and ‘‘(ii) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from each local government and Indian tribal government in the vicinity of the withdrawn and reserved lands, as determined by the Secretaries. ‘‘(3) O
PERATION .—The intergovernmental executive committee for a range shall oper-ate in accordance with the terms set forth in the memorandum of understanding. ‘‘(4) P
ROCEDURES .—The memorandum of understanding for a range shall establish procedures for creating a forum for exchang-ing views, information, and advice relating to the management of natural and cultural resources on the withdrawn and reserved lands, procedures for rotating the chair of the intergovernmental executive committee, and procedures for scheduling regular meet-ings, which shall occur no less frequently than twice a year. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATOR .—The Secretary of the military department concerned, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Interior, shall appoint an individual to serve as coordinator of the intergovernmental executive com-mittee for a range. The duties of the coordi-nator shall be included in the memorandum of understanding. The coordinator shall not be a member of the committee.’’. (3) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY  
NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND  
PUBLIC REPORTS .—The Military Lands With-drawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 885), as amended by para-graph (1), is further amended by inserting after section 3014 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3015. DETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND PUBLIC RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) C
HANGES IN LAND CONDITIONS .—(A) Con- current with each review as to operation and effect of an integrated natural resources management plan covering lands withdrawn and reserved under this title, as required by section 101(b)(2) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(b)(2)), the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly prepare and issue a re-port describing any changes in the condition of the lands withdrawn and reserved under this subtitle since the later of the date of any previous report under this paragraph or the date of the environmental analysis pre-pared to support the actions that changed the condition of the lands. ‘‘(B) A report under subparagraph (A) shall include a summary of current military use of the lands covered by the plan, any changes in military use of the lands since the pre-vious report, and efforts related to the man-agement of natural and cultural resources and environmental remediation of the lands during the previous five years. ‘‘(2) COMBINATION WITH OTHER REPORTS .—A report under this subsection may be com-bined with, or incorporate by reference, any contemporary report required by any other provision of law regarding the lands covered by the integrated natural resources manage-ment plan. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—(A) Be- fore the finalization of a report under this subsection, the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite interested members of the public to review and comment on the re-port, and shall hold at least one public meet-ing concerning the report in a location or lo-cations reasonably accessible to persons who may be affected by management of the lands addressed by the report. ‘‘(B) Each public meeting under subpara-graph (A) shall be announced not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting by adver-tisements in local newspapers of general cir-culation, notices on the internet, including the website of the affected military range (if one exists), and any other means considered necessary or desirable by the Secretaries. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the military department concerned shall make the final version of a report under this subsection available to the public and shall submit the final version of such a report to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILI-
TARY NEED.—With each report prepared pur-suant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall attach the Secretary’s determination regarding whether there will be a continuing military need for any or all of the withdrawn and re-served lands for the following 5 years.’’. (4) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106-65; 113 Stat. 885) is amended— (A) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 3015 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 3015. Determination of continuing military need for withdrawal and reservation and public re-ports.’’; and (B) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 3016 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 3016. Relinquishment.’’. (e) B
ARRY M. G OLDWATER RANGE .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3031 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 897) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, includ-ing the duration of any renewal or exten-sion’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
OR TERMINATION ’’; and (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking the last sentence; and (iii) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘or termination’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘D
URA-
TION’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the termination’’ and inserting ‘‘EFFECT OF RE-
LINQUISHMENT ON OPERATION OF GENERAL  L
AND LAWS.—On the date of relinquish-ment’’; (C) by striking subsection (e); and (D) in subsection (f)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERMINATION AND ’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘but not later than three years before the termi-nation of the withdrawal and reservation,’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘before the termination date of the withdrawal and reservation of such lands under this sec-tion’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘Not-withstanding the termination date, unless’’ and inserting ‘‘Unless’’. (2) D
ETERMINATIONS OF CONTINUING MILI -
TARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVA -
TION.—Section 3031 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 897), as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by insert-ing after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILI-
TARY NEED.—With each report prepared pur-suant to subsection (b)(5), the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall attach the Secretary’s determination regarding whether there will be a continuing military need for any or all the withdrawn and reserved lands for the following 5 years.’’. (3) U
SE OF DEFINITIONS .—Section 3031(c)(5) of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 907) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) The term ‘military munitions’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(e)(4) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(B) The term ‘unexploded ordnance’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(e)(5) of such title.’’. (f) N
ATIONAL TRAINING CENTER .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Fort Irwin Military Land Withdrawal Act of 2001 (title XXIX of Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1335) is amended— (A) in section 2910, by striking the section heading and all that follows through ‘‘At the time of the termination’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2910. EFFECT OF RELINQUISHMENT ON OP-ERATION OF GENERAL LAND LAWS. 
‘‘On the date of relinquishment’’; (B) by striking section 2911; and (C) in section 2912— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ Ter- mination and’’; (ii) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘During the first 22 years of the withdrawal and res-ervation made by this title, if’’ and inserting ‘‘If’’; (iii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘before the termination date of the withdrawal and reservation’’; and (iv) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Not-withstanding the termination date specified in section 2910, unless’’ and inserting ‘‘Un-less’’. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY  
NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND  
PUBLIC REPORTS .—The Fort Irwin Military Land Withdrawal Act of 2001 (title XXIX of Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1335) is further amended by inserting after section 2910 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2911. DETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND PUBLIC RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) C
HANGES IN LAND CONDITIONS .—(A) Con- current with each review as to operation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4483 May 22, 2018 
effect of an integrated natural resources management plan covering lands withdrawn and reserved under this title, as required by section 101(b)(2) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(b)(2)), the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly prepare and issue a report describing any changes in the condition of the lands with-drawn and reserved under this title since the later of the date of any previous report under this paragraph or the date of the environ-mental analysis prepared to support the ac-tions that changed the condition of the lands. ‘‘(B) A report under subparagraph (A) shall include a summary of current military use of the lands withdrawn and reserved by this title, any changes in military use of the lands since the previous report, and efforts related to the management of natural and cultural resources and environmental reme-diation of the lands during the previous five years. ‘‘(2) C
OMBINATION WITH OTHER REPORTS .—A report under this subsection may be com-bined with, or incorporate by reference, any contemporary report required by any other provision of law regarding the lands with-drawn and reserved by this title. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—(A) Be- fore the finalization of a report under this subsection, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite in-terested members of the public to review and comment on the report, and shall hold at least one public meeting concerning the re-port in a location or locations reasonably ac-cessible to persons who may be affected by management of the lands withdrawn and re-served by this title. ‘‘(B) Each public meeting under subpara-graph (A) shall be announced not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting by adver-tisements in local newspapers of general cir-culation, notices on the internet, including the website of National Training Center, and any other means considered necessary or de-sirable by the Secretaries. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the Army shall make the final version of a report under this subsection available to the public and shall submit the final version of such a report to the Commit-tees on Armed Services and Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate and the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) P
ERIODIC DETERMINATION OF CON-
TINUING NEED.—With each report prepared pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall attach the Secretary’s deter-mination regarding whether there will be a continuing military need for any or all of the withdrawn and reserved lands for the fol-lowing 5 years.’’. (3) E
STABLISHMENT OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL  
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE .—The Fort Irwin Mili-tary Land Withdrawal Act of 2001 (title XXIX of Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1335) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2914. INTERGOVERNMENTAL EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior shall establish, by memorandum of understanding, an intergovernmental ex-ecutive committee for the sole purpose of ex-changing views, information, and advice re-lating to the management of the natural and cultural resources of the lands withdrawn and reserved by this title. ‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) R
EPRESENTATIVES OF OTHER FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior shall include representatives from interested Federal agencies as members of the intergovern-mental executive committee. ‘‘(2) REPRESENTATIVES OF STATE AND LOCAL  
GOVERNMENTS .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite to serve as members of the intergovern-mental executive committee— ‘‘(A) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from the govern-ment of the State of California; and ‘‘(B) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from each local government and Indian tribal government in the vicinity of the withdrawn and reserved lands, as determined by the Secretaries. ‘‘(c) O
PERATION .—The intergovernmental executive committee shall operate in accord-ance with the terms set forth in the memo-randum of understanding under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The memorandum of understanding under subsection (a) shall es-tablish procedures for creating a forum for exchanging views, information, and advice relating to the management of natural and cultural resources on the lands withdrawn and reserved by this title, procedures for ro-tating the chair of the intergovernmental ex-ecutive committee, and procedures for sched-uling regular meetings, which shall occur no less frequently than twice a year. ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATOR .—The Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall appoint an individual to serve as coordinator of the intergovern-mental executive committee. The duties of the coordinator shall be included in the memorandum of understanding under sub-section (a). The coordinator shall not be a member of the committee.’’. (4) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents of the Fort Irwin Military Land Withdrawal Act of 2001 (title XXIX of Public Law 107-107; 115 Stat. 1335) is amended— (A) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2910 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2910. Effect of relinquishment on oper-ation of general land laws.’’; (B) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2911 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2911. Determination of continuing military need for withdrawal and reservation and public re-ports.’’; (C) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 2912 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2912. Relinquishment.’’; and (D) by inserting after the item relating to section 2913 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2914. Intergovernmental executive committee.’’. (g) R
ANGES COVERED BY MILITARY LAND W
ITHDRAWALS ACT OF 2013.— (1) E
LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 (title XXIX of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1025) is amend-ed— (A) by striking sections 2919, 2920; 2936, 2946, and 2979; (B) in section 2921, by striking ‘‘On the ter-mination of’’ and inserting ‘‘On the relin-quishment of’’; and (C) in section 2922(d)(3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
ON TERMINATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ UPON RE -
LINQUISHMENT ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or if at the expiration of the withdrawal and reservation,’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL  
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE .—The Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 (title XXIX of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1025) is further amended by inserting after section 2918 the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 2919. INTERGOVERNMENTAL EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—For the lands withdrawn and reserved by sec-tions 2941 and 2971, the Secretary concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall estab-lish, by memorandum of understanding, an intergovernmental executive committee for each location for the sole purpose of ex-changing views, information, and advice re-lating to the management of the natural and cultural resources of the withdrawn and re-served lands. ‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) R
EPRESENTATIVES OF OTHER FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—The Secretary concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall include rep-resentatives from interested Federal agen-cies as members of the intergovernmental executive committee for a location covered by subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
EPRESENTATIVES OF STATE AND LOCAL  
GOVERNMENTS .—The Secretary concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite to serve as members of the intergovernmental executive committee for a location covered by subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from the govern-ment of the State in which the withdrawn and reserved lands are located; and ‘‘(B) at least one elected officer (or other authorized representative) from each local government and Indian tribal government in the vicinity of the withdrawn and reserved lands, as determined by the Secretaries. ‘‘(c) O
PERATION .—The intergovernmental executive committee for a location covered by subsection (a) shall operate in accordance with the terms set forth in the memorandum of understanding under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The memorandum of understanding under subsection (a) shall es-tablish procedures for creating a forum for exchanging views, information, and advice relating to the management of natural and cultural resources on the withdrawn and re-served lands, procedures for rotating the chair of the intergovernmental executive committee, and procedures for scheduling regular meetings, which shall occur no less frequently than twice a year. ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATOR .—The Secretary con-cerned, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall appoint an individual to serve as coordinator of the intergovern-mental executive committee for a location covered by subsection (a). The duties of the coordinator shall be included in the memo-randum of understanding under subsection (a). The coordinator shall not be a member of the committee.’’. (3) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY  
NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND  
PUBLIC REPORTS .—The Military Land With-drawals Act of 2013 (title XXIX of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1025) is further amended by inserting after section 2919, as added by para-graph (2), the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2920. DETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILITARY NEED FOR WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION AND PUBLIC RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) C
HANGES IN LAND CONDITIONS .—(A) Con- current with each review as to operation and effect of an integrated natural resources management plan covering lands withdrawn and reserved under this title, as required by section 101(b)(2) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(b)(2)), the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly prepare and issue a re-port describing any changes in the condition of the lands covered by the plan since the later of the date of any previous report under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4484 May 22, 2018 
this paragraph or the date of the environ-mental analysis prepared to support the ac-tions that changed the condition of the lands. ‘‘(B) A report under subparagraph (A) shall include a summary of current military use of the lands covered by the plan, any changes in military use of the lands since the pre-vious report, and efforts related to the man-agement of natural and cultural resources and environmental remediation of the lands during the previous five years. ‘‘(2) C
OMBINATION WITH OTHER REPORTS .—A report under this subsection may be com-bined with, or incorporate by reference, any contemporary report required by any other provision of law regarding the lands ad-dressed by the report. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—(A) Be- fore the finalization of a report under this subsection, the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned and the Secretary of the Interior shall invite interested members of the public to review and comment on the re-port, and shall hold at least one public meet-ing concerning the report in a location or lo-cations reasonably accessible to persons who may be affected by management of the lands addressed by the report. ‘‘(B) Each public meeting under subpara-graph (A) shall be announced not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting by adver-tisements in local newspapers of general cir-culation, notices on the internet, including the website of the affected military range (if one exists), and any other means considered necessary or desirable by the Secretaries. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the military department concerned shall make the final version of a report under this subsection available to the public and shall submit the final version of such a report to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUING MILI-
TARY NEED.—With each report prepared pur-suant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall attach the Secretary’s determination regarding whether there will be a continuing military need for any or all of the withdrawn and re-served lands for the following 5 years.’’. (4) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents of the Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 (title XXIX of Public Law 113-66; 127 Stat. 1025) is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to section 2919 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2919. Intergovernmental executive committee.’’; (B) by striking the item relating to section 2920 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2920. Determination of continuing military need for withdrawal and reservation and public re-ports.’’; and (C) by striking the items relating to sec-tion 2936, 2946, and 2979. (h) R
EQUESTS FOR WITHDRAWALS MADE TO  S
ECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR ; TEMPORARY USE P
ERMITS AND TRANSFERS OF SMALL PARCELS  
OFLANDBETWEEN DEPARTMENTS OF INTERIOR  
AND MILITARY DEPARTMENTS ; M ORE EFFI-
CIENT SURVEYING OF LANDS .— (1) R
EQUIRING REQUESTS FOR WITHDRAWALS  
TO BE MADE TO SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .— Section 3 of the Act of February 28, 1958 (Public Law 85–337; 43 U.S.C. 157), is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘Any application’’ and in-serting ‘‘(a) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Any application’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘shall specify’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall be filed with the Secretary of the Interior and shall specify’’. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL ARRANGE -
MENTS FOR USE AND TRANSFER OF LANDS  
UNDER JURISDICTION OF SECRETARY OF THE IN -
TERIOR .—Such Act (43 U.S.C. 155 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 7. SHORT-TERM PERMITS FOR USE OF DE-PARTMENT OF INTERIOR LANDS FOR MILITARY TRAINING AND TEST-ING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—In addition to any other authority to grant permits for the use of land, the Secretary of the Interior may grant a permit to the Secretary of Defense to use land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior. Any such per-mit— ‘‘(1) shall be issued consistent with section 2691 of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(2) shall allow the Department of Defense to use the land only for purposes of training and testing that are consistent with the pur-poses for which the Secretary of the Interior manages the land; and ‘‘(3) may contain such other requirements as the Secretary of the Interior considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(b) D
URATION OF PERMIT .—A permit grant-ed under this section shall be in effect for such period as the Secretary of the Interior may provide, except that such period may not exceed 30 days. 
‘‘SEC. 8. TRANSFERS OF SMALL PARCELS OF LAND BETWEEN THE DEPARTMENTS OF DEFENSE AND INTERIOR. 
‘‘(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—Subject to any valid existing rights, upon mutual agree-ment, and without cost for the value of the land or any improvements thereon— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Interior may transfer administrative jurisdiction over land that meets the requirements of sub-section (b) to the Secretary of a military de-partment; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of a military depart-ment may transfer administrative jurisdic-tion over land that meets the requirements of subsection (b) to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR LANDELIGIBLE FOR  T
RANSFER .—The requirements of this sub-section are as follows: ‘‘(1) C
ONTIGUITY .—The land is contiguous to land already under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Secretary to whom such ju-risdiction is transferred. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON ACREAGE .—No single parcel of the land is larger than 5,000 acres of contiguous area. ‘‘(3) N
O RECENT PRIOR TRANSFER OF CONTIG -
UOUS LAND .—The land is not contiguous to any other land for which administrative ju-risdiction has been transferred under the au-thority of this section during the previous 5 years. ‘‘(4) P
RIOR USE FOR DEFENSE PURPOSES .—In the case of land transferred to the Depart-ment of Defense, the land was used for de-fense purposes immediately prior to the date of transfer. ‘‘(c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
REPARATION AND PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall— ‘‘(A) publish in the Federal Register a no-tice containing the legal description of any land transferred under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) file maps and legal descriptions of the land with— ‘‘(i) the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and ‘‘(ii) the Committees on Armed Services and Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(C) make copies of such maps and legal descriptions available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. ‘‘(2) FORCE OF LAW .—For purposes of any transfer of administrative jurisdiction over land under this section, the legal description and map for the land shall be the legal de-scription of the land filed under paragraph (1)(B), except that the Secretary of the Inte-rior may correct clerical and typographical errors in the legal description or map. ‘‘(3) C
OSTS.—The Secretary of the military department to whom administrative juris-diction over land is transferred under sub-section (a)(1) shall reimburse the Secretary of the Interior for the costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior in implementing this subsection with respect to such land. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT AND USE OF LAND TRANS -
FERRED TO THE SECRETARY OF A MILITARY DE-
PARTMENT .—Upon a transfer of administra-tive jurisdiction over land to the Secretary of a military department under subsection (a)(1)— ‘‘(1) the land shall be treated as property (as defined in section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code) under the administrative juris-diction of the Secretary of the military de-partment; and ‘‘(2) for as long as the land is under the ad-ministrative jurisdiction of a Secretary of a military department, the land shall be with-drawn from— ‘‘(A) all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposition under the public land laws, ‘‘(B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, ‘‘(C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral materials and all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. ‘‘(e) T
REATMENT AND USE OF LAND TRANS -
FERRED TO THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-
RIOR.—Upon a transfer of administrative ju-risdiction over land to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a)(2)— ‘‘(1) the land shall become public land; and ‘‘(2) the land shall be administered for the same purposes and be subject to the same conditions of use as the adjacent public land. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITIES .—The authority provided by this section is in addi-tion to, and not subject to, any other author-ity relating to transfers of land.’’. (3) S
HORT TITLE .—The first section of such Act (43 U.S.C. 155) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘That, notwithstanding’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ECTION 1. (a) W ITHDRAWAL , R
ESERVATION , ORRESTRICTION OF PUBLIC  L
ANDS FOR DEFENSE PURPOSES .—Notwith- standing’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) S
HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘Engle Act’.’’. (4) P
ROMOTING MORE EFFICIENT SURVEYING  
OF LANDS .—In fixing the original corner posi-tion in an official survey of unsurveyed land, when applicable and feasible, Cadastral Sur-vey may, instead of using physical monu-ments, use geographic coordinates correlated to the National Spatial Reference System geodetic datum, in accordance with the Man-ual of Surveying Instructions. (i) E
FFECT ON NEWLANDWITHDRAWALS AND  R
ESERVATIONS .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed as changing the requirements imposed on the Department of Defense to ob-tain a new or expanded land withdrawal and reservation. 
SEC. 2832. DESIGNATION OF POTENTIAL WILDER-NESS AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Certain land adminis-tered by the National Park Service, com-prising approximately 1 acre as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Poten-tial Wilderness, Mormon Peak Microwave Facility, Death Valley National Park’’, num-bered 143–142, 834, and dated March 1, 2018, is designated as a potential wilderness area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4485 May 22, 2018 
(b) U SES.—The Secretary of the Interior may permit on the land described in sub-section (a) only the uses that were permitted on such land on the date of enactment of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-433). (c) R
EESTABLISHMENT OF WILDERNESS DES-
IGNATION .— (1) N
OTICE .—The Secretary of the Interior shall publish a notice in the Federal Register when the Secretary determines that— (A) the communications site within the po-tential wilderness area designated under sub-section (a) is no longer used; (B) the associated right-of-way is relin-quished or not renewed; and (C) the conditions in the potential wilder-ness area designated by subsection (a) are compatible with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (2) D
ESIGNATION .—Upon publication by the Secretary of the notice described in para-graph (1), the land described in subsection (a) is— (A) designated as wilderness and as a com-ponent of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System; and (B) incorporated into the Death Valley Na-tional Park Wilderness designated by section 601of Public Law 103–433. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 2841. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUC-TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .—Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of Defense may make grants, conclude cooperative agree-ments, and supplement funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to as-sist States and units of local government in addressing deficiencies in community infra-structure projects or facilities which are lo-cated outside of military installations but which support military installations, and which are owned by the State or unit of local government, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the mili-tary value, resiliency, or military family quality of life at such military installation. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the eligibility and selection of States and units of local government to receive assist-ance under this subsection. Such criteria shall include a requirement that the State or unit of local government agrees to con-tribute not less than 20 percent of the fund-ing required to address the deficiencies in the community infrastructure project or fa-cility involved, except that the Secretary may waive such requirement in the case of a community infrastructure project or facility which is located in a rural area. ‘‘(3) Prior to providing any assistance to a State or unit of local government with re-spect to a community infrastructure project or facility under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall provide a notification to the ap-propriate committees of Congress of the in-tent to provide the assistance, and shall in-clude in the notification a comprehensive de-scription of how the assistance will address deficiencies in the project or facility, a cer-tification of military need, and (if applica-ble) a certification that the State or unit of local government has agreed to contribute funding for the infrastructure as required under paragraph (2). The Secretary may then obligate funds for such assistance only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which the notification is received by the committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title.’’. (b) DEFINITION .—Section 2391(e) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure project or facility’ means any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A transportation project. ‘‘(B) A school, hospital, police, fire, emer-gency response, or other community support facility. ‘‘(C) A water, waste-water, telecommuni-cations, electric, gas, or other utility infra-structure project.’’. 
SEC. 2842. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC INFRA-STRUCTURE IN COMMONWEALTH OF NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—If the Secretary of De-fense determines that any grant, cooperative agreement, transfer of funds to another Fed-eral agency, or supplement of funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of De-fense will result in the development (includ-ing repair, replacement, renovation, conver-sion, improvement, expansion, acquisition, or construction) of public infrastructure in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commonwealth’’), the Secretary of Defense may not carry out such grant, trans-fer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding unless such grant, transfer, coopera-tive agreement, or supplemental funding— (1) is specifically authorized by law; and (2) will be used to carry out a public infra-structure project included in the report sub-mitted under subsection (b). (b) R
EPORT OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT COM-
MITTEE .— (1) C
ONVENING OF COMMITTEE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, as the chair of the Economic Adjustment Com-mittee established in Executive Order No. 127887 (10 U.S.C. 2391 note), shall convene the Economic Adjustment Committee to con-sider assistance, including assistance to sup-port public infrastructure projects, nec-essary to support changes in Department of Defense activities in the Commonwealth. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after convening the Economic Adjustment Com-mittee under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report— (A) describing the results of the Economic Adjustment Committee deliberations re-quired by paragraph (1); and (B) containing a description of any assist-ance the Committee determines to be nec-essary to support changes in Department of Defense activities in the Commonwealth, in-cluding any public infrastructure projects the Committee determines should be carried out with such assistance. (c) P
UBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘public infrastruc-ture’’ means any utility, method of transpor-tation, item of equipment, or facility under the control of a public entity or State or local government that is used by, or con-structed for the benefit of, the general pub-lic. SEC. 2843. STUDY AND REPORT ON COLEMAN BRIDGE, YORK RIVER, VIRGINIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Navy vessels must have access to Naval Weapons Station, Yorktown, Virginia, in order to load munitions for war time needs. (2) To access the Station, vessels must pass the George P. Coleman Bridge on the York River, which swings open to allow passage. (3) Many Federal employees at the Station and at other critical military installations in the Tidewater region of Virginia live on the north side of the York River and com-mute to work using the Bridge. (4) The assured operation of the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge is therefore crit-ical to the operation of Naval Weapons Sta-tion, Yorktown and national security gen-erally. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON INCLUSION OF  B
RIDGE IN STRATEGIC HIGHWAY NETWORK .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Commander of the United States Transportation Command shall con-duct a study of the feasibility and desir-ability of including the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge on the York River, Vir-ginia, and United States Route 17 in the Strategic Highway Network. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the re-sults of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 2844. CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED PRIOR TO TRANSFER OF CERTAIN VETERANS MEMORIAL OBJECT. 
(a) C ERTIFICATIONS .—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 2864 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1869) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘T
RANSFER ’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘T
RANSFER  
OFCERTAIN VETERANS MEMORIAL OBJECT ’’; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘certifies to Congress’’ and in-serting ‘‘provides a certification to Con-gress’’ (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The certification required under paragraph (1) shall include a report with a classified annex describing the effects of the transfer of the object under this subsection on the national security interests of the United States (as required under subparagraph (A) of para-graph (1)) and the efforts undertaken to con-sult with veterans organizations and govern-ment officials in the State of Wyoming in order to preserve the history of the veterans associated with the object (as required by subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1)).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4486 May 22, 2018 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Bulgaria ................................................ Nevo Selo Fos .......................................................... .............................................. $5,200,000 
Poland ................................................... Drawsko Pomorski Training Area ........................................ ................................. $17,000,000 
Powidz Air Base ..................................................................................................... $87,000,000  
Zagan Training Area ............................................................................................. $40,400,000 
Romania ................................................ Mihail Kogalniceanu ..................................................... ........................................ $21,651,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Greece ................................................... Naval Support Activity Souda Bay ...................................... ................................. $47,850,000 
Italy ...................................................... Naval Air Station Sigonella ......................................... ......................................... $66,050,000 
Spain ..................................................... Naval Station Rota ................................................... ............................................ $21,590,000 
United Kingdom .................................... Lossiemouth .................................................................. ........................................ $79,130,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may ac-quire real property and carry out the mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Germany ............................................... Ramstein Air Base ........................................................ ......................................... $119,000,000 
Norway .................................................. Rygge .................................................................. .................................................. $13,800,000 
Qatar ..................................................... Al Udeid ............................................................. .................................................... $70,400,000 
Slovakia ................................................ Malacky ................................................................ ................................................. $59,000,000 
United Kingdom .................................... RAF Fairford ................................................................. ........................................ $106,000,000 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Estonia .................................................. Unspecified Estonia ................................................... ............................................ $15,700,000 
Qatar ..................................................... Al Udeid ............................................................. .................................................... $60,000,000 
SEC. 2905. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the military construction projects outside the United States author-ized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4602. 
SEC. 2906. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PLANNING AND DESIGN COSTS OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIA-TIVE PROJECTS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated for military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title may be obligated or expended for plan-ning and design costs of any project associ-ated with the European Deterrence Initiative until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a list of all of the military construction projects as-sociated with the European Deterrence Ini-tiative which the Secretary anticipates will be carried out during each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for the activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in division D. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT  P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in sub-section (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration as follows: Project 19–D–660, Lithium Production Ca-pability, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $19,000,000. Project 19–D–670, 138k Power Transmission System Replacement, Nevada National Secu-rity Site, Mercury, Nevada, $6,000,000. Project 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping, Kes-selring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,994,000. SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in division D. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in division D. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4487 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in division D. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR DUAL NA-TIONALS EMPLOYED BY NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Nuclear Se-curity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 3236 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3237. SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR DUAL NA-TIONALS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) In the case of an indi-vidual described in paragraph (3), the Sec-retary of Energy shall develop a process to review foreign preference in accordance with the adjudicative guidelines issued pursuant to section 710.7 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, or such successor regulation, before approving a security clearance for such individual. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall designate an offi-cial of the Administration to be responsible for adjudicating any derogatory information of an individual described in paragraph (3) concerning foreign preference that is discov-ered after the security clearance of the indi-vidual is approved. ‘‘(3) An individual described in this para-graph is an individual who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) an employee or contractor of the Ad-ministration who requires access to classi-fied information. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—In the case of an individual who is a national of the United States and also a national of a foreign state identified under section 1564b(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary may waive the re-quirement under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents at the beginning of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3236 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3237. Security clearance for dual na-tionals.’’. (c) B
RIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional com-mittee upon request, a briefing on— (A) the process developed under paragraph (1) of section 3237(a) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (a); and (B) the official designated under paragraph (2) of such section 3237(a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (B) The Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representa-tives. (C) The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 3112. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY COUNTER-INTELLIGENCE POLYGRAPH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 4504(b) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2654(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The regulations prescribed under para-graph (1) shall ensure that the persons sub-ject to the counterintelligence polygraph program required by subsection (a) include any person who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) an employee or contractor who re-quires access to classified information.’’. SEC. 3113. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCURE-MENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUP-PLY CHAIN RISK. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (g) of section 4806 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority under this section shall terminate on June 30, 2023.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection (f)(5)(A) of such section is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 3542(b) of title 44’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b) of title 44’’. 
SEC. 3114. LOW-YIELD NUCLEAR WEAPONS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PROHIBITION .—Section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 50 U.S.C. 2529 note) is amended by striking sub-section (c). (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of En-ergy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, may carry out the engi-neering development phase, and any subse-quent phase, to modify or develop a low-yield nuclear warhead for submarine-launched bal-listic missiles. 
SEC. 3115. USE OF FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION AND PROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a) if the Sec-retary submits to the congressional defense committees the matters specified in section 3121(b)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1892). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixed-oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. (2) The term ‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, long-lead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 
SEC. 3116. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROGRAMS IN RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for atomic energy defense activities may be ob-ligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, without delegation, may waive the prohibi-tion in subsection (a) only if— (1) the Secretary determines, in writing, that a nuclear-related threat in the Russian Federation must be addressed urgently and it is necessary to waive the prohibition to address that threat; (2) the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense concur in the determina-tion under paragraph (1); (3) the Secretary of Energy submits to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port containing— (A) a notification that the waiver is in the national security interest of the United States; (B) justification for the waiver, including the determination under paragraph (1); and (C) a description of the activities to be car-ried out pursuant to the waiver, including the expected cost and timeframe for such ac-tivities; and (4) a period of seven days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under paragraph (3). (c) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition under sub-section (a) and the requirements under sub-section (b) to waive that prohibition shall not apply to an amount, not to exceed $3,000,000, that the Secretary may make available for the Department of Energy Rus-sian Health Studies Program. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3117. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT OF ADVANCED NAVAL NU-CLEAR FUEL SYSTEM BASED ON LOW-ENRICHED URANIUM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy or the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to plan or carry out research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. (b) E
XCEPTION .—In accordance with section 7319 of title 10, United States Code, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for defense nuclear nonprolifera-tion, as specified in the funding table in divi-sion D, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reac-tors of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration for low-enriched uranium ac-tivities (including downblending of high-en-riched uranium fuel into low-enriched ura-nium fuel, research and development using low-enriched uranium fuel, or the modifica-tion or procurement of equipment and infra-structure related to such activities) to de-velop an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
SEC. 3118. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SUBMISSION OF ANNUAL REPORTS ON UN-FUNDED PRIORITIES. 
Section 4716 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—If the Administrator fails to submit to the congressional defense committees a report required by subsection (a) for any of fiscal years 2020 through 2024 that contains at least one unfunded priority by the deadline specified in such subsection, none of the funds authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available for the fiscal year in which such failure occurs for travel and transportation of persons under the Federal salaries and expenses account of the Administration may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Adminis-trator submits such report.’’. Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 3121. NOTIFICATION REGARDING RELEASE OF CONTAMINATION AT HANFORD SITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4488 May 22, 2018 
2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4447. NOTIFICATION REGARDING RELEASE OF CONTAMINATION. 
‘‘If the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental Management detects an im-proper release of contamination resulting from defense waste at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation, Richland, Washington, the As-sistant Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than two days after the date of such detection, notify the congressional defense committees of such release of con-tamination; and ‘‘(2) not later than seven days after the date of such detection, provide the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the status of such release of contamination, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the cause of the release, if known; and ‘‘(B) plans to address and remediate the re-lease, including associated costs and timelines.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents at the beginning of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4446 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4447. Notification regarding release of contamination.’’. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 3131. INCLUSION OF CAPITAL ASSETS AC-QUISITION PROJECTS IN ACTIVITIES BY DIRECTOR FOR COST ESTI-MATING AND PROGRAM EVALUA-TION. 
Section 3221(h)(2) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2411(h)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘P
ROGRAM .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROGRAM .—The term’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); and (3) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. 
SEC. 3132. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Department of Energy and its con-tractors rely to a significant extent on work-ers to bring attention to important nuclear safety concerns. (2) The Department of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, have a strong interest in preventing whistleblower retaliation and in ensuring the work environment is conducive to em-ployees raising concerns. (3) Retaliation against whistleblowers can lead to a chilled work environment in which employees do not feel free to raise important safety concerns. (4) The Comptroller General of the United States found in a 2016 report titled ‘‘Whistle-blower Protections Need Strengthening’’ that the Department of Energy had infre-quently used its enforcement authority to hold contractors accountable for unlawful retaliation, issuing only two violation no-tices in the past 20 years. (5) The Comptroller General also found that the Department had taken limited or no action to hold contractors accountable for creating a chilled work environment. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) raising nuclear safety concerns is im-portant for avoiding potentially catastrophic incidents or harm to workers and the public; (2) the Department of Energy should pro-tect whistleblowers and take action against contractors and subcontractors that retali-ate against whistleblowers; and (3) such action sends a strong signal to pre-vent or limit retaliation against whistle-blowers. (c) C
IVILPENALTIES .—The Secretary of En-ergy, including by acting through the Ad-ministrator for Nuclear Security as appro-priate, shall impose civil penalties under sec-tion 234 a. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282(a)), as the Secretary or the Administrator determines appropriate, on contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for violations of the rules, regulations, or or-ders of the Department of Energy relating to nuclear safety and radiation protection. (d) CHILLED WORKENVIRONMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall clearly define what constitutes evidence of a chilled work environment with respect to employees and contractors of the Department making a whistleblower complaint under section 4602 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2702), or any other law that may provide pro-tection for disclosures of information by such employees or contractors, without fear of being discharged, demoted, or otherwise discriminated against as a reprisal. (e) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, and each year thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an an-nual notification on whether any penalties were imposed pursuant to subsection (c), in-cluding a description of such penalties and the entities against which the penalties were imposed. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, $31,243,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES 
SEC. 3401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A MOUNT .—There are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of En-ergy $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval petroleum reserves. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME MATTERS Subtitle A—Maritime Administration 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2018, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associated with maintain-ing the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $74,593,000, of which— (A) $70,593,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations; and (B) $4,000,000 shall remain available until expended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $24,400,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Student Incentive Program; and (B) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $350,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $53,435,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $30,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For expenses necessary to maintain and preserve a United States flag merchant ma-rine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. (7) For expenses necessary for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administra-tive expenses relating to loan guarantee commitments under the program. (8) For expenses necessary to provide small shipyards and maritime communities grants under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, $35,000,000. SEC. 3502. COMPLIANCE BY READY RESERVE FLEET VESSELS WITH SOLAS LIFE-BOATS AND FIRE SUPPRESSION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall, consistent with section 2244a of title 10, United States Code, use authority under section 2218 of such title to make such modifications to Ready Reserve Fleet vessels as are necessary for such vessels to comply requirements for lifeboats and fire suppression under the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea by not later than October 1, 2021. 
SEC. 3503. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION NA-TIONAL SECURITY MULTI-MISSION VESSEL PROGRAM. 
Section 3505 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2776) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR USED V
ESSELS .—Amounts authorized by this or any other Act for use by the Maritime Ad-ministration to carry out this section may not be used for the procurement of any used vessel.’’. 
SEC. 3504. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. 
SEC. 3505. USE OF STATE MARITIME ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) T
RAINING VESSEL CAPACITY SHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Maritime Administrator and in consultation with the State maritime acad-emies, implement a program under which State maritime academies shall share among such academies training vessel capacity pro-vided by the Secretary as necessary to en-sure that training needs for the purpose of training licensed mariners of each academy are met in periods of limited vessel capacity that could affect required licensed mariner training as determined by the Maritime Ad-ministrator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4489 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—The pro-gram shall include— ‘‘(A) ways to maximize the underway training capacity for licensed mariners available in the fleet of training vessels; ‘‘(B) coordinating the dates and duration of training cruises with the academic calendars of State maritime academies, and ‘‘(C) identifying ways to minimize costs as-sociated with training voyages for both the Maritime Administration and the State mar-itime academies. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Maritime Administrator may provide additional fund-ing the State maritime academies during pe-riods of limited training vessel capacity, for costs associated with training vessel sharing. ‘‘(4) E
VALUATION AND MODIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year and as the Maritime Adminis-trator determines necessary in the State maritime academy training year, the Sec-retary, acting through the Maritime Admin-istrator, shall— ‘‘(A) evaluate the program under this sub-section to determine the optimal utilization of State maritime academy training vessels for the purpose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) modify the program as necessary to improve such utilization.’’. (b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall begin implementing the program required by the amendment made by sub-section (a) by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Coast Guard 
SEC. 3521. ALIGNMENT WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND SEA SERVICES AU-THORITIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITING SEXUAL HARASSMENT ; RE-
PORT .— (1) N
OTIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on August 26, 2018, if there is not in effect a general order or regulation prohibiting sexual harassment by members of the Coast Guard and clearly stating that a violation of such order or regulation is punishable in accordance with the Uniform Code of Military Justice. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification required under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) details regarding the status of the draft-ing of such general order or regulation; (ii) a projected implementation timeline for such general order or regulation; and (iii) an explanation regarding any barriers to implementation. (2) R
EPORT .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2917) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and in-cidents of sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and inci-dents of sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assault’’ each place it appears;2 (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and sex-ual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assault’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assault’’. (b) A
NNUAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2905. Annual performance report ‘‘Not later than the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pur-suant to section 1105 of title 31, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall make available on a public website and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an update on Coast Guard mission performance during the previous fiscal year.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2905. Annual performance report.’’. 
SEC. 3522. PRELIMINARY DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION. 
Section 573 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by— (A) striking ‘‘require that safety concerns identified’’ and inserting ‘‘ensure that inde-pendent third parties and Government em-ployees that identify safety concerns’’; and (B) striking ‘‘Coast Guard shall be commu-nicated as’’ and inserting ‘‘Coast Guard com-municate such concerns as;’’ (2) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘Any safety concerns that have been reported to the Chief Acquisition Officer for an acquisi-tion program or project shall be reported by the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mandant shall ensure that any safety con-cerns that have been communicated under paragraph (3) for an acquisition program or project are reported’’; (3) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) by striking the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) A
SSET ALREADY IN LOW , INITIAL , OR 
FULL -RATE PRODUCTION .—The Commandant shall ensure that if an independent third party or a Government employee identifies a safety concern with a capability or asset or any subsystems of a capability or asset not previously identified during operational test and evaluation of a capability or asset al-ready in low, initial, or full-rate produc-tion—’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Commandant, through the Assistant Com-mandant for Capability, shall’’ before ‘‘no-tify’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘no-tify the Chief Acquisition Officer and include in such notification’’ and inserting ‘‘the Dep-uty Commandant for Mission Support shall notify the Commandant and the Deputy Commandant for Operations of the safety concern within 50 days after the notification required under subparagraph (A), and include in such notification’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and that are delivered after the date of enact-ment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and de-livered after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’. 
SEC. 3523. CONTRACT TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 656 the following: ‘‘§ 657. Contract termination ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION .—Before terminating a procurement or acquisition contract with a total value of more than $1,000,000, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall notify each vendor under such contract and require the vendor to maintain all work product re-lated to the contract until the earlier of— ‘‘(A) not less than 1 year after the date of the notification; or ‘‘(B) the date the Commandant notifies the vendor that maintenance of such work prod-uct is no longer required. ‘‘(b) W
ORKPRODUCT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion the term ‘work product’— ‘‘(1) means tangible and intangible items and information produced or possessed as a result of a contract referred to in subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) includes— ‘‘(A) any completed end items; ‘‘(B) any uncompleted end items; and ‘‘(C) any property in the contractor’s pos-session in which the United States Govern-ment has an interest. ‘‘(c) PENALTY .—A vendor that fails to maintain work product as required under subsection (a) is liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each day on which such work product is unavailable. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall provide to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detail-ing— ‘‘(1) all Coast Guard contracts with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were ter-minated in the fiscal year; ‘‘(2) all vendors who were notified under subsection (a)(1) in the fiscal year, and the date of such notification; ‘‘(3) all criminal, administrative, and other investigations regarding any contract with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were initiated by the Coast Guard in the fiscal year; ‘‘(4) all criminal, administrative, and other investigations regarding contracts with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were completed by the Coast Guard in the fiscal year; and ‘‘(5) an estimate of costs incurred by the Coast Guard, including contract line items and termination costs, as a result of the re-quirements of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 656 the following: ‘‘657. Contract termination.’’. 
SEC. 3524. REIMBURSEMENT FOR TRAVEL EX-PENSES. 
The text of section 518 of title 14, United States Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘In any case in which a covered beneficiary (as defined in section 1072(5) of title 10) re-sides on an island that is located in the 48 contiguous States and the District of Colum-bia and that lacks public access roads to the mainland, the Secretary shall reimburse the reasonable travel expenses of the covered beneficiary and, when accompaniment by an adult is necessary, for a parent or guardian of the covered beneficiary or another mem-ber of the covered beneficiary’s family who is at least 21 years of age, if— ‘‘(1) the covered beneficiary is referred by a primary care physician to a specialty care provider (as defined in section 1074i(b) of title 10) on the mainland who provides serv-ices less than 100 miles from the location where the beneficiary resides; or ‘‘(2) the Coast Guard medical regional manager for the area in which such island is located determines that the covered bene-ficiary requires services of a primary care, specialty care, or dental provider and such a provider who is part of the network of pro-viders of a TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072(7) of title 10) does not practice on such island.’’. 
SEC. 3525. CAPITAL INVESTMENT PLAN. 
Section 2902(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘On the date’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4490 May 22, 2018 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1)(E) the following: ‘‘(F) projected commissioning and decom-missioning dates for each asset; and’’. 
SEC. 3526. MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM RISK ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 3521(b)(1) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2906. Major acquisition program risk as-sessment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than April 15 and October 15 of each year, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a briefing regarding a current assessment of the risks associated with all current major acquisition programs, as that term is defined in section 2903(f). ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each assessment under this subsection shall include, for each cur-rent major acquisition program, discussion of the following: ‘‘(1) The top five current risks to such pro-gram. ‘‘(2) Any failure of such program to dem-onstrate a key performance parameter or threshold during operational test and eval-uation conducted during the 2 fiscal-year quarters preceding such assessment. ‘‘(3) Whether there has been any decision in such 2 fiscal-year quarters to order full- rate production before all key performance parameters or thresholds are met. ‘‘(4) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) in such 2 fiscal-year quarters. ‘‘(5) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program schedule (as so defined) during such 2 fiscal-year quarters.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2906. Major acquisition program risk assess-ment.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2903 of title 14, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (f). 
SEC. 3527. MARINE SAFETY IMPLEMENTATION STATUS. 
On the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2020 under section 1105 of title 31, and on such date for each of the 2 subsequent years, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of implementation of each action outlined in the Commandant’s final action memo dated December 19, 2017. 
SEC. 3528. RETIREMENT OF VICE COMMANDANT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 46 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ or Vice Commandant’’ after ‘‘Commandant’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (a) as sub-section (a)(1); (3) by adding at the end of subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(2) A Vice Commandant who is not re-appointed or appointed Commandant shall be retired with the grade of admiral at the expi-ration of the appointed term, except as pro-vided in section 51(d).’’; (4) in subsections (b) and (c), by inserting ‘‘or Vice Commandant’’ after ‘‘Com-mandant’’ each place it appears; and (5) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘his’’ and inserting ‘‘the officer’s’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘other than the Commandant,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘other than the Commandant or Vice Com-mandant,’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 46 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘46. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Commandant.’’. 
SEC. 3529. LARGE COMMERCIAL YACHT CODE. 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall develop a Large Commercial Yacht code for recreational vessels over 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502 of title 46, United States Code, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 of such title (as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104 of such title), that is comparable to the Code of Safe Practice for Large Commercial Yachts (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Large Commercial Yacht Code’’), as published by the Maritime and Coast Guard of the United Kingdom. The Secretary shall complete such code by no later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 3531. COMMANDANT DEFINED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5. Commandant defined ‘‘In this title, the term ‘Commandant’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘5. Commandant defined.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 58(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (2) in section 101 by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-mandant’’; (3) in section 693 by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-mandant’’; (4) in section 672a(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (5) in section 678(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (6) in section 561(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (7) in section 577(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (8) in section 581— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (12) as paragraphs (4) through (11), respectively; (9) in section 200(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (10) in section 196(b)(1) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (11) in section 199 by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (12) in section 429(a)(1) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (13) in section 423(a)(2) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (14) in section 2702(5) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (15) in section 2902(a) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; and (16) in section 2903(f)(1) by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’. SEC. 3532. TRAINING COURSE ON WORKINGS OF CONGRESS. 
Section 60(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) C
OMPLETION OF REQUIRED TRAINING .—A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly ap-pointed or assigned to a billet in the Na-tional Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Re-gion, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. 
SEC. 3533. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) S ECRETARY ; GENERAL POWERS .—Section 92 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (e) through (h), respectively. (b) C
OMMANDANT ; GENERAL POWERS .—Sec- tion 93(a)(21) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 30305(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7)’’. (c) E
NLISTED MEMBERS .— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF THE ARMY AND DEPART -
MENT OF THE AIR FORCE .—Section 144(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘enlisted members’’. (2) N
AVY DEPARTMENT .—Section 145(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘enlisted members’’. (3) P
URCHASE OF COMMISSARY AND QUARTER -
MASTER SUPPLIES .—Section 4 of the Act of May 22, 1926 (44 Stat. 626, chapter 371; 33 U.S.C. 754a), is amended by striking ‘‘en-listed men’’ and inserting ‘‘enlisted mem-bers’’. (d) A
RCTIC MARITIME TRANSPORTATION .— Section 90(f) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the question mark. (e) L
ONG-TERM LEASE AUTHORITY FOR  L
IGHTHOUSE PROPERTY .—Section 672a(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Section 321 of chapter 314 of the Act of June 30, 1932 (40 U.S.C. 303b)’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-tion 1302 of title 40’’. (f) R
EQUIRED CONTRACT TERMS .—Section 565 of title 14, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘awarded or issued by the Coast Guard after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1) by striking ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’. (g) A
CQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE  B
REACH .—Section 575(c) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘certifi-cation, with a supporting explanation, that’’ and inserting ‘‘determination, with a sup-porting explanation, of whether’’. (h) E
NLISTMENTS ; TERM, GRADE .—Section 351(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the duration of their’’ before ‘‘minority’’. (i) M
EMBERS OF THE AUXILIARY ; STATUS .— Section 823a(b)(9) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘On or after January 1, 2001, section’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-tion’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4491 May 22, 2018 
(j) U SE OF MEMBER ’SFACILITIES .—Section 826(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 154 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30102 of title 49’’. (k) A
VAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 830(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1954’’ and inserting ‘‘1986’’. 
SEC. 3534. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-SULTATION. 
Section 566 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 3535. REPEAL. 
Section 568 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 15 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 3536. MISSION NEED STATEMENT. 
Section 569 of title 14, United States Code, is— (1) amended in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section,’’. 
SEC. 3537. CONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Officers, other than the Commandant, serving’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Officers serving’’. 
SEC. 3538. SYSTEM ACQUISITION AUTHORIZA-TION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 2701(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and aircraft’’ and inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and aircraft’’ and inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’. 
SEC. 3539. INVENTORY OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 679 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Not later than September 30, 2015, the Commandant shall establish’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mandant shall maintain’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) U
PDATES .—The Commandant shall up-date information on each unit of real prop-erty included in the inventory required under subsection (a) not later than 30 days after any change relating to the control of such property.’’. CHAPTER 2—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 3541. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘( ) ‘Commandant’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard.’’; (B) by striking the semicolon at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting a period; and (C) by redesignating the paragraphs of such section in order as paragraphs (1) through (54), respectively. (2) Section 3701 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating para-graphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3) re-spectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 114(o)(3) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1383a(o)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 2101(11a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2101(12)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 2101(11b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2101(13)’’. (2) Section 3(3) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802(3)), is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(21a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(30)’’. (3) Section 1992(d)(7) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(22)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(31)’’. (4) Section 12(c) of the Fishermen’s Protec-tive Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1980b(c)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 2101(11a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2101(12)’’. (5) Section 311(a)(26)(D) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)(26)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2101(17a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(23)’’. (6) Section 2113(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(42)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)(A)’’. (7) Section 2116(d)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-mandant’’. (8) Section 3202(a)(1)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(21)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(29)(A)’’. (9) Section 3507 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2101(22)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(31)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (l) and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) DEFINITION .—In this section and sec-tion 3508, the term ‘owner’ means the owner, charterer, managing operator, master, or other individual in charge of a vessel.’’. (10) Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2101(42)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 2101(42)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)(A)’’. (11) Section 6101(i)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (12) Section 7510(c)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’. (13) Section 7706(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (14) Section 8108(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (15) Section 12119(a)(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(20)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(26)’’. (16) Section 80302(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’ the first place it appears. (17) Section 1101 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Section 2101(17a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2101(23)’’. 
SEC. 3542. AUTHORITY TO EXEMPT VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (3); and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) maintain different structural fire pro-tection, manning, operating, and equipment requirements for vessels that satisfied re-quirements set forth in the Passenger Vessel Safety Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–206) before June 21, 1994.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3306(i) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2113(5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2113(4)’’. SEC. 3543. PASSENGER VESSELS. 
(a) Section 3507 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a)(3); (2) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘serv-ices confidential’’ and inserting ‘‘services as confidential’’; and (3) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Within 6 months after the date of enactment of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, the Secretary shall issue’’ and insert ‘‘The Secretary shall maintain’’. (b) Section 3508 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after the date of enactment of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’, and by strik-ing ‘‘develop’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Begin-ning 2 years after the standards are estab-lished under subsection (b), no’’ and insert-ing ‘‘No’’; (3) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section (d)’’. 
SEC. 3544. TANK VESSELS. 
(a) Section 3703a of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘that is delivered’’ and in-serting ‘‘that was delivered’’; (B) by striking ‘‘that qualifies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘that qualified’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘after January 1, 2015,’’; (3) in subsection (c)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘that is delivered’’ and in-serting ‘‘that was delivered’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that qualifies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘that qualified’’; (4) by striking subsection (c)(3)(A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) in the case of a vessel of at least 5,000 gross tons but less than 15,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as pre-scribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 25 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 30 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides;’’; (5) by striking subsection (c)(3)(B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) in the case of a vessel of at least 15,000 gross tons but less than 30,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as pre-scribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 25 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 30 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides; and’’; (6) by striking subsection (c)(3)(C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a vessel of at least 30,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under sec-tion 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 23 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 28 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides.’’; and (7) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and ex-cept as otherwise provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (b) Section 3705 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4492 May 22, 2018 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘(1)’’; and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘before January 2, 1986, or the date on which the tanker reaches 15 years of age, whichever is later’’. (c) Section 3706(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before Janu-ary 2, 1986, or the date on which it reaches 15 years of age, whichever is later’’. (d) Section 1001(32)(A) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(32)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than a vessel described in section 3703a(b)(3) of title 46, United States Code)’’. 
SEC. 3545. GROUNDS FOR DENIAL OR REVOCA-TION. 
(a) Section 7503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7503. Dangerous drugs as grounds for de-nial ‘‘A license, certificate of registry, or mer-chant mariner’s document authorized to be issued under this part may be denied to an individual who— ‘‘(1) within 10 years before applying for the license, certificate, or document, has been convicted of violating a dangerous drug law of the United States or of a State; or ‘‘(2) when applying, has ever been a user of, or addicted to, a dangerous drug unless the individual provides satisfactory proof that the individual is cured.’’. (b) Section 7704 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating sub-sections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
SEC. 3546. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 46, U.S.C. 
(a) Section 2110 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (k). (b) Section 2116(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2011 and each fiscal year thereafter, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’. (c) Section 3302(g)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘After December 31, 1988, this’’ and inserting ‘‘This’’. (d) Section 6101(j) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, as soon as possible, and no later than January 1, 2005,’’. (e) Section 7505 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 206(b)(7) of the National Driver Register Act of 1982 (23 U.S.C. 401 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7) of title 49’’. (f) Section 7702(c)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 206(b)(4) of the National Driver Register Act of 1982 (23 U.S.C. 401 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7) of title 49’’. (g) Section 8106(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING VIOLATIONS .—The max-imum amount of a civil penalty for a viola-tion under this subsection shall be $100,000.’’. (h) Section 8703 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating sub-section (c) as subsection (b). (i) Section 11113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4)(A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 2(9)(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2(a)(9)(A)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(9)(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(a)(9)(A)’’. (j) Section 12113(d)(2)(C)(iii) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118 Stat. 2887)’’ and inserting ‘‘118 Stat. 2887))’’. (k) Section 13107(c)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘On and after October 1, 2016, no’’ and inserting ‘‘No’’. (l) Section 31322(a)(4)(B) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘state’’ and inserting ‘‘State’’. (m) Section 52101(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 App. U.S.C. 459(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3808(a))’’. (n) The analysis for chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53109: (o) Section 53106(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking subpara-graphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), and by redesig-nating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively. (p) Section 53111 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4), and by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively. (q) Section 53501 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘transportation trade trade or’’ and insert-ing ‘‘transportation trade or’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); (3) by striking the second paragraph (7) (re-lating to the definition of ‘‘United States foreign trade’’); and (4) by inserting after the first paragraph (7) the following: ‘‘(8) UNITED STATES FOREIGN TRADE .—The term ‘United States foreign trade’ includes those areas in domestic trade in which a ves-sel built with a construction-differential subsidy is allowed to operate under the first sentence of section 506 of the Merchant Ma-rine Act, 1936.’’. (r) Section 54101(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM STANDARDS FOR PAYMENT OR  
REIMBURSEMENT .—Each application sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall include a comprehensive description of— ‘‘(A) the need for the project; ‘‘(B) the methodology for implementing the project; and ‘‘(C) any existing programs or arrange-ments that can be used to supplement or le-verage assistance under the program.’’. (s) Section 55305(d)(2)(D) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘421(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘1303(a)(1))’’. (t) The analysis for chapter 575 of title 46, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to section 57533 by adding a period at the end. (u) Section 57532(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 App. U.S.C. 1291(a), (c), 1293(c), 1294)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4701(a), (c), 4703(c), and 4704)’’. (v) Section 60303(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended in by striking ‘‘Sub-section (a) section does’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-section (a) does’’. 
SEC. 3547. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS TO OIL POLLUTION ACT OF 1990. 
(a) Section 2 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended by— (1) inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 5007 the following: ‘‘Sec. 5008. North Pacific Marine Research Institute.’’. (2) striking the item relating to section 6003. (b) Section 1003(d)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2703(d)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1002(a)’’. (c) Section 1004(d)(2)(C) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704(d)(2)(C)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘under this subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under subparagraph (A)’’. (d) Section 4303 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2716a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion 1016’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1016’’. (e) Section 5002(l)(2) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2732(l)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘General Accounting Office’’ and in-serting ‘‘Government Accountability Of-fice’’. SEC. 3548. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 1 of the Act of June 15, 1917 (chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (b) Section 5(b) of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the construction of bridges over navigable waters’’, approved March 23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906 (chapter 1130; 33 U.S.C. 495(b)), is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000 for a violation occurring in 2004; $10,000 for a violation occurring in 2005; $15,000 for a violation occurring in 2006; $20,000 for a violation occurring in 2007; and’’. (c) Section 5(f) of the Act to Prevent Pollu-tion from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1904(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) S
HIPCLEARANCE ; REFUSAL OR REVOCA -
TION.—If a ship is under a detention order under this section, the Secretary may refuse or revoke the clearance required by section 60105 of title 46, United States Code.’’. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount au-thorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the speci-fied dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PRO-
GRAMMING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a trans-fer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or sec-tion 1512 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation ac-counts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .— No oral or written communication con-cerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the re-quirements of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4493 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 002 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 744 744 003 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 43,326 103,326 MQ–1 Gray Eagle Service Life Extension Program ................................................................................. ................................ [60,000 ] 004 RQ–11 (RAVEN) .............................................................................................................. ............................................................... 46,416 46,416 ROTARY 007 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN .............................................................................................. ............................................. 753,248 753,248 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 174,550 174,550 009 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD .......................................................................................... .......................................... 284,687 284,687 Additional AH–64Es to address ARNG shortfalls .................................................................................. .................................. [192,000 ] Realignment to cover ARNG shortfalls ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–192,000 ] 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 58,600 58,600 011 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. .......................................... 988,810 1,073,810 Additional UH–60Ms for ARNG .................................................................................................... ........................................... [85,000 ] 012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 106,150 106,150 013 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................ ......................................... 146,138 146,138 014 CH–47 HELICOPTER ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 99,278 99,278 015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,235 24,235 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 018 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT (UAS) ................................................................................... ............................ 27,114 27,114 019 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 97,781 97,781 020 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............................................. 52,274 66,274 Army UFR: program increase ..................................................................................................... ............................................ [14,000 ] 021 AH–64 MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 104,996 104,996 022 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .......................................................................................... ........................................ 7,807 7,807 023 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 5,573 5,573 024 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 7,522 7,522 025 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 20,448 20,448 026 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................ ............................................ 17,719 17,719 027 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS .................................................................................................... ................................................. 6,443 16,443 UH–72A Life-Cycle Sustainability ............................................................................................... ............................................ [10,000 ] 028 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ................................................................................................... .............................................. 123,614 123,614 029 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE .................................................................................................... ............................................... 161,969 161,969 030 DEGRADED VISUAL ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................ ......................................... 30,000 30,000 031 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................ ............................................................ 26,848 26,848 032 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 103,246 154,114 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [50,868 ] 033 UAS MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 17,644 21,046 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [3,402 ] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 034 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..................................... 57,170 57,170 035 SURVIVABILITY CM ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 5,853 5,853 036 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 13,496 13,496 037 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .................................................................................... ........................... 36,839 36,839 OTHER SUPPORT 038 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 1,778 1,778 039 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................. 34,818 34,818 040 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .......................................... 27,243 27,243 041 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ........................................................................................................
..................................................... 63,872 63,872 042 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,417 1,417 043 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 1,901 1,901 044 LAUNCHER GUIDED MISSILE: LONGBOW HELLFIRE XM2 .............................................................................. ....................... 991 991 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................................ 3,782,558 4,005,828 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 001 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ................................................................................... ................................ 111,395 111,395 002 MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 871,276 1,131,276 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [260,000 ] 003 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I ................................................................................ ................................. 145,636 145,636 004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 31,286 31,286 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 006 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) ............................................................................................ .......................................... 276,462 248,862 Unit cost and engineering services cost growth ................................................................................. .................................... [–27,600 ] ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 008 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ...................................... 303,665 267,465 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus for command launch units .................................................................. ..................... [–50,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [13,800 ] 009 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................................................. 105,014 105,014 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 19,949 19,949 011 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............................................. 359,613 329,613 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–30,000 ] 012 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ................................................................................. .......................... 20,964 20,964 013 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS .............................................................................. ........................ 171,138 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [171,138 ] MODIFICATIONS 015 PATRIOT MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 313,228 333,228 Increase PATRIOT Mod efforts ................................................................................................... ............................................ [20,000 ] 016 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................ 221,656 236,656 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–65,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [80,000 ] 017 GMLRS MOD .................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 266 266 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4494 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
018 STINGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 94,756 94,756 019 AVENGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................................................... 48,670 48,670 020 ITAS/TOW MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 3,173 3,173 021 MLRS MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 383,216 505,216 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [122,000 ] 022 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 10,196 10,196 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 023 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 27,737 27,737 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 024 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 6,417 6,417 025 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,202 1,202 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................................... 3,355,777 3,850,115 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 001 BRADLEY PROGRAM ............................................................................................................ ...................................................... 205,000 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [205,000 ] 002 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ....................................................................................... ................................. 479,801 710,160 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [230,359 ] MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 004 STRYKER (MOD) .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 287,490 138,190 Army requested realignment to WTCV–5 ........................................................................................... ..................................... [–149,300 ] 005 STRYKER UPGRADE ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 21,900 360,000 A1 conversions for 5th SBCT .................................................................................................... ............................................... [188,800 ] Army requested realignment—A1 conversions for 5th SBCT ......................................................................... ......................... [149,300 ] 006 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 625,424 675,424 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [50,000 ] 007 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 26,482 26,482 008 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ ................................. 351,802 493,802 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [67,000 ] Smooth funding production profile .............................................................................................. ........................................... [75,000 ] 009 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................. ............................ 110,500 152,854 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [42,354 ] 010 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,120 2,120 011 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE ................................................................................................... .............................................. 62,407 62,407 012 M88 FOV MODS ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. 4,517 4,517 013 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 142,255 142,255 014 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 927,600 961,600 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [34,000 ] 015 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,075,999 1,530,999 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [455,000 ] WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 018 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ........................................................................................... ........................................... 1,955 7,081 Program Increase—M240L and M240B ............................................................................................... ...................................... [5,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [126 ] 019 MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S .............................................................................. ...................... 23,345 23,345 020 GUN AUTOMATIC 30MM M230 .................................................................................................... .................................................. 7,434 7,434 
021 MACHINE GUN, CAL .50 M2 ROLL ............................................................................................... ................................................ 22,330 22,330 022 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................ 12,470 12,650 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [180 ] 023 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ........................................................................................ .................................. 697 697 024 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ....................................................................................... ................................ 46,236 46,236 025 CARBINE .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 69,306 71,106 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [1,800 ] 026 SMALL ARMS—FIRE CONTROL .................................................................................................... ............................................. 7,929 7,929 027 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ................................................................................... ........................ 35,968 39,346 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [3,378 ] 028 HANDGUN .................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 48,251 48,251 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 029 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................. ........................................ 1,684 1,684 030 M777 MODS .................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 3,086 3,086 031 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 31,575 35,775 Additional free-float forward extended rails ................................................................................... ........................................ [4,200 ] 032 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 21,600 26,520 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [4,920 ] 033 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................... 3,924 3,924 034 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................... ........................................... 6,940 6,947 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [7 ] 035 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................ ............................................. 2,747 2,747 036 M119 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 5,704 5,704 037 MORTAR MODIFICATION ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 3,965 3,965 038 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .................................................................................. ................................ 5,577 5,577 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 039 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ......................................... 3,174 4,571 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [1,397 ] 040 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................ .................................. 3,284 3,284 041 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) .................................................................................... .............................. 1,640 1,640 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ....................................................................................................................... 4,489,118 5,857,639 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 41,848 45,240 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [3,392 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4495 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 86,199 86,239 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [40 ] 003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................................................. 20,158 20,175 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [17 ] 004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 65,573 65,762 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [189 ] 005 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,198 8,198 007 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 77,995 102,995 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [25,000 ] 008 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 69,781 69,781 MORTAR AMMUNITION 009 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 45,280 45,498 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [218 ] 010 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 46,853 47,337 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [484 ] 011 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................................................. 83,003 83,003 TANK AMMUNITION 012 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... .............................. 168,101 168,101 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 013 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. ........................... 39,341 39,341 014 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... ................................... 211,442 290,842 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [79,400 ] 015 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......................................... 100,906 152,606 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [51,700 ] 016 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL .............................................................................. ........................ 236,677 268,577 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–15,000 ] Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–2,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [48,900 ] MINES 017 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................ .................................... 15,905 15,905 ROCKETS 018 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .............................. 4,503 31,745 Army UFR: bunker defeat munitions .............................................................................................. ....................................... [25,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [2,242 ] 019 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............................................... 211,211 241,211 Army UFR: additional HYDRA rockets ............................................................................................. ..................................... [30,000 ] OTHER AMMUNITION 020 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 10,428 10,428 021 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........................................ 44,656 44,661 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [5 ] 022 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 19,896 19,904 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [8 ] 023 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 10,121 10,121 024 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 11,464 11,464 MISCELLANEOUS 025 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ........................................... 5,224 5,224 
026 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................... ...................................... 4,310 4,310 027 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) .......................................................................................... ......................................... 11,193 11,259 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [66 ] 028 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....................................... 10,500 10,500 029 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) .................................................................................... .............................. 18,456 18,456 030 CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 100 100 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 032 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 394,133 394,133 033 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION .................................................................................... ............................. 157,535 157,535 034 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 3,771 3,771 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................. 2,234,761 2,484,422 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 001 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ............................................................................................... ........................................... 16,512 16,512 002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,951 24,951 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [8,000 ] 003 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 .......................................................................................... .............................................. 50,123 70,893 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [20,770 ] 004 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................. ......................................... 46,988 36,988 Unobligated Balances ........................................................................................................... ................................................... [–10,000 ] 005 ARNG HMMWV MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ................................ 25,000 Additional HMMWVs .............................................................................................................. ................................................ [25,000 ] 006 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............................................. 1,319,436 1,319,436 007 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 6,480 6,480 008 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ................................... 132,882 132,882 009 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................. ............................ 14,842 14,842 010 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... ............................... 138,105 253,505 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [115,400 ] 012 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................ ......................... 31,892 38,574 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [6,682 ] 013 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................... ............................. 38,128 88,128 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [50,000 ] 014 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... .............................................. 78,507 78,884 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [377 ] 015 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ................................................................................ ........................ 27,000 SFAB emerging requirements ..................................................................................................... ............................................ [27,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4496 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 016 HEAVY ARMORED VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 790 790 017 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 1,390 1,390 018 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................ ............................................ 15,415 15,415 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 020 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ........................................ 150,777 150,777 021 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ..................................................................................... .............................. 469,117 533,117 Additional TCN-L, NOSC-L, and next generation embedded kits for IBCTs and SBCTs ................................................ ........ [64,000 ] 022 SITUATION INFORMATION TRANSPORT ............................................................................................ ...................................... 62,727 62,727 023 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY .............................................................................. .......................... 13,895 13,895 024 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) .................................................................................................. .............................................. 4,866 4,866 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 027 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ....................... 108,133 108,133 028 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS .............................................................................. .................. 56,737 56,737 029 SHF TERM ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 13,100 13,100 030 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 9,160 9,160 031 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 25,647 25,647 032 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) .............................................................................................. ......................................... 37,401 37,401 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 036 COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) ................................................................................... ............................... 20,500 20,500 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 037 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................. 1,560 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [1,560 ] 038 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ...................................................................................... ............................... 351,565 351,565 040 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................ ............................................ 4,641 4,641 041 TRACTOR DESK ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,187 2,187 042 TRACTOR RIDE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 9,411 22,611 Army UFR: program increase ..................................................................................................... ............................................ [13,200 ] 044 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR .................................................................................. ............................ 17,515 17,515 045 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ..................... 819 819 046 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ...................................................................................................... .................................................. 17,807 17,807 047 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....................................... 191,835 208,835 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–5,000 ] Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [22,000 ] 048 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ................................................................................ ....................... 25,177 25,177 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 050 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ........................................................................................... ........................................ 9,740 9,740 051 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ...................................................................................... .................................. 2,667 2,667 INFORMATION SECURITY 053 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 8,319 8,319 054 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP ................................................................................... ........................... 2,000 2,000 055 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ...................................... 88,337 88,340 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [3 ] 056 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................ 51,343 51,343 057 INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM—UNIT ACTIVITY MONITO ................................................................................ ........................ 330 330 058 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT ...................................................................................... ............................... 3,000 3,000 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 059 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................ .......................................... 34,434 34,434 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 060 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 95,558 95,558 061 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................. ................... 4,736 4,736 062 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (HSMCC) ............................................................................... ........................ 24,479 24,479 
063 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ............................................................................... ...................... 216,433 225,483 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [9,050 ] ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 066 JTT/CIBS-M (MIP) ........................................................................................................... ............................................................. 10,268 10,268 068 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 261,863 261,863 069 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) (MIP) ................................................................................ ............................... 5,434 5,434 070 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................................................... 20,623 21,223 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [600 ] 071 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ...................................................................................... ......................................... 45,998 45,998 072 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING & COLL(CHARCS)(MIP) ................................................................................ .............................. 296 296 076 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MIP) ................................................................................................ .................................................. 410 410 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 077 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........................................................................................... .................................. 9,165 9,165 078 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ..................................................................................... ............................. 5,875 5,875 079 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) (MIP) ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 8,497 8,497 083 CI MODERNIZATION (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 486 486 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 084 SENTINEL MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... 79,629 79,629 085 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 153,180 153,266 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [86 ] 086 LONG RANGE ADVANCED SCOUT SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. .................... 2,861 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [2,861 ] 087 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .................................................................................. ........................... 22,882 22,882 088 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ......................................... 17,393 17,404 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [11 ] 090 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................ 46,740 47,002 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [262 ] 091 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .............................................................................................. ........................................... 140,737 131,962 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [525 ] Unexecutable funds ............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–9,300 ] 093 PROFILER ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 171 171 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4497 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
094 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ...................................................................................... ............................... 405,239 431,385 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [26,146 ] 095 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ...................................................................................... ................................... 66,574 66,574 096 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ................................................................................................. ................................................. 20,783 24,833 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [4,050 ] 097 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........................................ 8,553 8,553 098 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........................................... 21,489 21,489 099 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................................................................... .................................................... 162,121 162,121 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 100 ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( .............................................................................. .................... 2,855 2,855 101 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 19,153 19,153 102 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... .............................. 33,837 33,837 103 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ..................................... 5,136 5,136 104 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE .............................................................................. ..................... 18,329 18,329 105 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........................................ 38,015 38,015 106 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. .......................... 15,164 15,164 107 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP .............................................................................. ...................... 29,239 29,239 109 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ................................................................................ ....................... 6,823 6,823 110 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... .......................................... 1,177 1,177 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 111 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .......................................... 12,265 12,265 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..................................... 201,875 201,875 113 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ............................................................................... ...................... 10,976 10,976 114 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ................................... 66,330 66,330 115 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,927 5,927 116 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ............................. 27,896 27,896 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 117 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 4,392 4,392 118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. .............................. 1,970 1,970 ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 119 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ............................................ 506 506 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 120A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 4,501 4,501 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,314 2,341 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [27 ] 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ................................. 7,478 7,478 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 173,954 174,271 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [317 ] BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 125 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 98,229 98,229 126 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ........................................... 64,438 64,438 127 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ............................... 79,916 79,916 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 128 HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST .............................................................................. ...................... 8,471 8,471 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. .......................... 29,883 29,883 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ..................................... 11,594 11,595 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [1 ] 131 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ............................... 40,834 40,834 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... .................................. 4,029 4,029 133 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ................................ 14,208 14,208 134 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ......................................... 31,456 31,456 
136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................ 1,748 1,749 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [1 ] 137 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................ 7,829 7,829 138 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ............................................ 5,806 5,806 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,852 9,852 140 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 1,103 1,103 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ........................... 5,875 5,875 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 92,487 92,487 143 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 30,774 30,774 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 17,521 17,521 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ..................... 44,855 44,855 147 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ................................................................................ ......................... 17,173 17,173 148 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. .............................................. 2,000 2,000 PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 149 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ...................................... 1,770 1,770 150 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... ............................. 39,730 39,730 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 57,752 77,752 Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................................. ......... [20,000 ] MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 152 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... .............................. 37,722 37,722 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................ 4,985 5,253 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [268 ] CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 155 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 7,961 7,961 156 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 1,355 1,355 158 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,031 13,031 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ............................... 46,048 46,048 160 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. .......................... 980 8,480 Program increase—additional ERACC systems ...................................................................................... ................................ [7,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4498 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
161 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 37,017 37,017 162 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ......................................... 6,103 6,103 RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 163 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 27,711 27,711 164 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... .......................................... 8,385 8,385 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ...................................... 133,772 133,772 166 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... ............................. 8,333 8,333 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 167 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 12,901 12,901 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 168 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...................................... 123,228 123,228 169 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................ 228,598 228,598 170 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ......................................... 33,080 33,080 171 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... .............................. 32,700 32,700 172 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING .............................................................................. ...................... 25,161 25,161 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 173 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 4,270 4,270 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................. 76,295 85,790 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [9,495 ] 175 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ................................. 9,806 9,806 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ................................................. 4,368 4,401 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [33 ] 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................ 9,879 9,879 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ........................................ 54,043 54,043 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......................................... 6,633 6,633 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .................................. 49,797 49,797 181 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. .......................................... 2,301 2,301 182 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... .................................... 11,608 11,608 183 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ........................................................... 4,956 4,956 OPA2 184 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 9,817 9,817 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................. 7,999,529 8,410,454 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 001 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................. .................................................. 1,937,553 1,907,553 Excess NRE and Support Costs ................................................................................................... ............................................ [–30,000 ] 002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 58,799 58,799 003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,144,958 1,132,058 Production Effiencies .......................................................................................................... ................................................... [–12,900 ] 004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 140,010 140,010 005 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 2,312,847 2,276,547 Production Efficiences ......................................................................................................... ................................................... [–36,300 ] 006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 228,492 228,492 007 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) ........................................................................................................ ......................................................... 1,113,804 1,089,804 Support cost growth ............................................................................................................ ................................................... [–24,000 ] 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 161,079 161,079 009 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 806,337 806,337 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 36,955 36,955 011 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ................................................................................................. .................................................. 820,755 820,755 014 P–8A POSEIDON ..............................................................................................................
............................................................. 1,803,753 1,777,753 Excessive CFE Electronics cost growth .......................................................................................... ........................................ [–5,000 ] Excessive GFE Electronics cost growth .......................................................................................... ........................................ [–1,000 ] Excessive support cost growth .................................................................................................. .............................................. [–20,000 ] 015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 180,000 180,000 016 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 742,693 726,393 Excessive CFE cost growth ...................................................................................................... ............................................... [–5,800 ] Excessive Non-reoccurring cost growth .......................................................................................... ........................................ [–2,900 ] Excessive Other ILS cost growth ................................................................................................ ............................................ [–1,700 ] Excessive peculiar equipment cost growth ....................................................................................... ...................................... [–5,900 ] 017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 240,734 240,734 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 018 C–40A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 206,000 0 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–206,000 ] OTHER AIRCRAFT 020 KC–130J .................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 160,433 160,433 021 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 110,013 110,013 022 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 568,743 544,793 Unit and support cost growth ................................................................................................... .............................................. [–23,950 ] 023 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 58,522 58,522 024 MQ–8 UAV ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 54,761 54,761 025 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 14,866 14,866 026 VH–92A EXECUTIVE HELO ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 649,015 649,015 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 027 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 25,277 25,277 028 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ 58,577 58,577 029 ADVERSARY .................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 14,606 14,606 030 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................. 1,213,482 1,210,982 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–2,500 ] 031 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................. 70,997 70,997 032 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 130,661 130,661 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4499 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
033 H–1 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 87,143 87,143 034 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ 3,633 3,633 035 P–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 803 803 036 E–2 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 88,780 88,780 037 TRAINER A/C SERIES ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 11,660 11,660 038 C–2A ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 11,327 11,327 039 C–130 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ................................................................. 79,075 79,075 040 FEWSG ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 597 597 041 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ................................................................................................. .............................................. 8,932 8,932 042 E–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 181,821 181,821 043 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ............................................................................................... ........................................... 23,566 23,566 044 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ............................................... 7,620 7,620 045 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................. 195,475 195,475 046 POWER PLANT CHANGES ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 21,521 21,521 047 JPATS SERIES ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. 27,644 27,644 048 AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS ................................................................................................. .............................................. 15,864 15,864 049 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................................................. 166,306 191,306 Navy UFR: F/A–18E/F Super Hornet Adaptive RADAR countermeasures ................................................................ ............... [25,000 ] 050 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... ............................................... 117,551 112,551 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–5,000 ] 051 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ............................................................................................. .................................... 1,994 1,994 052 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 40,696 40,696 053 P–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 71,251 71,251 054 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ...................................................................................................... .................................................. 11,590 11,590 055 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ 37,907 37,907 057 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. ............................................... 214,820 214,820 058 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ............................................................................................... .......................................... 952 952 059 F–35 STOVL SERIES .......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 36,618 36,618 060 F–35 CV SERIES ............................................................................................................. .............................................................. 21,236 21,236 061 QRC ........................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 101,499 101,499 062 MQ–4 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ 48,278 48,278 063 RQ–21 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 6,904 6,904 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 064 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 1,792,920 1,832,920 F–35B Spares ................................................................................................................... ........................................................ [40,000 ] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 065 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................. 421,606 411,606 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–10,000 ] 066 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. .......................................... 24,496 24,496 067 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ...................................................... 42,108 42,108 068 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,444 1,444 069 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................. 49,489 49,489 070 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ..................................... 1,951 1,951 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................................ 19,041,799 18,713,849 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 001 TRIDENT II MODS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 1,078,750 1,078,750 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 002 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ............................................. 6,998 6,998 STRATEGIC MISSILES 003 TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 98,570 213,370 
Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–81,000 ] Program Increase—198 missile ................................................................................................... ............................................. [216,000 ] Shutdown costs early to need ................................................................................................... .............................................. [–20,200 ] TACTICAL MISSILES 004 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 211,058 211,058 005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 77,927 122,927 Navy UFR: additional AIM 9–X missiles .......................................................................................... ....................................... [45,000 ] 006 JSOW ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 1,330 1,330 007 STANDARD MISSILE ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 490,210 490,210 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 125,683 125,683 009 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 91,272 91,272 010 RAM ........................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 96,221 93,921 Excess Production Support ...................................................................................................... ............................................... [–2,300 ] 011 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................ ........................................... 24,109 24,109 014 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ............................................................................... ........................... 11,378 11,378 015 AERIAL TARGETS ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 137,137 137,137 016 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,318 3,318 017 LRASM ...................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 81,190 111,190 Navy Unfunded Requirement ...................................................................................................... ............................................ [30,000 ] 018 LCS OTH MISSILE ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 18,156 18,156 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 019 ESSM ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 98,384 96,384 Excess Production Support ...................................................................................................... ............................................... [–2,000 ] 020 HARPOON MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................................................... 14,840 14,840 021 HARM MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 187,985 187,985 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 023 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .......................................... 2,006 2,006 024 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ............................................................................................. ....................................... 66,779 66,779 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 025 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .......................................... 62,008 62,008 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4500 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
026 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 6,353 6,353 027 MK–48 TORPEDO .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 92,616 103,616 Navy Unfunded Requirement ...................................................................................................... ............................................ [11,000 ] 028 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................ 12,324 12,324 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 029 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 105,946 95,446 HAAWC unit cost growth ......................................................................................................... ............................................... [–6,500 ] Non Recurring Engineering excess growth ........................................................................................ ..................................... [–4,000 ] 030 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ................................................................................................... ............................................... 40,005 40,005 031 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9,758 9,758 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 032 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................ 79,371 79,371 033 ASW RANGE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 3,872 3,872 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 034 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ..................................... 3,726 3,726 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 035 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 15,067 15,067 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 036 CIWS MODS .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 63,318 63,318 037 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 40,823 40,823 038 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 74,618 74,618 039 LCS MODULE WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... .................................................... 11,350 5,550 Mission Module Early to need ................................................................................................... .............................................. [–5,800 ] 041 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ................................ 22,249 22,249 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 043 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 135,688 130,688 Unjustified program cost growth ................................................................................................ ............................................ [–5,000 ] TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ......................................................................................................................... 3,702,393 3,877,593 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 79,871 79,871 002 JDAM ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 87,900 87,900 003 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............................................ 151,431 151,431 004 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ................................................ 11,344 11,344 005 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 49,471 49,471 006 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ......................................................................................... ................................... 56,227 56,227 007 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. .................................... 66,382 66,382 008 JATOS ...................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 2,907 2,907 009 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................................................... 72,657 72,657 010 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ........................................................................................ ................................. 33,613 33,613 011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. .............................................. 42,142 42,142 012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ .................................... 49,888 49,888 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ............................................ 10,931 10,931 015 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......................................... 1,106 1,106 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 019 MORTARS .................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 28,266 28,266 021 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ................................................................................................... ............................................... 63,664 63,664 022 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................ ......................................... 59,295 59,295 026 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ................................................................................................... ............................................. 31,577 31,577 028 AMMO MODERNIZATION ......................................................................................................... ................................................... 15,001 15,001 029 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 86,297 86,297 030 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 6,239 6,239 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ................................................................................................................ 1,006,209 1,006,209 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 001 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 3,005,330 3,088,030 Accelerated Advance Procurement ................................................................................................ ......................................... [150,000 ] Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus for the foundry propeller center .......................................................... .................... [–19,000 ] Ordnance Early to Need ......................................................................................................... ................................................. [–48,300 ] OTHER WARSHIPS 002 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ........................................ 1,598,181 1,549,081 Authorize CVN81—One ship ....................................................................................................... ............................................. Excess change order rate ....................................................................................................... ................................................. [–49,100 ] 004 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ................................................................................................... ................................................ 4,373,382 5,311,382 EOQ AP for submarine in FY 2022 and 2023 ....................................................................................... ...................................... [1,003,000 ] Excess change order rate ....................................................................................................... ................................................. [–20,000 ] Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–45,000 ] 005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 2,796,401 2,796,401 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 449,597 449,597 008 DDG 1000 ................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 270,965 270,965 009 DDG–51 ..................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 5,253,327 4,941,327 DDG Flight III Multiyear Procurement Savings ................................................................................... ................................. [–150,000 ] Excessive Basic Construction Unit Cost Growth .................................................................................. .................................. [–162,000 ] 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 391,928 391,928 011 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 646,244 1,596,244 Program Increase—Two ships ..................................................................................................... ............................................ [950,000 ] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 012A ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) .................................................................................................. ............................................ 150,000 EOQ for LPD Flight II Multi-year Procurement ................................................................................... ................................. [150,000 ] 013 EXPEDITIONARY SEA BASE (ESB) ............................................................................................... ............................................. 650,000 630,000 Accelerated contracts learning curve ........................................................................................... .......................................... [–20,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4501 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 016 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 977,104 957,104 Accelerated contracts learning curve ........................................................................................... .......................................... [–20,000 ] 017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 75,046 75,046 018 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) ..................................................................................... .................................... 80,517 75,517 Accelerated contracts learning curve ........................................................................................... .......................................... [–5,000 ] 020 LCU 1700 ................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 41,520 41,520 021 OUTFITTING ................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 634,038 589,038 Outfitting and Post Delivery early to need ..................................................................................... ....................................... [–45,000 ] 022 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .................................................................................................... ................................................. 325,375 507,875 Program Increase—Three vessels ................................................................................................. ........................................... [182,500 ] 023 SERVICE CRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 72,062 72,062 024 LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 23,321 23,321 028 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ..................................................................................... ............................... 207,099 207,099 TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................................................ 21,871,437 23,723,537 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 001 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .............................................. 19,700 19,700 GENERATORS 003 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ..................................................................................................... .............................................. 23,495 23,495 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 004 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........................................... 63,330 63,330 OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 005 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................. .............................. 178,421 178,421 006 DDG MOD .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 487,999 591,199 AWS Installation Unit Cost Growth .............................................................................................. ......................................... [–4,800 ] Navy Unfunded Requirement ...................................................................................................... ............................................ [43,000 ] Program Increase—One additional Combat System .................................................................................. ............................. [65,000 ] 007 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 28,143 28,143 008 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................................................................................ ................................... 2,248 2,248 009 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 37,694 37,694 010 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......................................... 20,883 20,883 011 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......................................... 37,155 37,155 012 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ...................................... 66,328 66,328 013 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................... 47,241 47,241 014 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 27,987 27,987 015 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................... 65,033 65,033 016 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ........................................ 89,700 89,700 017 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... .................................... 22,254 22,254 018 DSSP EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 3,629 3,629 019 CG MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 276,446 272,546 Integrated Ship Controls Unit Cost Growth ...................................................................................... ..................................... [–3,900 ] 020 LCAC ....................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 3,709 3,709 021 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ............................................ 78,807 48,407 Insufficient transition strategy ............................................................................................... ............................................... [–30,400 ] 022 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 126,865 126,865 023 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ................................................................................................. .......................................... 2,966 2,966 024 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ........................................ 11,968 11,968 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
025 REACTOR POWER UNITS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 346,325 0 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ........................................................ [–346,325 ] 026 REACTOR COMPONENTS ......................................................................................................... ................................................... 497,063 497,063 OCEAN ENGINEERING 027 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .......................................... 10,706 10,706 SMALL BOATS 028 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 49,771 49,771 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 029 OPERATING FORCES IPE ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 225,181 225,181 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 031 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ............................... 46,732 46,732 032 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................................................ 124,147 124,147 033 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................................................ 57,294 7,394 Late test event for VDS and MFTA ............................................................................................... ......................................... [–49,900 ] 034 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................................................ 26,006 15,006 Surface to Surface MM Early to need ............................................................................................ ......................................... [–11,000 ] 035 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................... ............................................ 70,526 70,526 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 036 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................ 4,784 4,784 SHIP SONARS 037 SPQ–9B RADAR ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 20,309 20,309 038 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....................................... 115,459 115,459 039 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 318,189 318,189 040 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ............................... 10,134 10,134 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 041 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM .......................................................................................... .................................. 23,815 23,815 042 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 11,277 11,277 043 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................. 237,780 207,780 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–30,000 ] 044 SURTASS .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 57,872 47,872 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus for SURTASS-E ............................................................................. .......................... [–10,000 ] ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 045 AN/SLQ–32 .................................................................................................................. ................................................................... 420,344 397,244 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4502 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Excess Ship Installation Unit Cost Growth ...................................................................................... ...................................... [–23,100 ] RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 046 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 220,883 220,883 047 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ...................................................................................... .................................. 4,028 4,028 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 048 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY .......................................................................................... .................................. 44,173 42,573 Excess Production Engineering Support .......................................................................................... ....................................... [–1,600 ] 049 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) .............................................................................. ...................... 10,991 10,991 050 ATDLS ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 34,526 34,526 051 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ..................................................................................... .............................. 3,769 3,769 052 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................ ................................... 35,709 35,709 053 SHALLOW WATER MCM .......................................................................................................... .................................................... 8,616 8,616 054 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) .............................................................................................. ........................................... 10,703 10,703 055 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ....................................................................................... .................................. 2,626 2,626 056 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... .................................... 9,467 9,467 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 057 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................................................. 70,849 70,849 058 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................................................. 47,890 47,890 059 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 26,163 26,163 060 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( .............................................................................. .......................... 38,094 38,094 061 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ....................................... 11,966 11,966 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 062 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ .............................................. 42,010 42,010 063 DCGS-N ..................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 12,896 12,896 064 CANES ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 423,027 423,027 065 RADIAC ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 8,175 8,175 066 CANES-INTELL ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 54,465 54,465 067 GPETE ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 5,985 5,985 068 MASF ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 5,413 5,413 069 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY .......................................................................................... ..................................... 6,251 6,251 070 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................ .......................................... 4,183 4,183 071 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 148,350 148,350 SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 072 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................................... ................................... 45,450 45,450 073 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ............................................................................................. ...................................... 105,087 105,087 074 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ............................................................................................. ........................................ 41,123 41,123 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 075 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ......................................... 30,897 30,897 076 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ................................. 78,580 78,580 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 077 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .................................... 41,205 41,205 078 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) .............................................................................................. ........................................ 113,885 113,885 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 079 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................ .......................... 4,292 4,292 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 080 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ....................................................................................... ................................... 153,526 153,526 081 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................ ............................................ 951 951 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 082 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..................................... 14,209 14,209 OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 086 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 40,713 40,713 SONOBUOYS 088 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 177,891 216,191 Navy Unfunded Requirement ...................................................................................................... ............................................ [38,300 ] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 089 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................
.................................... 93,864 93,864 090 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........................................... 111,724 111,724 091 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) .............................................................................................. ......................................... 11,054 11,054 092 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,072 21,072 093 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 656 656 094 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. ...................................... 11,299 11,299 095 LAMPS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 594 594 096 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 39,374 39,374 097 UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL .............................................................................. ....................... 35,405 35,405 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 098 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 5,337 5,337 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 099 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ......................................... 213,090 208,090 Unjustified Stalker Growth ..................................................................................................... ............................................... [–5,000 ] 100 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........................................ 92,890 92,890 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 101 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........................................ 271,817 271,817 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 102 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........................................... 129,501 124,001 Excessive Unit Cost Growth for Install ......................................................................................... ......................................... [–5,500 ] 103 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 19,436 19,436 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..................................... 14,258 14,258 105 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 5,378 5,378 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 106 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. ........................................ 65,543 65,543 107 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 230,425 230,425 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4503 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 4,867 4,867 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 2,674 2,674 110 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..................................... 20,994 20,994 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,189 17,189 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 19,916 19,916 113 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................................................. 7,400 7,400 114 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......................................... 2,713 2,713 115 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 35,540 35,540 116 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ............................................. 1,155 1,155 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 117 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 18,786 18,786 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ..................................... 5,375 5,375 119 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ....................................... 580,371 580,371 TRAINING DEVICES 120 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 3,400 3,400 121 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..................................... 24,283 22,183 Excess Production Support ...................................................................................................... ............................................... [–2,100 ] COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .......................................... 66,681 66,681 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................ 3,352 3,352 125 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......................................... 1,984 1,984 126 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .................................. 15,131 15,131 127 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 3,576 3,576 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................... 31,902 31,902 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................... 175,436 175,436 130 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .................................. 25,393 25,393 OTHER 133 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ................................... 96,269 96,269 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 133A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 15,681 15,681 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 326,838 326,838 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY .............................................................................................................................. 9,414,355 9,037,030 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 001 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 156,249 136,249 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–20,000 ] 002 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 .............................................................................................. ............................................ 167,478 167,478 003 LAV PIP .................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 43,701 43,701 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 005 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ........................................................................................... ..................................... 47,158 47,158 006 ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............................................ 134,246 134,246 007 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ............................................................................... ......................... 40,687 40,687 OTHER SUPPORT 008 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 22,904 22,904 GUIDED MISSILES 009 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ................................................................................................... .............................................. 18,334 18,334 010 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN ................................................................................................. .............................................. 3,020 3,020 011 FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) .................................................................................. .......................... 13,760 13,760 012 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 59,702 59,702 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 013 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C .............................................................................. ..................... 35,467 35,467 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 014 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............................................. 46,081 41,481 Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................................................... [–4,600 ] 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 015 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 971 971 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 016 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...................................... 69,203 62,203 Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................................................... [–7,000 ] 017 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................... 14,269 14,269 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 018 RADAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 6,694 6,694 019 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) .................................................................................... ................................ 224,969 224,969 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 021 GCSS-MC .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,187 1,187 022 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 60,189 60,189 023 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....................................... 73,848 67,848 Unjustified request for TSCS Inc 1 ............................................................................................. ............................................ [–6,000 ] 025 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) ............................................................................................... ........................................... 3,848 3,848 026 DCGS-MC .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 16,081 16,081 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 030 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) .................................................................................. .......................... 87,120 87,120 031 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................................. .......................................... 68,914 68,914 032 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................................................. 124,838 124,838 033 RADIO SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... 279,680 264,680 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–15,000 ] 034 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .................................... 36,649 36,649 035 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................. 83,971 83,971 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 035A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 3,626 3,626 ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4504 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
036 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................ 25,441 25,441 TACTICAL VEHICLES 037 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................. ....................................... 11,392 11,392 038 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............................................. 607,011 676,011 Optimize production profile .................................................................................................... ................................................ [69,000 ] 039 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................ ............................................ 2,393 2,393 040 TRAILERS ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 6,540 6,540 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 041 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT ......................................................................................... ................................. 496 496 042 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................................................. 54 54 043 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,062 21,062 044 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ......................................... 5,290 5,290 045 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 47,854 47,854 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 046 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................... 28,306 28,306 GENERAL PROPERTY 047 FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 33,513 33,513 048 TRAINING DEVICES ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 52,040 52,040 049 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..................................... 36,156 39,656 GPS Grade Control Systems (GCS) and Survey Sets ................................................................................ .............................. [3,500 ] 050 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ............................................................................... ......................... 606 606 OTHER SUPPORT 051 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 11,608 11,608 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 053 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 25,804 25,804 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS .......................................................................................................................... 2,860,410 2,880,310 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 001 F–35 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 4,261,021 4,177,681 Production Efficiences ......................................................................................................... ................................................... [–83,340 ] 002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 406,000 406,000 OTHER COMBAT AIRCRAFT 003 C–135B ..................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 222,176 0 Ahead of need .................................................................................................................. ........................................................ [–222,176 ] TACTICAL AIRLIFT 004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 35,858 35,858 005 KC–46A TANKER .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 2,559,911 2,010,911 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus—three aircraft ............................................................................ ............................. [–499,000 ] Interim contractor support early to need ....................................................................................... ........................................ [–50,000 ] OTHER AIRLIFT 007 HC–130J .................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 129,437 129,437 009 MC–130J .................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 770,201 670,201 Interim supply support costs unjustified growth ................................................................................ .................................... [–100,000 ] 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 218,000 218,000 HELICOPTERS 012 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ................................................................................................... ............................................. 680,201 680,201 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 014 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ....................................................................................................... ........................................................ 2,719 2,719 OTHER AIRCRAFT 015 TARGET DRONES .............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 139,053 139,053 016 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 108,113 108,113 018 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 221,707 264,507 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [42,800 ] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 020 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 60,301 37,301 MOP modifications excess to need ............................................................................................... ........................................... [–23,000 ] 021 B–1B ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 51,290 51,290 022 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 105,519 90,819 Technical adjustment (move to R–173) ........................................................................................... ........................................ [–14,700 ] TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 024 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 98,720 163,720 Additional A–10 wing replacements .............................................................................................. .......................................... [65,000 ] 025 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 10,831 10,831 026 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 548,109 548,109 027 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 324,312 324,312 028 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 11 11 029 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 250,710 250,710 031 F–35 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ......................................................... 247,271 247,271 032 F–15 EPAW .................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 147,685 214,885 Eagle Passive Active Warning and Survivability System (EPAWSS) ................................................................. ................... [67,200 ] 033 INCREMENT 3.2B ............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 9,007 9,007 035 KC–46A TANKER .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 8,547 8,547 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 036 C–5 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 77,845 77,845 038 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 102,121 102,121 039 C–21 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 17,516 17,516 040 C–32A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 4,537 4,537 041 C–37A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 419 419 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 043 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 137 137 044 T–6 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 22,550 22,550 045 T–1 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 21,952 21,952 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4505 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
046 T–38 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 70,623 70,623 OTHER AIRCRAFT 047 U–2 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 48,774 48,774 048 KC–10A (ATCA) .............................................................................................................. ............................................................... 11,104 11,104 049 C–12 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 4,900 4,900 050 VC–25A MOD ................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 36,938 36,938 051 C–40 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 251 251 052 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 22,094 151,094 Program Increase--eight blade proppeler upgrade (88 kits) ...................................................................... .............................. [55,000 ] Program Increase--engine enhancement program (88 kits) ......................................................................... ............................ [74,000 ] 053 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................................................. 132,045 132,045 054 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 113,076 113,076 055 OC–135B .................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 5,913 5,913 056 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 49,885 49,885 057 COMBAT FLIGHT INSPECTION (CFIN) ............................................................................................ ........................................... 499 499 058 RC–135 ..................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 394,532 394,532 059 E–3 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 133,906 133,906 060 E–4 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 67,858 67,858 061 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 9,919 9,919 062 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CNTR SYS (AWACS) 40/45 ................................................................................ ............................... 57,780 57,780 063 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ................................................................................... .............................. 14,293 14,293 064 H–1 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................................................ 2,940 2,940 065 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 55,466 55,466 066 RQ–4 MODS .................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 23,715 128,715 EQ–4 BACN aircraft increase .................................................................................................... .............................................. [105,000 ] 067 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................... 37,754 37,754 068 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 62,010 62,010 069 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 171,548 171,548 071 CV–22 MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 60,416 60,416 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 072 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ .............................................. 956,408 1,016,408 F–35A Spares ................................................................................................................... ........................................................ [60,000 ] COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 073 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ......................................................................................... ................................. 81,241 81,241 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 076 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 1,763 1,763 077 B–2B ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 35,861 35,861 078 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 12,819 12,819 079 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 10,114 10,114 081 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 2,545 2,545 083 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 11,718 7,718 F–16 Line Shutdown ............................................................................................................. ................................................... [–4,000 ] 084 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 14,489 14,489 085 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 9,928 9,928 086 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ............................................................................................... ........................................... 40,641 3,341 RQ–4 Post Production Support ................................................................................................... ............................................ [–37,300 ] INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 088 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS .................................................................................................. ............................................. 17,378 17,378 WAR CONSUMABLES 090 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ...................................................... 29,342 29,342 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
091 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,502,386 1,393,386 Classified program adjustment .................................................................................................. ............................................. [–109,000 ] CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 095 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 28,278 28,278 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................... 16,206,937 15,533,421 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 001 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ........................................................................................... ....................................... 36,786 36,786 TACTICAL 002 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ......................................................................................... ..................................... 430,708 430,708 003 LRASM0 ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 44,185 44,185 004 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 121,253 121,253 005 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 337,886 337,886 006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............................................. 113,765 113,765 007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 105,034 105,034 008 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 100,861 100,861 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 009 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION ........................................................................................ .................................. 787 787 CLASS IV 010 ICBM FUZE MOD .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 15,767 15,767 011 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,100 4,100 012 MM III MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 129,199 129,199 013 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 288 288 014 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ........................................................................................... .......................................... 47,632 47,632 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 016 REPLEN SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ............................................ 97,481 97,481 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 018 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .............................................. 188,539 188,539 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 019 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 895,183 895,183 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................. 2,669,454 2,669,454 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4506 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 001 ADVANCED EHF ............................................................................................................... ........................................................... 29,829 29,829 002 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ................................................................................................... .............................................. 35,400 35,400 003 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,121 1,121 004 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ................................................................................... .............................. 27,867 27,867 005 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ....................................................................................... ................................. 61,606 61,606 006 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE ............................................................................................. ..................................... 3,425 3,425 007 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 69,386 74,386 GPS backup technology demonstration ............................................................................................ ...................................... [5,000 ] 008 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................. ................................................ 2,181 2,181 009 INTEG BROADCAST SERV ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 16,445 16,445 010 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................. ............................................... 31,895 31,895 012 MILSATCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 11,265 11,265 013 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ....................................................................................... ............................... 709,981 709,981 014 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ....................................................................................... ............................... 994,555 994,555 015 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) .......................................................................................................... ........................................................... 138,397 138,397 017 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ................................................ 7,705 7,705 018 ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM .............................................................................................. ...................................... 47,609 47,609 019 SPACE FENCE ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 51,361 51,361 020 SPACE MODS ................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 148,065 148,065 021 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ............................................................................................... ......................................... 117,637 117,637 SSPARES 022 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 21,812 21,812 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................................................... 2,527,542 2,532,542 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 001 ROCKETS .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 345,911 345,911 CARTRIDGES 002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 163,840 163,840 BOMBS 003 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 20,876 20,876 004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 259,308 259,308 005 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) .......................................................................................... ................................... 38,111 38,111 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ............................................ 234,198 234,198 007 B61 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 109,292 109,292 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 52,731 52,731 OTHER ITEMS 009 CAD/PAD .................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 51,455 51,455 010 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .......................................................................................... ...................................... 6,038 6,038 011 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 524 524 012 MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 1,270 1,270 013 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 ................................................................................................. ...................................................... 4,604 4,604 FLARES 015 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 125,286 125,286 FUZES 016 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 109,358 109,358 SMALL ARMS 017 SMALL ARMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................. 64,502 59,502 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–5,000 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 1,587,304 1,582,304 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 6,949 3,449 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–3,500 
] CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ................................................ 36,002 18,002 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–18,000 ] 003 CAP VEHICLES ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,022 1,022 004 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............................................. 42,696 21,696 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–21,000 ] SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 005 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............................................. 30,145 30,145 006 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ......................................... 1,230 1,230 007 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................... 43,003 22,003 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–21,000 ] FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 008 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ .................................... 23,328 23,328 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 009 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 11,537 11,537 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 010 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU ......................................................................................... ................................. 37,600 37,600 011 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ................................... 104,923 52,923 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–52,000 ] COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 012 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 114,372 114,372 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 013 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES ................................................................................... ............................. 8,290 8,290 014 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ....................................... 2,099 2,099 015 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......................................... 37,415 37,415 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4507 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....................................... 57,937 14,387 D-RAPCON Cost Growth ........................................................................................................... .............................................. [–43,550 ] 018 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................ ........................................ 3,012 3,012 019 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN ......................................................................................... .................................. 19,989 19,989 020 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ............................................................................................... ....................................... 45,020 45,020 021 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................................. ...................................... 32,836 32,836 022 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX .................................................................................................. ........................................... 12,454 12,454 023 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............................................... 14,263 14,263 025 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) .............................................................................. ....................... 7,769 7,769 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 026 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..................................... 40,450 40,450 027 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................ ...................................... 6,619 6,619 028 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ........................................ 10,192 10,192 029 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... .................................... 159,313 143,413 Underexecution ................................................................................................................. ...................................................... [–15,900 ] 030 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ..................................................................................................... ................................................ 132,675 132,675 031 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ......................................................................................... ................................. 140,875 140,875 032 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ............................................................................................... ........................................... 92,104 92,104 033 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ......................................................................................................... .................................................... 45,152 45,152 034 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 483 483 035 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING & MGT SYS .................................................................................... ............................. 802 802 036 MAINTENANCE REPAIR & OVERHAUL INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ............................. 12,207 12,207 037 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .......................................... 7,644 7,644 038 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ........................................................................................ ...................................... 40,066 40,066 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 041 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED .............................................................................. .......................... 22,357 22,357 042 AFNET ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 102,836 102,836 043 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................ .......................... 3,145 3,145 044 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 13,194 13,194 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 045 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 161,231 161,231 047 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ......................................................... 12,142 12,142 048 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................ 6,505 6,505 049 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............................................ 169,404 169,404 MODIFICATIONS 050 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................ 10,654 10,654 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 051 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ............................... 51,906 51,906 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 052 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .................................. 88,298 80,798 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–7,500 ] BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 053 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .............................................. 17,031 22,031 Civil Engineers Construction, Surveying, and Mapping Equipment ................................................................. ...................... [5,000 ] 054 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................ 82,635 82,635 055 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 9,549 6,549 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–3,000 ] 056 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................ 24,005 17,005 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................... [–7,000 ] SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 058 DARP RC135 ................................................................................................................. ................................................................. 26,262 26,262 
059 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 448,290 400,490 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................................... [–35,000 ] Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–12,800 ] 061 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 913,813 913,813 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 062 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 17,258,069 17,258,069 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................................................ 86,365 86,365 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................... 20,890,164 20,654,914 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 043 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 35,295 35,295 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 042 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................ .......................... 5,403 5,403 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 046 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 497 497 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 007 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ............................................................................................... ......................................... 21,590 21,590 008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... ..................................................... 33,905 33,905 009 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 27,886 27,886 010 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ..................................................................................... .................................. 1,017 1,017 011 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK ......................................................................................... ................................ 150,674 150,674 013 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ........................................................................................... .................................... 94,610 94,610 014 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ............................................................................................... .......................................... 197,246 197,246 015 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ...................................................................................... .................................... 140,338 140,338 016 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 107,182 107,182 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 018 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 5,225 5,225 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 021 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 1,196 1,196 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4508 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 001 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................................................ 2,542 2,542 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 044 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 4,360 4,360 045 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS—CE2T2 ................................................................................................. ............................................. 904 904 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 026 THAAD ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 874,068 874,068 027 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 409,000 409,000 028 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 115,000 115,000 029 AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 593,488 593,488 030 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... ........................................... 115,206 115,206 031 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 13,185 13,185 032 ISRAELI PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 80,000 80,000 033 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) .............................................................................. ......................... 50,000 50,000 034 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ..................................................................................................... ..................................................... 15,000 15,000 035 IRON DOME .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 70,000 70,000 036 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................ .................................... 97,057 97,057 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 003 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................................... ............................................. 10,630 10,630 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 023 VEHICLES ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 207 207 024 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 5,592 5,592 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 020 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ................................................................................. .......................... 1,723 1,723 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 002 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 3,873 3,873 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 019 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................................................... 13,106 13,106 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 046A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 589,691 589,691 AVIATION PROGRAMS 050 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ....................................................................................... .............................. 148,351 148,351 051 UNMANNED ISR ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 57,708 57,708 052 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 18,731 18,731 053 U–28 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 32,301 32,301 054 MH–47 CHINOOK .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 131,033 131,033 055 CV–22 MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ......................................................... 32,529 32,529 056 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......................................... 24,621 24,621 057 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ................................................................................................... ................................................ 226,965 226,965 058 AC/MC–130J ................................................................................................................. .................................................................. 165,813 165,813 059 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 80,274 80,274 SHIPBUILDING 060 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................................................. 136,723 136,723 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 061 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 357,742 357,742 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 062 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 85,699 85,699 063 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ........................ 17,863 17,863 064 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 112,117 112,117 065 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............................................. 7,313 7,313 066 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 14,026 14,026 067 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 88,608 88,608 068 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 438,590 433,390 Link 16 handheld radios for USSOCOM ............................................................................................ ....................................... [12,800 ] SAT Deployable Node ............................................................................................................ ................................................. [–18,000 ] 069 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................ .......................................... 19,408 19,408 
070 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................... .................................. 6,281 6,281 071 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................................................................... ............................. 18,509 18,509 073 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........................................... 367,433 367,433 CBDP 074 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS .................................................................................. .......................... 166,418 153,618 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–12,800 ] 075 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION .......................................................................................... ...................................... 144,519 144,519 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE .......................................................................................................................... 6,786,271 6,768,271 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 001 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ........................................................................................ .................................. 100,025 0 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–100,025 ] TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ...................................................................................................... 100,025 0 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... .......................130,526,043 133,587,892 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4509 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 003 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 60,000 60,000 ROTARY 011 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. .......................................... 21,246 21,246 014 CH–47 HELICOPTER ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 25,000 25,000 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 017 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 11,400 11,400 019 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ........................................................................................................... ....................................................... 32,000 32,000 020 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............................................. 51,000 51,000 032 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 50,868 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–50,868 ] 033 UAS MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 3,402 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–3,402 ] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 036 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 84,387 84,387 037 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .................................................................................... ........................... 24,060 24,060 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................................ 363,363 309,093 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 002 MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 260,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–260,000 ] AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 005 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................................................. 255,040 255,040 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 008 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ...................................... 31,120 17,320 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–13,800 ] 011 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............................................. 624,500 624,500 013 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS .............................................................................. ........................ 171,138 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–171,138 ] 014 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS .............................................................................. ....................... 112,973 112,973 MODIFICATIONS 016 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................ 225,580 145,580 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–80,000 ] 021 MLRS MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 122,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–122,000 ] TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................................... 1,802,351 1,155,413 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 001 BRADLEY PROGRAM ............................................................................................................ ...................................................... 205,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–205,000 ] 002 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ....................................................................................... ................................. 230,359 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–230,359 ] MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 006 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 50,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–50,000 ] 008 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ ................................. 67,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–67,000 ] 009 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................. ............................ 42,354 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–42,354 ] 
014 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 34,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–34,000 ] 015 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............................................. 455,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–455,000 ] WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 018 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ........................................................................................... ........................................... 126 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–126 ] 022 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................ 11,842 11,662 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–180 ] 025 CARBINE .................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,800 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–1,800 ] 027 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ................................................................................... ........................ 3,378 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–3,378 ] MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 032 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 4,920 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–4,920 ] 034 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................... ........................................... 7 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–7 ] SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 039 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ......................................... 1,397 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–1,397 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ....................................................................................................................... 1,107,183 11,662 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 3,392 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–3,392 ] 002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 40 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–40 ] 003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................................................. 17 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–17 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4510 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 189 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–189 ] 005 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,605 1,605 007 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 25,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–25,000 ] MORTAR AMMUNITION 009 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 218 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–218 ] 010 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 484 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–484 ] ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 014 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... ................................... 79,400 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–79,400 ] 015 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......................................... 72,985 21,285 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–51,700 ] 016 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL .............................................................................. ........................ 63,900 15,000 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–48,900 ] ROCKETS 018 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .............................. 22,242 20,000 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–2,242 ] 019 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............................................... 39,974 39,974 OTHER AMMUNITION 021 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........................................ 5 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–5 ] 022 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 8 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–8 ] MISCELLANEOUS 027 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) .......................................................................................... ......................................... 66 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–66 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................. 309,525 97,864 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–8,000 ] 003 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 .......................................................................................... .............................................. 20,770 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–20,770 ] 010 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... ............................... 115,400 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–115,400 ] 012 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................ ......................... 6,682 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–6,682 ] 013 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................... ............................. 50,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–50,000 ] 014 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... .............................................. 186,377 186,000 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–377 ] COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 028 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ..............................................................................
.................. 7,100 7,100 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 037 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................. 1,560 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–1,560 ] 042 TRACTOR RIDE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 13,190 13,190 045 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ..................... 9,549 9,549 047 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....................................... 22,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–22,000 ] COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 050 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ........................................................................................... ........................................ 9,800 9,800 INFORMATION SECURITY 055 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ...................................... 3 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–3 ] COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 059 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................ .......................................... 690 690 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 060 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 8,750 8,750 063 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ............................................................................... ...................... 60,337 51,287 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–9,050 ] ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 068 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 37,806 37,806 070 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................................................... 6,926 6,326 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–600 ] 071 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ...................................................................................... ......................................... 2,011 2,011 075 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) ................................................................................ .............................. 5,370 5,370 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 080 CREW ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 42,651 42,651 081 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. (MIP) ............................................................................... ............................ 20,050 25,450 SOUTHCOM UFR: CENTAM Maritime Sensor ........................................................................................... ............................ [3,600 ] SOUTHCOM UFR: SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ........................................................................................... ............................ [1,800 ] 082 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................... .................... 12,974 12,974 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 085 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 463 377 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–86 ] 086 LONG RANGE ADVANCED SCOUT SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. .................... 2,861 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–2,861 ] 087 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .................................................................................. ........................... 60 60 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4511 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
088 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ......................................... 11 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–11 ] 090 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................ 251,062 250,800 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–262 ] 091 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .............................................................................................. ........................................... 525 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–525 ] 094 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ...................................................................................... ............................... 26,146 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–26,146 ] 096 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ................................................................................................. ................................................. 4,050 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–4,050 ] 097 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........................................ 960 960 098 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........................................... 7,660 7,660 099 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................................................................... .................................................... 165,200 165,200 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..................................... 28,475 28,475 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 27 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–27 ] 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ................................. 20,200 20,200 123 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. .............................................. 39,200 39,200 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,317 2,000 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–317 ] ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. .......................... 16,000 16,000 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ..................................... 1 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–1 ] 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... .................................. 4,850 4,850 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................ 1 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–1 ] COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 270 270 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ........................... 4,300 4,300 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,725 1,725 144 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 55,800 55,800 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 1,035 1,035 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ..................... 1,980 1,980 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 17,527 17,527 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................ 268 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–268 ] CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ............................... 25,700 25,700 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ...................................... 569 569 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................. 9,495 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–9,495 ] OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ................................................. 33 0 
Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................. [–33 ] 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................ 18,000 18,000 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ........................................ 6,000 6,000 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......................................... 2,080 2,080 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .................................. 19,200 19,200 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................. 1,382,047 1,108,922 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER AIRCRAFT 025 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 35,065 35,065 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 032 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,858 4,858 034 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ 5,380 5,380 044 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ............................................... 2,165 2,165 049 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................................................. 9,820 9,820 051 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ............................................................................................. .................................... 3,206 3,206 061 QRC ........................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 2,410 2,410 063 RQ–21 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ................................................................ 17,215 17,215 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................................ 80,119 80,119 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY TACTICAL MISSILES 004 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,183 1,183 005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 381 381 012 HELLFIRE ................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,530 1,530 015 AERIAL TARGETS ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 6,500 6,500 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 035 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,540 1,540 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 038 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 3,000 3,000 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ......................................................................................................................... 14,134 14,134 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4512 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
NAVY AMMUNITION 001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 62,530 62,530 002 JDAM ....................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 93,019 93,019 003 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............................................ 2,163 2,163 004 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ................................................ 5,000 5,000 006 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ......................................................................................... ................................... 5,334 5,334 007 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. .................................... 36,580 36,580 008 JATOS ...................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 747 747 011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. .............................................. 2,538 2,538 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ............................................ 1,807 1,807 015 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......................................... 2,229 2,229 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 019 MORTARS .................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,018 2,018 021 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ................................................................................................... ............................................... 632 632 022 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................ ......................................... 779 779 026 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ................................................................................................... ............................................. 164 164 029 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 31,001 31,001 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ................................................................................................................ 246,541 246,541 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 021 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ............................................ 9,200 9,200 SMALL BOATS 028 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 19,060 19,060 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 043 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................. 56,950 56,950 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 077 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .................................... 3,200 3,200 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 082 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..................................... 2,000 2,000 SONOBUOYS 088 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 21,156 21,156 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..................................... 33,580 33,580 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 170 170 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................... 400 400 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................................................. 770 770 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 7,298 7,298 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ..................................... 500 500 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................ 6,500 6,500 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................... 2,200 2,200 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................... 19,389 19,389 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 133A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 4,800 4,800 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY .............................................................................................................................. 187,173 187,173 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 022 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 5,583 5,583 TACTICAL VEHICLES 037 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................. ....................................... 44,440 44,440 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 045 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 8,000 8,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS .......................................................................................................................... 58,023 58,023 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRLIFT 007 HC–130J .................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 100,000 100,000 OTHER AIRCRAFT 018 MQ–9 .......................................................................................................................
....................................................................... 339,740 147,040 Excess attrition aircraft ...................................................................................................... ................................................... [–192,700 ] 019 RQ–20B PUMA ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 13,500 13,500 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 021 B–1B ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 4,000 4,000 023 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES .................................................................................... .......................... 149,778 149,778 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 024 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 10,350 10,350 OTHER AIRCRAFT 047 U–2 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 7,900 7,900 056 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 36,400 36,400 061 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 13,000 13,000 065 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 40,560 40,560 067 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................... 87,900 87,900 068 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 53,731 53,731 070 MQ–9 UAS PAYLOADS .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 16,000 16,000 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 072 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ .............................................. 91,500 91,500 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 073 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ......................................................................................... ................................. 32,529 32,529 074 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 22,000 22,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4513 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................... 1,018,888 826,188 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 002 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ......................................................................................... ..................................... 61,600 61,600 005 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,600 2,600 006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............................................. 255,000 255,000 007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 140,724 140,724 CLASS IV 013 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 33,602 33,602 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................. 493,526 493,526 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. .............................................................. 29,587 29,587 BOMBS 004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 551,862 551,862 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ............................................ 738,451 738,451 FLARES 015 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 12,116 12,116 FUZES 016 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 81,000 81,000 SMALL ARMS 017 SMALL ARMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................. 8,500 8,500 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 1,421,516 1,421,516 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 9,680 9,680 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ................................................ 9,680 9,680 004 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............................................. 19,680 19,680 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 006 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ......................................... 24,880 24,880 007 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................... 34,680 34,680 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 008 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ .................................... 9,736 9,736 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 009 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .......................................... 24,680 24,680 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 010 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU ......................................................................................... ................................. 9,680 9,680 011 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ................................... 9,680 9,680 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 015 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......................................... 6,156 6,156 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....................................... 56,884 56,884 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 029 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... .................................... 46,236 46,236 037 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .......................................... 2,500 2,500 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 045 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 27,911 27,911 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 051 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ............................... 13,600 13,600 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 053 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .............................................. 28,800 28,800 054 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................ 53,500 53,500 055 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 78,562 78,562 056 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................ 28,055 28,055 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 059 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 2,000 2,000 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 062 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 3,229,364 3,229,364 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................... 3,725,944 3,725,944 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... ..................................................... 3,800 3,800 017 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ........................................................................................ ............................... 12,000 12,000 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 025 COUNTER IED & IMPROVISED THREAT TECHNOLOGIES ............................................................................... ........................ 5,534 5,534 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 046A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 41,559 41,559 AVIATION PROGRAMS 047 MANNED ISR ................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 5,000 5,000 048 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 5,000 5,000 049 MH–60 BLACKHAWK ............................................................................................................ ........................................................ 27,600 27,600 051 UNMANNED ISR ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17,000 17,000 052 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 13,000 13,000 053 U–28 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 51,722 51,722 054 MH–47 CHINOOK .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. 36,500 36,500 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 061 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 100,850 100,850 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4514 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
062 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 16,500 16,500 064 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 7,700 7,700 067 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 59,891 59,891 068 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 21,135 21,135 069 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................ .......................................... 10,000 10,000 071 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................................................................... ............................. 10,805 10,805 073 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........................................... 126,539 126,539 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE .......................................................................................................................... 572,135 572,135 NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT UNDISTRIBUTED 007 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... 150,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [150,000 ] TOTAL NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... 150,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... .......................12,782,468 10,458,253 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH .......................................................................... .................... 11,585 11,585 002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ...................................... 276,912 276,912 003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .................................. 65,283 65,283 004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .......................................................................... ..................... 92,115 92,115 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ...445,895 445,895 APPLIED RESEARCH 005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. .......................................... 28,600 29,600 Conformal batteries and composite armor ........................................................................................ ...................... [1,000 ] 006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY .............................................................................. ........................... 32,366 36,366 Expand Army Research lab Open Campus project ................................................................................... ................ [4,000 ] 007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,674 8,674 008 0602126A TRACTOR JACK ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 400 400 009 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............................................. 64,847 64,847 010 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................... 25,571 25,571 011 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................... 50,183 50,183 012 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ................................. 29,502 29,502 013 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION .................................................................................. ............................. 28,500 28,500 014 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ................... 70,450 70,450 015 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........................................... 75,541 75,541 016 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................ ........ 5,032 5,032 017 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. .............................. 12,394 12,394 018 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. ............................. 40,444 50,444 Accelerate Army railgun development and prototyping ............................................................................ ............. [10,000 ] 019 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................ ............................. 58,283 58,283 020 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... .......................................... 29,582 29,582 021 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............................................ 21,244 21,244 022 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ....................... 24,131 24,131 023 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. ........................... 13,242 13,242 024 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... ............... 55,003 55,003 025 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. ........................... 14,958 14,958 026 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................... 78,159 78,159 027 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ .................... 21,862 21,862 028 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ......................................... 40,566 45,566 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000 ] 029 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................. 90,075 90,075 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................. 919,609 939,609 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 030 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................. 39,338 39,338 031 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .................................. 62,496 62,496 032 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .................................. 124,958 124,958 033 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... ................. 102,686 102,686 034 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. ....... 119,739 119,739 035 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ....................... 13,000 13,000 036 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. .... 8,044 8,044 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 22,631 22,631 038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ..................................................................... ................ 25,682 25,682 040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ ............ 3,762 3,762 
041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 4,896 4,896 042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 6,041 6,041 043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................... 31,491 31,491 044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ ...................... 61,132 71,132 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4515 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Shoot-on-the-Move Technology Development for SHORAD platforms .................................................................. . [10,000 ] 045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 16,845 16,845 046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................................................................. ........ 183,322 188,322 Enhance and accelerate Army artificial intelligence and machine learning ....................................................... ... [5,000 ] 047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. ........ 11,104 11,104 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. .............................. 5,885 5,885 049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. ............................... 61,376 58,876 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [–2,500 ] 050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................................... ........ 9,136 9,136 051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ................... 25,864 25,864 052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .......................................................... . 34,883 39,883 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000 ] 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......................................... 52,387 49,887 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [–2,500 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................... 1,026,698 1,041,698 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ........................................................................... ..................... 10,777 10,777 056 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ....................................................................... .................... 42,802 43,802 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... .............. [1,000 ] 057 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV .............................................................................. ...................... 45,254 45,254 058 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ................................................................. ........... 22,700 22,700 059 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ................................................................................ ........................... 41,974 55,974 Army UFR: test and evaluation of the M999 155mm Anti-Personnel Improved Conventional Munition ................. [14,000 ] 060 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV .............................................................................. ..................... 119,395 119,395 061 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. .............................. 8,746 8,746 062 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ................................................................... ........... 35,667 35,667 063 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ................... 7,350 7,350 064 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL .......................................................................... ................ 14,749 14,749 065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................... 3,687 3,687 066 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV .................................................................................................. ................................................ 10,793 10,793 067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV .......................................................................... ..................... 14,248 14,248 068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ...................................... 34,284 34,284 069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ..................... 18,044 28,044 Advanced materials research for personal protective equipment (PPE) ............................................................ ..... [10,000 ] 070 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................... 95,660 95,660 071 0604020A CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAM (CFT) ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING ............................................... 38,00 0 68,000 Iron Dome short range air defense experimentation .............................................................................. ................. [30,000 ] 072 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... ........................................ 9,765 9,765 073 0604113A FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) .................................................................. ............ 12,393 12,393 074 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ..................................................................... ................... 120,374 120,374 075 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. ............................. 95,347 95,347 076 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ....................................................................... ................ 95,085 118,085 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... .............. [23,000 ] 077 0604118A TRACTOR BEAM ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 52,894 52,894 079 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ........................................................... ... 77,939 77,939 080 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ................................................. . 51,030 51,030 
081 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT .................................................................... ............. 65,817 65,817 082 1206120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) .................................................................. .................. 146,300 146,300 083 1206308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... ................................ 38,319 38,319 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................ 1,329,393 1,407,393 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 084 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. ................................................. 32,293 32,293 085 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................. 78,699 78,699 088 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 17,050 17,050 089 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... ...................................... 83,155 83,155 090 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ........................................ 3,704 3,704 091 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... ............................................................ 10,623 10,623 092 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................... 11,950 11,950 093 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............................................... 12,347 12,347 095 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES ................................................................................... ................................ 8,212 8,212 096 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ....................................................................... ............... 393,613 393,613 097 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... ................................... 139,614 139,614 098 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ........................................................................... ........................ 4,507 4,507 099 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................... ........................... 49,436 49,436 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ..... 95,172 95,172 101 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............... 22,628 22,628 102 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ....................... 13,297 13,297 103 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................................ .............. 9,145 9,145 104 0604768A BRILLIANT ANTI-ARMOR SUBMUNITION (BAT) ............................................................................ ........................... 9,894 9,894 105 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........................................................................ ...................... 21,964 21,964 106 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................................... .................. 49,288 49,288 107 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... ................................ 183,100 183,100 108 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .......................................................................... ..................... 79,706 75,906 Late MSV-L contract award and concurrency ...................................................................................... .................. [–3,800 ] 109 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .................................................................. ......... 15,970 15,970 110 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................ 44,54 2 44,542 111 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .................................................................................. ........................... 50,817 50,817 112 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ............................................................... .... 178,693 178,693 113 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................. 39,338 39,338 114 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................................... .............. 37,851 37,851 115 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 45,473 45,473 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4516 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
116 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... ............................. 10,395 10,395 117 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD .................................................................... ............ 69,204 55,804 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................... [–13,400 ] 118 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ........................................ 1,781 1,781 119 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ........................ 113,758 113,758 120 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................................. ............ 166,603 166,603 121 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) .............................................................................. .......................... 118,239 118,239 122 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) .................................... 3,211 3,2 11 123 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. ............................. 15,889 15,889 124 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ...................................... 41,972 41,972 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 41,166 41,166 126 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) ................................. 5,175 5,175 127 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... .................................... 4,496 4,496 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... .................... 51,178 51,178 129 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ...................................................................... ................ 11,311 11,311 131 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE ............................... 17,154 17,15 4 132 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ............................. 36,626 36,626 133 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ......................................................................... ...................... 3,829 3,829 134 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ........................................ 41,928 41,928 135 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) ....................................................................... .................. 28,276 28,276 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ........................... 21,965 21,965 137 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 ................................................................. .................. 157,710 157,710 138 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS ................................................................................................... .................................................. 86,167 86,167 139 0605054A EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ................................ 42,866 68,266 Army UFR: program increase ..................................................................................................... ............................ [25,400 ] 140 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ ............................ 15,984 15,984 141 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ................................. 11,773 11,773 142 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ................................................................... ................ 277,607 277,607 143 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................... ........................... 12,340 12,340 144 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH ............ 2,686 2,686 145 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................. ............................ 2,706 2,706 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 4,521 4,521 150 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................. 8,922 8,922 151 1205117A TRACTOR BEARS ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 23,170 23,170 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................................................... 3,192,689 3,200,889 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 152 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................ 12,835 12,835 153 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .................................. 12,135 12,135 154 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................... 82,996 82,996 155 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............................................. 19,821 19,821 156 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ........................................... 246,574 246,574 157 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................ 30,430 30,430 159 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ................................. 305,759 305,759 160 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................................................................... ........... 62,379 62,379 161 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. ................................ 40,496 40,496 162 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............................................ 3,941 3,941 163 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ .................... 9,767 9,767 164 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ...................................... 21,226 21,226 165 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .................................... 13,026 13,026 166 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... ................................. 52,718 52,718 167 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ........................................ 57,049 57,049 168 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ...................................................................
............... 2,801 2,801 169 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ .......................................... 60,942 60,942 170 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ................................. 29,050 29,050 171 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................................... ......... 42,332 42,332 172 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..................................................................... ........... 3,216 3,216 173 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA ......................................................................... ................. 54,145 54,145 174 0606001A MILITARY GROUND-BASED CREW TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ....................... 4,896 4,896 175 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ................................................................. .............. 63,011 63,011 176 0606003A COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ .................. 2,636 2,636 177 0606942A ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 88,300 88,300 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ......................................................................................................... 1,322,481 1,322,481 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 181 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................. .......................... 8,886 8,886 182 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 4,067 4,067 183 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................... 4,254 4,254 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ..... 16,022 16,022 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 4,577 4,577 186 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. .................................. 186,475 186,475 187 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ ........................ 31,049 31,049 188 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. ................... 35,240 35,240 189 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................... ........................ 157,822 157,822 190 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ ..................... 4,189 4,189 191 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... .............................. 192,637 192,637 194 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 60,8 60 60,860 195 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ....................................................................... ............... 52,019 52,019 196 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. .............................................. 2,400 2,400 197 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... .................................. 65,369 90,369 Increase PATRIOT improvement efforts ........................................................................................... ...................... [25,000 ] 198 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ............................................................................. ........................ 1 1 199 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ....................................................... . 30,954 30,954 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4517 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
200 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................................... ........................ 411,927 411,927 202 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................ .................. 40,676 40,676 203 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................... ...... 17,706 17,706 204 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ........... 146 146 205 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 6,316 6,316 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ............ 1,643 3,643 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... .............. [2,000 ] 207 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ ................ 4,947 4,947 208 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 34,050 34,050 210 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................. 1,464 1,464 211 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ......................................................... 24 9 249 212 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ................................................................... ................. 79,283 79,283 213 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ...................................................................... ................. 154,102 154,102 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ............................. 12,280 12,280 217 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ........................ 68,533 68,533 218 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ................................. 68,619 68,619 220 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................................................... ................. 2,034 2,034 223 0305172A COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ................................ 1,500 1,500 224 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................... 450 450 225 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................. 6,000 6,000 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... .............................. 12,416 26,416 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... .............. [14,000 ] 227 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 38,667 38,667 229 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 6,180 6,180 230 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 12,863 12,863 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ................................ 4,310 4,310 233 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ....................................................................... .................... 53,958 53,958 234 1203142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. ............................. 12,119 12,119 235 1208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .................................... 7,400 7,400 235A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 5,955 5,955 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ 1,922,614 1,963,614 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................................................... 10,159,379 10,321,579 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .................................. 119,433 129,433 Defense University Research Instrumentation Program ............................................................................ ............ [10,000 ] 002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH .......................................................................... .................... 19,237 19,237 003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ...................................... 458,708 458,708 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ...597,378 607,378 APPLIED RESEARCH 004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. ............................. 14,643 14,643 005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. ............................. 124,049 124,049 006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ........................ 59,607 59,607 007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................... 36,348 41,348 Enhance and accelerate Navy artificial intelligence research ................................................................... ............. [5,000 ] 008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................................... .................... 56,197 56,197 009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... ................... 83,800 83,800 010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... ............ 42,998 42,998 
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... .................... 6,349 6,349 012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. .......................... 58,049 78,049 Academic partnerships for undersea unmanned warfare research and energy technology ..................................... [20,000 ] 013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................................ .................... 147,771 147,771 014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................... ............ 37,545 61,045 Program increase-one sensor plus integration ................................................................................... ..................... [23,500 ] 015 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ ............ 159,697 169,697 Accelerate Navy railgun development and prototyping ............................................................................ .............. [10,000 ] 016 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES ........................................................... ... 64,418 64,418 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................. 891,471 949,971 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 019 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ........................ 2,423 2,423 021 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................................................................... .............. 150,245 150,245 022 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... .......... 13,313 13,313 023 0603671N NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) ........................................................................ ................ 131,502 131,502 024 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 23 2,996 232,996 025 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ......................... 58,657 58,657 030 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 161,859 18 1,859 Accelerate Navy railgun development and prototyping ............................................................................ .............. [20,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................... 750,995 770,995 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 031 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... .................................. 29,747 29,747 032 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ ............................................ 7,050 7,050 033 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................................................ 793 793 034 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... ...................................... 7,058 12,058 Prototyping fiber deployment sonobuoy systems .................................................................................. ................. [5,000 ] 035 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. .............................. 3,540 3,540 036 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ........................ 59,741 59,741 037 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES .................................................................... .......... 62,727 62,727 038 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... ................................... 8,570 18,570 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4518 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [10,000 ] 039 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .................................. 5,440 5,440 040 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 162,222 162,222 041 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 11,745 11,745 042 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ................................................................................................... .................................................. 114,265 114,265 043 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. ............................................ 740 740 044 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 1,122 1,122 045 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. .................... 109,086 89,086 Excessive cost growth .......................................................................................................... ................................... [–7,000 ] Prior year inefficiencies impact ............................................................................................... ............................... [–13,000 ] 046 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ................................................................................ .......................... 9,374 9,374 047 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... .................................... 89,419 89,419 048 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ..................................................................... .................... 13,348 13,348 049 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................... .............................. 256,137 256,137 050 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ................................................................................ ......................... 22,109 22,109 051 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 29,744 29,744 052 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ......................................... 27,997 27,997 053 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... ..................................... 16,351 16,351 054 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. ................................................ 514,846 526,846 Advanced Submarines Control and Precision Propulsion Module Integration ....................................................... [ 12,000 ] 055 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... .............................................. 103,633 103,633 056 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ....................................................................................... ................................... 7,931 7,931 057 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................ 134,772 134,772 058 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......................................... 9,307 9,307 060 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................... .................. 1,828 1,828 061 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ................ 43,148 43,148 062 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... .................. 5,915 5,915 063 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... ...................................... 19,811 24,811 High-Pressure Waterjet Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology development .................................................... [5 ,000 ] 064 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ........................................... 25,656 25,656 065 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ .......................................... 5,301 5,301 066 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 267,985 267,985 067 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................ ....................................... 4,059 4,059 068 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 377,878 377,878 069 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... ..................................................... 381,770 381,770 070 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 60,535 60,535 073 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................... 9,652 9,652 074 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........................................ 15,529 15,529 075 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. ............................... 27,581 32,581 Joint service adoption of non-lethal weapon technologies ....................................................................... ............... [5,000 ] 076 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL .............................................................. ....... 101,566 101,566 077 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ....................................................................... ................. 223,344 171,344 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [–52,000 ] 078 0604014N F/A –18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) .......................................................................... ............................. 108,700 108,700 079 0604027N DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE ............................................................................................ ........................................... 26,691 26,691 080 0604028N SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ....................................................................... .............. 16,717 16,717 081 0604029N UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES ....................................................................... ............... 30,187 30,187 
082 0604030N RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERIMENTATION AND DEMONSTRATION. ............................................................. ...... 48,796 48,796 083 0604031N LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES .................................................................................. ............................ 92,613 71,413 Excessive Snakehead LDUUV growth ............................................................................................... ...................... [–21,200 ] 084 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ......................................................... ........ 58,121 73,121 EMALS software support activity ................................................................................................ ........................... [15,000 ] 086 0604126N LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM ............................................................................................. ........................................... 17,622 17,622 087 0604127N SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ...................................................................................... ................................ 18,154 18,154 088 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ....................................................... 47,278 47,278 090 0604289M NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................... ........................................ 11,081 11,081 092 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE ............................................................................. ........................ 7,107 7,107 093 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ ................................................................ 5,549 5,549 094 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ..................................................................................... ............................... 87,669 87,669 095 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ...................................................................... .............. 132,818 132,818 096 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ..................................... 7,230 7,23 0 097 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. ....... 143,062 143,062 099 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ....................................................................................... ................................ 8,889 8,889 100 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ................ 25,291 10,341 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ................................... [–14,950 ] 101 0304240N ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ................ 9,300 9,300 102 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ................................................................................ ........................ 466 466 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................ 4,293,713 4,237,563 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 103 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ........................................ 12,798 13,798 TH–57 follow-on training system development .................................................................................... .................... [1,000 ] 104 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ........................................ 32,128 32,128 105 0604214M AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ .......................................... 46,363 46,363 107 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ........................................ 3,771 3,771 108 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............... 16,611 16,611 109 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ................................. 17,368 17,368 110 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ....................................... 2,134 2,134 111 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........................................ 9,729 9,729 112 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....................................... 57,688 57,688 113 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. .............................................. 223,565 215,565 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–10,000 ] Program increase--IFF range improvement ........................................................................................ .................... [2,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4519 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
114 0604245M H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 58,097 58,097 116 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ......................................... 42,485 42,485 117 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ................................................................ 143,079 143,079 118 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................. 20,980 20,980 119 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ................................................................ 147,419 147,419 120 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................. 89,824 121,424 Navy UFR: EA–18G offensive airborne electronic attack special mission pods ..................................................... .. [31,600 ] 121 0604273M EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ................................... 245,064 245,064 123 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... .................................... 459,529 459,529 124 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ...................................................................... ................... 3,272 3,272 125 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ......................................................................... ....................... 115,253 115,253 126 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ....................................................................... ............... 397,403 377,403 ACB 20 unexecutable growth ..................................................................................................... .............................. [–20,000 ] 127 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ................................. 939 939 128 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........................................ 104,448 104,448 129 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... ................................ 165,881 180,881 XFU electronics unit integration ............................................................................................... ............................. [15,000 ] 130 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 10,831 10,831 131 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ................................................ 33,42 9 26,529 Excess overhead ................................................................................................................ ....................................... [–6,900 ] 132 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ................................. 35,635 35,635 133 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ................................ 126,932 126,932 134 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 62,448 62,448 135 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ...................................... 9,710 9,710 136 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .............................................................................. ......................... 19,303 19,303 137 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ....................................................................... .................... 27,059 27,059 138 0604530N ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ..................................................................................... .................................. 184,106 184,106 139 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... .................................................... 148,233 126,833 Excess cost growth ............................................................................................................. ..................................... [–21,400 ] 140 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................. ........................... 60,824 60,824 141 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... ................................. 60,062 60,062 142 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. ............................. 4,642 4,642 144 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................... 25,756 25,756 145 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... ............................. 95,147 95,147 146 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ................ 7,107 7,107 147 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................................................................ ............ 6,539 6,539 148 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ................................. 441 441 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. .............................. 180,391 180,391 150 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. .............................. 178,538 178,538 151 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... ........................... 120,507 120,507 152 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ........................................ 29,715 29,715 153 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ........................................... 8,095 8,095 154 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............................................. 121,026 121,026 155 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .................................... 66,566 66,566 156 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .................................... 65,494 65,494 159 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ........................ 14,005 14,005 160 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ........................ 268,567 268,567 161 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................... 5,618 5,618 
162 0605212M CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 326,945 326,945 164 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. .................................................. 32,714 32,714 165 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... .................................................. 51,486 51,486 166 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ...................................... 1,444 1,444 167 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,298 1,298 168 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ................................................................................... ................................. 718,942 602,042 Insufficient Air Vehicle budget justification .................................................................................. ........................ [–116,900 ] 169 0605450M JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ................................. 6,759 11,759 JAGM-F for USN and USMC ........................................................................................................ ........................... [5,000 ] 171 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ............................................................................. ........................... 37,296 37,296 172 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ........................................................................ ........................ 160,389 160,389 173 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ........................................ 98,223 98, 223 174 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................................. 2,260 2,260  175 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 161,264 161,264 180 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ................................... 44,098 44,098 182 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ................... 6,808 6,808 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................................................... 6,042,480 5,921,880 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 183 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................ 94,576 94,576 184 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .................................. 10,981 10,981 185 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................... 77,014 83,014 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [6,000 ] 186 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................................ ............. 48 48 187 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. ............................ 3,942 3,942 188 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ...................................... 48,797 48,797 189 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ......................................... 5,000 5,000 191 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ................................. 1,029 1,029 192 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ..................................................................... .............. 87,565 87,565 193 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .................................... 4,231 4,231 194 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... ................... 1,072 1,072 195 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... ................................. 97,471 97,471 196 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .................................... 373,834 373,834 197 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ........................................................................ ................... 21,554 21,554 198 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ................................................................... .............. 16,227 16,227 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4520 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
200 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................. ............................ 24,303 24,303 201 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........................................... 43,262 43,262 202 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... .............................. 41,918 41,918 203 0606942M ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 7,000 7,000 204 0606942N ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 48,800 48,800 205 0305327N INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................................................... 1,682 1,682 206 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) ....................................................... 1, 579 1,579 208 1206867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ........................................................................... ..................... 8,684 8,684 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ...................................................................................................................... 1,020,569 1,026,569 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 210 0604227N HARPOON MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................. ........................................... 5,426 5,426 211 0604840M F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 259,122 259,122 212 0604840N F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 252,360 252,360 213 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) ........................................................................... ....................... 130,515 119,315 Excess cost growth ............................................................................................................. ..................................... [–11,200 ] 214 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................. ........................ 3,127 3,127 215 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ....................... 157,679 166,679 Project 2228, technical applications, systems engineering modeling and simulation capability and tool develop-ment. [9,000 ] 216 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................. 43,198 39,198 Excess program growth .......................................................................................................... ................................. [–4,000 ] 217 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ .................... 11,311 11,311 218 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ................................. 39,313 39,313 219 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. .................................................... 193,086 200,586 Engine noise reduction engineering ............................................................................................. ........................... [2,500 ] JAGM-F for USN and USMC ........................................................................................................ ........................... [5,000 ] 220 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................... ............................ 25,014 25,014 221 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................................................. 11,661 11,661 222 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .............................................................. ..... 282,395 282,395 223 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... ............................... 36,959 36,959 224 0204313N SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................. ....................... 15,454 15,454 225 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ............................................................ ....... 6,073 6,073 226 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........................................................................... .......................... 45,029 45,029 227 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... .................. 104,903 104,903 228 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ...................................... 4,544 4,544 229 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ......................................................................... .................... 66,889 66,889 230 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. .............................................. 120,762 120,762 231 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............................................... 104,696 104,696 232 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ....................... 28,421 28,421 233 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ........................................................ 94,155 68,555 Excessive TI–1 cost growth ..................................................................................................... ................................. [–25,600 ] 234 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. .......................................... 121,805 136,805 Navy UFR: F/A–18E/F Super Hornet engine enhancements ........................................................................... .......... [15,000 ] 235 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ........................... 117,028 117,028 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ......................... 174,779 174,779 237 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ................................................................ .......... 4,826 4,826 238 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ................................................................ ....... 97,152 97,152 239 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ..............................................................................
.......................... 30,156 30,156 240 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ................................................................ ........... 39,976 39,976 241 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ...................................... 22,637 22,637 242 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .............................................. 40,121 40,121 243 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. ............. 32,473 32,473 249 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ........................................................... .... 23,697 23,697 250 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ........................ 44,228 44,228 252 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES .................................................................... ................... 6,081 6,081 253 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................. 8,529 8,529 254 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................. ........................... 41,212 41,212 255 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 7,687 7,687 256 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 42,846 42,846 257 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 14,395 14,395 258 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 9,843 9,843 259 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 524 524 260 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ .............................. 5,360 5,360 261 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................................................... 10,914 10,914 262 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. ....................... 81,231 81,231 263 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ...................................................................... ................... 5,956 5,956 264 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ................................................ 219,894 216,894 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [–3,000 ] 265 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... ............................... 7,097 7,097 266 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........................................ 36,560 36,560 267 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... ................................. 7,284 7,284 268 1203109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. ................................ 39,174 39,174 268A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 1,549,503 1,549,503 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ 4,885,060 4,872,760 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................................................... 18,481,666 18,387,116 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ...................................... 348,322 348,322 002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .................................. 154,991 154,991 003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ............................................................................ .......................... 14,506 14,506 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4521 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ...517,819 517,819 APPLIED RESEARCH 004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 125,373 144,373 Additional facility engineering research and development ....................................................................... .............. [3,000 ] Structural Biology Techniques .................................................................................................. ............................. [3,000 ] Sub-atomic particle research ................................................................................................... ............................... [3,000 ] Thermal protecting systems for hypersonics ..................................................................................... ..................... [10,000 ] 005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................... ................................ 130,547 140,547 Hypersonic vehicle structures .................................................................................................. ............................... [10,000 ] 006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................. ........................ 112,518 112,518 007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. ........................................... 190,919 195,919 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000 ] 008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 166,534 166,534 009 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES ....................................... 8,288 8,288  011 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......................................... 112,841 112,841 012 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .................................... 141,898 141,898 013 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ......................................................................... ................... 162,420 172,420 Enhance and accelerate Air Force artificial intelligence research .............................................................. ........... [10,000 ] 014 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ ..................................... 43,359 43,359 015 1206601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ................................................ 117,645 117,645 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................. 1,312,342 1,356,342 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 016 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ............................................................................. ...................... 34,426 44,426 Metals Affordability Initiative ................................................................................................ ............................... [10,000 ] 017 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) .......................................................................... ....................... 15,150 20,150 Air Force artificial intelligence research and non-operational support activities .............................................. ... [5,000 ] 018 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................ ................................... 39,968 39,968 019 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... ................................ 121,002 121,002 020 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... ................. 115,462 125,462 Laser power system enhancement ................................................................................................. .......................... [10,000 ] 021 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ................................. 55,319 55,319 022 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................. 54,895 54,895 023 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ............................................................................. .......................... 10,674 10,674 024 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... ... 36,463 46,463 Autonomous life support system development ..................................................................................... ................... [10,000 ] 025 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................ 194,981 194,981 026 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ................................. 43,368 43,368 027 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ......................... 42,025 47,025 Academic and industrial partnerships for aerospace materials ................................................................... ........... [5,000 ] 028 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................................................... .. 51,064 64,364 Additional facility engineering research and development ....................................................................... .............. [8,300 ] Enhance and accelerate Air Force artificial intelligence research .............................................................. ........... [5,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................
814,797 868,097 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 030 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. .......................... 5,568 5,568 032 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. .............................. 18,194 18,194 033 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................... 2,305 2,305 035 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ........................................................................ ................... 41,856 41,856 037 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER .......................................................................................... ..................................... 2,314,196 2,314,196 038 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............... 14,894 14,894 039 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS ................................................................................... ............................. 34,585 34,585 040 0604288F NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP ......................................................................... ....................... 9,740 9,740 041 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ........................................... 12,960 12,960 042 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ................................................... 71, 501 71,501 043 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ............................................................................ ........................ 62,618 62,618 046 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D .......................................................................... ..................... 28,350 28,350 048 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ........................................ 1,186,075 1,201,075 Competitively Awarded Transition Programs ...................................................................................... ................... [5,000 ] Non-engine development technology .............................................................................................. ......................... [10,000 ] 049 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT .................................................................................. ............................. 345,041 414,441 Accelerated execution of program ............................................................................................... ............................ [69,400 ] 050 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... .................................. 503,997 413,997 Ahead of need .................................................................................................................. ........................................ [–90,000 ] 051 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ....................................................................... ................... 40,326 40,326 052 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) ............................................................................................. .............................................. 29,800 29,800 054 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ......................................................................... ...................... 41,880 41,880 055 0305601F MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS ...................................................................................... .................................. 10,074 10,074 056 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ................... 253,825 253,825 057 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ......................................... 16,325 16,325 059 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM ......................................................................... .................. 17,577 17,577 060 1203164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ........................................................ .... 286,629 286,629 061 1203710F EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ............................................ 7,940 7,940 062 1206422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... ..................................... 138,052 148,052 Commercial weather data pilot .................................................................................................. ............................. [10,000 ] 063 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................. 39,338 39,338 064 1206434F MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM .................................................................................... .............................. 383,113 383,113 065 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ...................................... 91,018 106,018 NTS–3 Payload .................................................................................................................. ...................................... [15,000 ] 066 1206730F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................................ ........................... 45,542 49,542 Allied launch services ......................................................................................................... .................................... [4,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4522 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
067 1206760F PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ...................................................................... .................... 51,419 51,419 068 1206761F PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) .................................................................................. .................................. 29,776 29,776 069 1206855F PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS)—AGGREGATED ....................................................................... ................ 29,379 29,379 070 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... ................................ 366,050 247,050 Space RCO Advanced Solar Power—early to need ................................................................................... ................ [–119,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................ 6,529,943 6,434,343 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 071 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS ........................................................................ ................ 39,602 39,602 072 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............... 58,531 58,531 073 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ........................................................................................... ....................................... 4,468 4,468 074 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................. 1,909 1,909 075 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ................................................................................. ............................ 207,746 207,746 076 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... .................................... 14,421 14,421 077 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... ................................. 73,158 93,158 SDB II cost reduction initiatives .............................................................................................. .............................. [20,000 ] 081 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ..................................... 7,153 7,153 083 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................ 58,590 58,590 084 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,990 2,990 085 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............................................ 20,028 20,028 086 0604618F JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ...................................................................................... ..................................... 15,787 15,787 087 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................. 8,919 8,919 088 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ .......................................... 35,895 62,895 Advanced threat radar system ................................................................................................... ............................. [27,000 ] 089 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ........................................................... 69,001 69,001 091 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ ................................... 614,920 699,920 Accelerated execution of program ............................................................................................... ............................ [85,000 ] 092 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ......................................... 172,902 172,902 097 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. ................................................................ 88,170 88,170 098 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... .......................................... 265,465 265,465 099 0605229F COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER .......................................................................................... ....................................... 457,652 457,652 105 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................ 3,617 3,617 106 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... .............................. 261,758 261,758 107 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................... 91,907 91,907 108 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 137,095 137,095 109 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON ............................................................................................ .......................................... 43,175 43,175 110 0207423F ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................. 14,888 14,888 111 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ..................................... 1,015 1,015 115 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 623,000 JSTARS recap EMD execution ..................................................................................................... ........................... [623,000 ] 116 0401310F C–32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ......................................................................... ....................... 7,943 7,943 117 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION (PAR) ...................................................................... .................... 673,032 673,032 118 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........................................ 13,653 13,653 119 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... ............................... 939 939 120 1203269F GPS IIIC .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 451,889 451,889 121 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. .......................... 46,668 46,668 122 1206421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. .......................................... 20,676 20,676 123 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................ 134,463 134,463 124 1206426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 20,215 20,215 
125 1206431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ................................. 151,506 151,506 126 1206432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... .......................................... 27,337 27,337 127 1206433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ................................. 3,970 3,970 128 1206441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ...................................................................... .................... 60,565 60,565 129 1206442F EVOLVED SBIRS ..................................................................................................... ..................................................... 643,126 643,126 130 1206853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ............................................................. ... 245,447 245,447 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................................................... 5,272,191 6,027,191 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 131 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................ 34,256 34,256 132 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................... 91,844 91,844 133 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ........................................... 34,614 34,614 135 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................. ........................... 18,043 18,043 136 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .................................... 692,784 724,684 Test range modernization ....................................................................................................... ................................ [31,900 ] 137 0605826F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL POWER ....................................................................................... ................................... 233,924 233,924 138 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ............................................................................ ......................... 263,488 263,488 139 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH ....................................................................................... .................................... 153,591 153,591 140 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .......................................................................... ........................ 232,315 232,315 141 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................ 169,868 169,868 142 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION ............................................................................. .......................... 226,219 226,219 143 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ................... 38,400 38,400 144 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS .................................................................................... ............................... 125,761 125,761 147 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........................................... 10,642 10,642 148 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .................................. 162,216 162, 216 149 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ................................................................ ......... 28,888 28,888 150 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .............................................................................. ........................ 35,285 35,285 153 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. .............................. 20,545 20,545 154 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................................................................................ ........................... 12,367 12,367 155 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ........................................... 1,448 1,448 157 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... .......................................... 3,998 3,998 158 1206116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ................... 23,254 23,254 159 1206392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................................. ............... 169,912 169,912 160 1206398F SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ................................................................................ ........................... 10,508 10,508 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4523 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
161 1206860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ............................................................................. ........................ 19,721 29,721 Rocket systems launch program .................................................................................................. ........................... [10,000 ] 162 1206864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... .......................................... 25,620 75,620 Blackjack project .............................................................................................................. ...................................... [50,000 ] SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ...................................................................................................................... 2,839,511 2,931,411 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 165 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ......................................................................... .................... 11,344 11,344 167 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................................................................. ............... 47,287 47,287 168 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ........................................................................... ..................... 32,770 32,770 169 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ..................................................................... .................. 68,368 68,368 170 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............................................... 32,574 32,574 171 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION ................................................................................................... .................................................... 26,112 26,112 172 0606942F ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 99,100 99,100 173 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 280,414 295,114 Technical adjustment ........................................................................................................... ................................... [14,700 ] 174 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ................................ 5,955 5,955 175 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................................................... 76,030 76,030 176 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ..................................................... 105,561 105,561 177 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ........................................... 156,047 156,047 179 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................... .................... 10,442 10,442 180 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK .................................................................. ........... 22,833 22,833 181 0101328F ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ............................................ 18,412 18,412 183 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... .................................... 288,022 288,022 184 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................................................. 9,25 2 9,252 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 115,345 115,345 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 26,738 26,738 189 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 191,564 191,564 190 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................................................... 192,883 242,883 ALQ–128 EW suite for ANG units ................................................................................................. ............................ [50,000 ] 191 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... ............................... 15,238 15,238 192 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................................................... 603,553 583,853 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................... [–19,700 ] 193 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 549,501 549,501 194 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .............................................. 37,230 37,230 195 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. ............. 61,393 61,393 196 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... .................................... 647 647 198 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .............................................................................. ........................ 14,891 14,891 199 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,901 13,901 200 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ........... 121,203 121,203 202 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ..................................................................... ..................... 60,062 60,062 203 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... ................................ 106,102 79,602 Unjustified request ............................................................................................................ ...................................... [–26,500 ] 204 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................ .............................. 6,413 6,413 205 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....................................................................... .................. 120,664 78,864 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................... [–5,800 ] Radar controller program delay ................................................................................................. ............................. [–36,000 ] 206 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS .................................................................................
............................. 2,659 2,659 208 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ......................................................................... ....................... 10,316 10,316 209 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... ................................. 6,149 6,149 210 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ........................................... 1,738 1,738 211 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 13,297 13,297 212 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS .............................................................................. .......................... 1,788 1,788 213 0207581F JOINT SURVEILLANCE/TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS) ............................................................ ...... 14,888 14,888 214 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 24,699 24,699 215 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ................................... 17,078 17,078 216 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. ............................. 6,141 6,141 218 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ .............................. 4,225 4,225 219 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ........................................ 63,653 63,653 220 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION ................................................................................................ ............................................... 6,949 6,949 221 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................ 40,526 40,526 222 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................ 24,166 24,166 223 0208097F JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) ............................................................................ ........................... 13,000 13,000 224 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) ............................................................................................. .............................................. 28,759 28,759 229 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................................ .................... 3,579 3,579 230 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ...................................................................... .................. 29,620 29,620 237 0301401F AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS .............................. 6,633 6,633 238 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ................................................................... ................. 57,758 57,758 240 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ..................................................... 99, 088 99,088 241 0303133F HIGH FREQUENCY RADIO SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ................................... 51,612 51,612 242 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ........................ 34,612 34,612 244 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ........................................................................... .................... 2,170 2,170 246 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ....................................... 106,873 109,873 SIGINT single-pod development .................................................................................................. ............................ [3,000 ] 247 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ...................................................................................... .................................. 3,472 3,472 250 0305015F C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE—C2 INFO SERVICES .......................................................................... ........................... 8,608 8,608 251 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... .................... 1,586 1,586 252 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) .............................................................................. .......................... 4,492 4,492 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................................................. 26,942 26,942 255 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................................................ ..... 6,271 8,771 Augmentation of air surveillance and early warning radar systems ............................................................... ....... [2,500 ] 256 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ................................................... 8,383 8,383 259 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................ 418 418 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4524 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
261 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ................... 3,845 3,845 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ......................................................... 48,518 65,518 EO/IR sensor upgrades .......................................................................................................... ................................... [17,000 ] 270 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... .............................. 175,334 175,334 Gorgon Stare ................................................................................................................... ........................................ [10,800 ] Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................... [–10,800 ] 271 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................... 14,223 14,223 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 24,554 24,554 273 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 221,690 211,890 RQ–4 infrastructure unjustified request ........................................................................................ .......................... [–9,800 ] 274 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ........................................................................... .................... 14,288 14,288 275 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ........................................................... 51,527 51,527 276 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ...................................... 26,579 26,579 278 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ........................................................... .. 8,464 8,464 280 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ........................................... 4,303 4,303 284 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) .......................................................................... ...................... 2,466 2,466 285 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................... .................................... 4,117 4,117 287 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ .............................................. 105,988 105,988 288 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................ 25,071 25,071 289 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 48,299 48,299 290 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 15,409 15,409 291 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ........................................................................ .................... 4,334 4,334 292 0401218F KC–135S ........................................................................................................... ............................................................... 3,493 3,493 293 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................................................... 6,569 6,569 294 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ..................................... 3,172 3,172 295 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ................................................................ 18,502 18,502 296 0401840F AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................... .............................. 1,688 1,688 297 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. .................................. 2,541 2,541 298 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........................................ 1,897 1,897 299 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ............................................................................. ........................ 50,933 50,933 300 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .......................................................................... ........................ 13,787 13,787 301 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ................................. 4,497 4,497 302 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............................................ 2,022 2,022 303 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ...................................... 108 108 304 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... ............................... 2,023 2,023 305 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... .................................. 3,772 3,772 306 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ....................................... 6,358 6,358 307 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................. ........................... 1,418 1,418 308 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. .. 99,734 99,734 309 1201921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ................. 14,161 14,161 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ......................................................... 26,986 26,986 311 1203001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ......................................................................... ....................... 80,168 80,168 312 1203110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. .............................. 17,808 17,808 314 1203165F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) ................................................. 8,9 37 8,937 315 1203173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ...................................................................... .................. 59,935 59,935 316 1203174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 21,01 9 21,019 317 1203179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................... 8,568 8,568 318 1203182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ................................... 10,641 10,641 319 1203265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT .............................................................................................
.............................................. 144,543 144,543 320 1203400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... .................................. 16,278 16,278 321 1203614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............................................. 72,256 72,256 322 1203620F NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER ..................................................................................... .................................. 42,209 42,209 325 1203913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .................................. 19,778 19,778 326 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. .......................... 19,572 19,572 327 1206423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................................................... .. 513,235 513,235 327A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 16,534,124 16,390,224 Classifed adjustment ........................................................................................................... .................................... [–40,000 ] Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–89,900 ] PDSA staff reduction ........................................................................................................... ................................... [–14,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ 22,891,740 22,737,240 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .................................................................................... 40,178,343 40,872,443 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH .............................................................................................. ............................................... 37,023 37,023 002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ...................................... 422,130 416,130 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [–6,000 ] 003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... ........................................... 42,702 42,702 004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ........................................................................ .................... 47,825 47,825 005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................ 85,919 85,919 006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ........................................... 30, 412 40,412 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................... [10,000 ] 007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ....................... 42,103 42,103 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ...708,114 712,114 APPLIED RESEARCH 008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ........................................ 19,170 19,170 009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......................................... 101,300 101,300 011 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ............................................................................. .......................... 51,596 51,596 012 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES .......................................................... ......... 60,688 60,688 013 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... .................... 395,317 395,317 014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ .................................... 38,640 38,640 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4525 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ....................... 192,674 192,674 016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ........................................... 14,969 14,969 017 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............................................. 335,466 335,466 018 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... .......................... 226,898 226,898 019 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......................................... 333,847 333,847 020 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................. ....... 161,151 161,151 021 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................... ............ 9,300 9,300 022 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .................................... 35,921 35,921 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................. 1,976,937 1,976,937 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 023 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................ 25,598 25,598 024 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .......................................................................... ....................... 125,271 125,271 025 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ..................................................................................... ...................................... 24,532 24,532 027 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................... 299,858 299,858  028 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ...................................................................... ............ 13,017 13,017 029 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................ 10,000 Accelerate hypersonic defense capability ....................................................................................... ........................ [10,000 ] 031 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. .............................................. 20,365 40,365 Accelerate hypersonic defense capability ....................................................................................... ........................ [20,000 ] 032 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. ............... 18,644 18,644 034 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ................................... 277,603 277,603 035 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................... 254,671 254,671 036 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ ............................................. 19,472 19,472 037 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ....................................................................... ...................... 37,263 37,263 038 0603291D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS—MHA ................................................................... ............... 13,621 13,621 039 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ................................ 189,753 100,753 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ......................................... [–89,000 ] 040 0603342D8W DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) ..................................................................... ...................... 29,364 29,364 041 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ........................................................................................... ............................................ 83,143 83,143 042 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................. 142,826  142,826 043 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 161,128 161,128 044 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ ........................... 12,918 12,918 045 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ...................................................................... .................... 106,049 106,049 046 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ........................................................................... ......................... 12,696 12,696 047 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ....................................................... 114,637 114,637 048 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ......................... 49,667 49,667 049 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... ................ 48,338 48,338 050 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................................... ............ 11,778 11,778 052 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ........................................................................ ................... 76,514 76,514 053 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ............................................................... .... 168,931 168,931 054 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ........................................ 5,992 5,992 055 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................. ............................ 111,099 111,099 056 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................................... ............... 185,984 185,984 057 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ......................... 438,569 438,569 058 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............................................. 190,128 190,128 059 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ ..... 13,564 13,564 060 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. ................................... 15,050 15,050 061 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. .................................... 69,626 69,626 062 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ................................. 19,415 19,415 
063 0603924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................... .............. 69,533 69,533 064 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ........................... 96,389 96,389 065 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................... .................... 40,582 40,582 066 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ...................................................... 26,644 26,644 067 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ........................ 79,380 79,380 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................... 3,699,612 3,640,612 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 068 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P .......................................... 28,140  28,140 069 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 92,222 92,222 070 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES .............................................................. ............... 2,506 2,506 071 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM .......................................................... ...... 40,016 40,016 072 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................ .......... 214,173 359,173 Accelerate USFK JEON delivery .................................................................................................. ........................... [100,000 ] Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [45,000 ] 073 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................................... ......... 926,359 726,359 Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [8,000 ] Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–208,000 ] 074 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL .................................................................. ........... 129,886 129,886 075 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. ................................ 220,876 245,876 Accelerate USFK JEON delivery .................................................................................................. ........................... [20,000 ] Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [5,000 ] 076 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ......................................... 540,926 540,926 077 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. ......................................... 422,348 422,348 078 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 767,539 767,539 081 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI ....... 475,168 483,168 Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [8,000 ] 082 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................................ ............ 48,767 48,767 083 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ........................................................... ........ 54,925 54,925 084 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. ................................................ 16,916 16,916 085 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... ...................................... 149,715 116,715 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–33,000 ] 086 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ................................... 300,000 300,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4526 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
087 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... .................................... 365,681 430,681 Accelerate USFK JEON delivery .................................................................................................. ........................... [50,000 ] Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [15,000 ] 088 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ................................................................................. ............................... 517,852 491,352 Accelerate USFK JEON delivery .................................................................................................. ........................... [4,500 ] Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [5,000 ] Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–36,000 ] 089 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... ............................................ 11,347 11,347 090 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... ................................................. 8,528 8,528 091 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ......................................................................... ..................... 3,477 3,477 092 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. ............................. 148,822 203,822 Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [5,000 ] Continue directed energy and boost phase intercept efforts ..................................................................... .............. [50,000 ] 093 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT .......................................................................................... ............................................. 58,607 58,607 094 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ................. 12,993 12,993 095 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE ................................................................................................ .............................................. 120,444 130,444 Accelerate hypersonic defense capability ....................................................................................... ........................ [10,000 ] 096 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ ............................... 1,431,702 1,381,702 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................... [–50,000 ] 097 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS .............................................................................. ............................. 233,142 233,142 098 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ....................................... 99,333 99,333 098A 0604342D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY OFFSET ...................................................................................... ........................................ 100,000 Directed energy ................................................................................................................ ....................................... [100,000 ] 099 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT .......................................... 3,781 3, 781 100 0604673C PACIFIC DISCRIMINATING RADAR ...................................................................................... ..................................... 95,765 95,765 101 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .............................................................. ............. 3,768 3,768 103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS .................. 22,435 22,435 104 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ............................................................................ .......................... 164,562 164,562 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................................ ..................... 561,220 421,820 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–139,400 ] 106 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ........................................................... ..... 61,017 61,017 107 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... .................................................... 95,756 95,756 108 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. ............................ 81,001 81,001 109 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............................................ 27,692 27,842 Retain Poland CHUs ............................................................................................................. ................................... [150 ] 111 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................................. .............. 81,934 72,634 Forward financed in the FY18 Omnibus ........................................................................................... ....................... [–9,300 ] 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ......................................... 8,256 8,256 113 0300206R ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 2,600 2,600 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM .................................................................. ................ 3,104 3,104 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .......................................... 985 985 116 1206893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. .......................... 36,955 36,955 117 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ................................................................... .............. 16,484 74,484 Address cyber threats .......................................................................................................... .................................... [8,000 ] Develop space sensor architecture .............................................................................................. ............................ [50,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ........................................................... 8,709,725 8,717,675 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 118 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ............................................... 8,3 33 8,333 119 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... .................. 263,414 413,414 Accelerate program ............................................................................................................. .................................... [150,000 ] 120 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................................................................... ................ 388,701 388,701 121 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................................... ............. 19,503 19,503 122 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... . 6,163 6,163 123 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ......................... 11,988 11,988 124 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ......................... 296 296 125 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... .................................. 1,489 1,489 126 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ................................... 9,590 9,590 127 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. ... 3,173 3,173 128 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ....................................... 2,105 2,105 129 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ................................................................. .............. 21,156 21,156 130 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................................... .............. 10,731 10,731 132 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................................ .............. 6,374 6,374 133 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS .............................................................................. ............................. 56,178 56,178 134 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ................................. 2,512 2,512 135 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ............................................................. ......... 2,435 2,435 136 0305310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. ....... 17,048 17,048 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................................................ 831,189 981,189 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 137 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ....................................................................... ....................... 6,661 6,661 138 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ....................... 4,088 4,088 139 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ...................................................... .. 258,796 258,796 140 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... .................................... 31,356 31,356 141 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................................................... 65,646 65,646 142 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................................... ................. 84,184 84,184 143 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ......................................................................... ........................... 22,576 22,576 144 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................................................... . 52,565 42,565 Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ............................... [–10,000 ] 146 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............................................... 38,872 38,872 147 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ ................................ 3,534 3,534 148 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... .............................. 5,050 5,050 149 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................................. .............. 11,450 11,450 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4527 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
150 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... ............................. 1,693 1,693 151 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ....................... 102,883 102,883 159 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER .................. 2,545 2,545 160 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ..................................... 24,487 24,487 161 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ...................................................................... ..................... 56,853 56,853 162 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ......................................................... ....... 24,914 24,914 163 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ............................... 20,179 20,179 164 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........................................... 13,643 13,643 165 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ........................................................ . 4,124 4,124 166 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. ................................ 5,768 5,768 167 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ........................................................................... ......................... 1,030 1,030 168 0606589D8W DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ............................................................... .............. 1,000 1,000 169 0606942C ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 3,400 3,400 170 0606942S ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......... 4,000 4,000 171 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ................................................................... ....................... 3,008 3,008 172 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ................................. 6,658 6,658 175 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................................... .............. 652 652 176 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................................... .............. 1,005 1,005 177 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ................................ 21,363 21,363 180 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS ............................................................ ........... 109,529 109,529 181 0306310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... ..................... 1,244 1,244 184 0804768J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON-MHA ............................... 42,940 42,940 185 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ........................................... 28,626 28,626 187 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ...................................................................................... ........................................ 5,104 5,104 188A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 45,604 45,604 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ...................................................................................................................... 1,117,030 1,107,030 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 189 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ................................. 9,750 9,750 190 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA .......... 1,855 1,855 191 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ..................................... 304 304 192 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ................................................................ .............. 10,376 10,376 193 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... .............. 5,915 5,915 194 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS) .............. 5,869 5,869 195 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ......................................... 48,741 48,741 196 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................... ........................... 3,037 3,037 197 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............................................... 62,814 62,814 203 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ........................................................... .... 16,561 16,561 204 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... ................................ 14,769 14,769 205 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ..................................................... 17, 579 17,579 207 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................... .......................... 31,737 31,737 208 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ............................................................................ .......................... 7,940 17,940 Expand cyber scholarship program ............................................................................................... .......................... [10,000 ] 209 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ........................ 229,252 229,252 210 0303140K INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ........................ 19,611 19,611 211 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................. .......................... 46,900 46,900 212 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................ 7,570 7,570 213 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ............................................................................... .............................. 7,947 7,947 215 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. ...... 39,400 39,400 224 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............................................... 6,262 6,262 225 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 16,780 16,780 227 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ................... 6,286 6,286 230 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... .................. 2,970 2,970 233 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................................................... 5,954 5,954 234 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................................... ............. 2,198 2,198 240 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. ...................................... 6,889 6,889 
242 0708012K LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ....................................... 1,317 1,317 243 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... .......................................... 1,770 1,770 244 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ............................................................................ ...................... 1,805 1,805 246 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 18,403 18,403 248 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................................................. 184,993 179,993 Realignment of funds ........................................................................................................... ................................... [–5,000 ] 249 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. ............................. 10,625 10,625 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ...................................... 102,307 102,307 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................................................. 46,942 46,942 252 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ................................................. 2,479 2,479 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 27,270 27,270 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ .............................................. 1,121 1,121 255 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................................................. 42,471 42,471 256 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................. 4,780 4,780 257 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............................................................................ ....................... 12,176 12,176 258 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................... 2,323 2,323 258A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 3,877,898 3,877,898 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. 4,973,946 4,978,946 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ................................................................................... 22,016,553 22,114,503 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ................................. 85,685 85,685 002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ...................................... 64,332 64,332 003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ........................................................................ ......................... 70,992 70,992 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ...................................................................................................................... 221,009 221,009 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4528 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ............................................................................................... 221,009 221,009 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ......................91,056,950 91,916,650 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 056 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ....................................................................... ....................... 1,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ................. [–1,000 ] 058 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ................................................................. .............. 1,500 1,500 061 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. ................................. 3,000 3,000 076 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ....................................................................... ................... 23,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ................. [–23,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................... 28,500 4,500 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 088 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 12,000 12,000 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ........ 119,300 119,300 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 66,760 66,760 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... ....................... 2,670 2,670 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ .............................. 34,933 34,933 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ........................................................................................ 236,863 236,863 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ........ 2,548 2,548 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 7,780 7,780 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ............... 2,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ................. [–2,000 ] 209 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................................................................... .............. 8,000 8,000 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ................................ 23,199 23,199 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ................................. 14,000 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ................. [–14,000 ] 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ................................... 2,214 2,214 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 59,741 43,741 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY .................................................................................. 325,104 285,104 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 041 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 18,000 18,000 061 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ................... 13,900 13,900 074 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........................................... 1,400 1,400 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................... 33,300 33,300 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ................................. 1,100 1,100 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ........................................................................................ 1,100 1,100 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................ 16,130 16,130 268A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................... 117,282 117,282 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 133,412 133,412 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .................................................................................. 167,812 167,812 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 065 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ......................................... 1,100 1,100 070 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... ................................... 12,395 12,395 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................................................... 13,495 13,495 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 4,500 4,500 187 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................ ........................... 4,000 4,000 
188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,000 1,000 217 0207610F BATTLEFIELD ABN COMM NODE (BACN) .................................................................................. ................................... 42,349 42,349 228 0208288F INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................. 1,200 1,200 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,000 3,000 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ............................................................ 22,100 22,100 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ..................... 29,500 29,500 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 5,000 5,000 327A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................... 188,127 188,127 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 300,776 300,776 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ....................................................................................... 314,271 314,271 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4529 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 024 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .......................................................................... .......................... 25,000 25,000 026 0603134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION ............................................................................. ............................. 13,648 13,648 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ 38,648 38,648 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 094 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING .................... 242,668 242,668 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .............................................................. 242,668 242,668 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ......................................... 3,632 3,632 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 11,040 11,040 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 11,700 11,700 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ................................................. 725 725 258A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................................................... 192,131 192,131 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. 219,228 219,228 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ...................................................................................... 500,544 500,544 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .........................1,307,731 1,267,731 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 2,076,360 1,631,060 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [9,400 ] Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–454,700 ] 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 107,946 109,746 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [1,800 ] 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 732,485 588,515 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [7,600 ] Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–151,570 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,169,508 945,308 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [18,300 ] Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–242,500 ] 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................... 1,180,460 1,197,960 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [17,500 ] 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 1,467,500 1,485,300 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [17,800 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................... 4,285,211 3,680,951 Female personal protective equipment ........................................................................................... ........................................ [2,000 ] Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–606,260 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................ 482,201 482,201 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........................................ 1,536,851 1,375,231 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [111,200 ] Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–272,820 ] 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 8,274,299 7,668,039 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–606,260 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 3,516,859 2,497,978 85% Sustainment ................................................................................................................ ..................................................... [175,469 ] Capability Output Level 3 Funding .............................................................................................. ........................................... [25,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–1,219,350 ] 111 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 1,054,140 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [1,054,140 ] 112 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 215,210 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [50,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [165,210 ] 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................ 438,733 438,733 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 231,518 231,518 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 150,268 150,268 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 195,964 195,964 210 US FORCES KOREA ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 59,625 59,625 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........
25,905,788 24,007,747 MOBILIZATION 220 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 370,941 370,941 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............................................. 573,560 732,313 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4530 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... .............................. [158,753 ] 240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ............................................... 7,678 7,678 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................... .....................952,179 1,110,932 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ....................................................... 135,832 135,832 260 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 54,819 54,819 270 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ................................................ 69,599 69,599 280 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ................................. 518,998 518,998 290 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................ 1,020,073 1,020,073 300 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 1,082,190 1,082,190 310 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................. 220,399 220,399 320 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 611,482 611,482 330 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 698,962 698,962 340 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 162,049 162,049 350 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .................................... 215,622 215,622 360 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................... 176,914 176,914 370 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... .................................. 174,430 174,430 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................. 5,141,369 5,141,369 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................... 588,047 436,447 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... ................................... [–151,600 ] 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ............................................... 931,462 931,462 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ............................................... 696,114 696,114 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .............................................. 461,637 461,637 430 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 447,564 447,564 440 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ........................................... 2,069,127 2,069,127 450 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................... 261,021 261,021 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................. 379,541 379,541 470 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,699,767 1,699,767 480 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 192,686 192,686 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................. 240,917 240,917 500 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... ........................... 291,569 291,569 510 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ ................................ 442,656 442,656 520 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ........................................... 48,251 58,251 NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence ............................................................................ .............................. [5,000 ] NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence ............................................................................. ............................ [5,000 ] 565 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 1,259,622 1,259,622 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ......................................................................................................................... 10,009,981 9,868,381 UNDISTRIBUTED 570 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... –894,500 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ............................................. [–210,300 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .............................................. [–694,200 ] Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................................. .......... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... .................. –894,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ................................................................................................................... 42,009,317 39,233,929 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 13,867 13,867 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 536,438 536,438 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 113,225 113,225 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................... 551,141 551,141 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 89,073 89,073 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................... 409,531 409,531 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................ 101,411 101,411 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........................................ 60,114 60,114 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 595,728 595,728 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 304,658 263,065 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–71,593 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [30,000 ] 101 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 49,176 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [49,176 ] 102 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 22,417 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [22,417 ] 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................ 22,175 22,175 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........2,797,361 2,827,361 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................... 11,832 11,832 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 18,218 18,218 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4531 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ........................................... 25,069 25,069 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................... 6,248 6,248 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 58,181 58,181 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 119,548 119,548 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ........................................................................................................... 2,916,909 2,946,909 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 810,269 810,269 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............................................. 193,402 193,402 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 753,815 753,815 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 84,124 84,124 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................... 31,881 31,881 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 973,874 973,874 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................... 784,086 784,086 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................ 51,353 51,353 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........................................ 221,633 221,633 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 1,129,942 1,129,942 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 919,947 888,760 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–101,187 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [70,000 ] 111 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 85,859 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [85,859 ] 112 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 15,328 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [15,328 ] 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................ 1,010,524 1,010,524 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........6,964,850 7,034,850 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................... 10,017 10,017 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 72,746 72,746 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ........................................... 83,105 83,105 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................... 10,678 10,678 170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................. 254,753 254,753 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,146 3,146 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 434,445 434,445 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................................................................................... 7,399,295 7,469,295 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................... 5,372,399 5,372,399 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 2,023,351 2,014,593 Advanced skills management ..................................................................................................... ............................................. [–8,758 ] 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. ........................ 56,225 56,225 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................... 156,081 156,081 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 682,379 682,379 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................... 1,253,756 1,291,156 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [37,400 ] 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .................................... 66,649 66,649 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 939,368 945,768 
Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [6,400 ] 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ....................................... 4,439,566 4,439,566 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ...................................... 997,663 997,663 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 8,751,526 8,900,126 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [116,600 ] Western Pacific Dry Dock capability ............................................................................................ .......................................... [32,000 ] 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .......................................... 2,168,876 2,168,876 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ..................... 1,349,593 1,349,593 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ....................................... 215,255 215,255 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................... 632,446 632,446 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... ....................... 373,046 373,046 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,452,075 1,452,075 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... .............. 153,719 153,719 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ............................. 63,039 63,039 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ ...................... 89,339 89,339 230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS .................................................................................... ............................. 8,475 8,475 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 424,088 424,088 260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,361,947 1,361,947 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................................................. 823,952 819,452 Insufficient budget justification for submarine acoustic systems ............................................................... ........................... [–4,500 ] 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........................................ 494,101 494,101 300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 921,936 921,936 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4532 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
310 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,040,389 1,712,222 85% Sustainment ................................................................................................................ ..................................................... [101,000 ] Capability Output Level 3 Funding .............................................................................................. ........................................... [20,000 ] Project oversight (Unjustified Growth) ......................................................................................... .......................................... [–85,420 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–363,747 ] 311 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 243,745 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [243,745 ] 312 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 160,002 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [40,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [120,002 ] 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 4,414,753 4,414,753 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........41,725,992 41,980,714 MOBILIZATION 330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. ........................................... 549,142 400,545 Realign DoD Mobilization Alternation to NDSF ................................................................................... ................................. [–20,858 ] Realign LG Med Spd RO/RO Maintenance to NDSF ................................................................................... ............................. [–127,739 ] 340 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 310,805 0 Realign Ready Reserve Forces to NDSF ........................................................................................... ...................................... [–310,805 ] 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ........................................... 161,150 161,150 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ............................... 120,338 47,988 Realign T-AH Maintenance to NDSF ............................................................................................... ....................................... [–72,350 ] 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 24,097 24,097 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................... .....................1,165,532 633,780 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 400 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ....................................................... 145,481 145,481 410 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9,637 9,637 420 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ........................................ 149,687 149,687 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................ 879,557 879,557 450 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................. 184,436 186,136 Naval Sea Cadets ............................................................................................................... ...................................................... [1,700 ] 460 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 223,159 223,159 470 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 181,086 181,086 480 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .................................... 96,006 96,006 490 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................... 72,083 72,083 500 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 54,156 54,156 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................. 1,995,288 1,996,988 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 1,089,964 1,089,964 530 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ...................... 164,074 164,074 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. .................... 418,350 418,350 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................... 167,106 167,106 600 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT ................................................................................. .......................... 333,556 333,556 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ...................................... 663,690 663,690 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................
.................................... 705,087 705,087 765 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 574,994 574,994 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 4,116,821 4,116,821 UNDISTRIBUTED 770 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... –398,100 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ............................................. [–55,100 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .............................................. [–343,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... .................. –398,100 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY .................................................................................................................... 49,003,633 48,330,203 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 873,320 885,720 Additional parts & spares to support intermediate & organizational maintenance ................................................. ............... [8,200 ] Additional training requirements ............................................................................................... ............................................ [4,200 ] 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 1,094,187 1,094,187 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 314,182 341,082 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [26,900 ] 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................................................. 98,136 98,136 050 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 183,546 183,546 060 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 832,636 746,354 85% Sustainment ................................................................................................................ ..................................................... [42,400 ] Capability Output Level 3 Funding .............................................................................................. ........................................... [10,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–138,682 ] 061 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 61,469 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [61,469 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4533 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
062 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 107,213 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [30,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [77,213 ] 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 2,151,390 2,151,390 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........5,547,397 5,669,097 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 080 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 16,453 16,453 090 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ....................................................... 1,144 1,144 100 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................ 106,360 106,360 110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................. 46,096 46,096 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 389,751 389,751 130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 201,662 201,662 140 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .................................... 32,461 32,461 150 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 24,217 24,217 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................. 818,144 818,144 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................... 29,735 29,735 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 386,375 386,375 225 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 50,859 50,859 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 466,969 466,969 UNDISTRIBUTED 230 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... –43,600 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ............................................. [–13,600 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .............................................. [–30,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... .................. –43,600 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ................................................................................................... 6,832,510 6,910,610 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................... 569,584 569,584 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............................................. 6,902 6,902 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................... 109,776 109,776 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .................................... 538 538 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 18,888 18,888 060 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ...................................... 574 574 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 17,561 17,561 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 121,070 121,070 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 337 337 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 23,964 23,964 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 36,356 41,151 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–5,205 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [10,000 ] 111 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 3,205 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [3,205 ] 112 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,000 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [2,000 ] 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .....................................................................................................
................................................. 103,562 103,562 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........1,009,112 1,019,112 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 1,868 1,868 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. .................... 12,849 12,849 160 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ................................. 3,177 3,177 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 17,894 17,894 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................ 1,027,006 1,037,006 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 99,173 107,873 Additional training requirements ............................................................................................... ............................................ [8,700 ] 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................................................... 19,430 19,430 030 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 39,962 25,666 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–22,296 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [8,000 ] 031 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 22,296 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [22,296 ] 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................. 101,829 101,829 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........260,394 277,094 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4534 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 11,176 11,176 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 11,176 11,176 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ....................................................................................................... 271,570 288,270 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 758,178 758,178 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ........................................... 1,509,027 1,509,027 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ............................. 1,323,330 1,323,330 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... .............................. 3,511,830 3,596,330 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [46,500 ] Restoration of U–2 Tail #80–1099 ............................................................................................... ............................................... [38,000 ] 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,892,705 2,621,824 85% Sustainment ................................................................................................................ ..................................................... [152,000 ] Capability Output Level 3 Funding .............................................................................................. ........................................... [23,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–445,881 ] 051 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 420,861 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [420,861 ] 052 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 67,020 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [42,000 ] Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [25,020 ] 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ .................... 7,613,084 7,687,884 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [74,800 ] 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ................................................... 4,345,208 4,345,208 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 5,989,215 5,989,215 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ........................................... 928,023 928,023 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ........................................ 1,080,956 1,080,956 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 879,032 879,032 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ......................................................... 183,777 183,777 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 404,072 404,072 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ...................................................... 187,375 187,375 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 529,902 529,902 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 329,474 329,474 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ............................................................... 166,024 166,024 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 723 723 220 US TRANSCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................................................. 535 535 225 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 1,164,810 1,164,810 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........33,797,280 34,173,580 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,307,695 1,307,695 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............................................. 144,417 144,417 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................... .....................1,452,112 1,452,112 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ....................................................... 133,187 133,187 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 25,041 25,041 300 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) .....................................................................................
.................................. 117,338 117,338 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................ 401,996 401,996 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................... 477,064 477,064 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................. 276,423 276,423 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................................................ 95,948 95,948 380 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 154,530 154,530 390 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 4,132 4,132 400 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .................................... 223,150 223,150 410 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................... 209,497 209,497 420 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 59,908 59,908 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................. 2,178,214 2,178,214 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 681,788 681,788 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................ 117,812 117,812 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 953,102 953,102 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ........................................... 358,389 358,389 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................ 1,194,862 1,194,862 510 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ........................................................... 29,594 29,594 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 74,959 74,959 545 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 1,222,456 1,222,456 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................ 4,632,962 4,632,962 UNDISTRIBUTED 550 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... –455,200 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4535 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ............................................. [–104,500 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .............................................. [–350,700 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... .................. –455,200 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .......................................................................................................... 42,060,568 41,981,668 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,853,437 1,853,437 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 205,369 205,369 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... .............................. 345,576 347,476 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [1,900 ] 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 120,736 123,103 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–27,633 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [30,000 ] 041 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 27,633 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [27,633 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ .................... 241,239 259,939 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [18,700 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 385,922 385,922 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........3,152,279 3,202,879 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 71,188 71,188 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 19,429 19,429 090 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... .............................. 9,386 9,386 100 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... .................................... 7,512 7,512 110 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 440 440 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ......................................................................................... 107,955 107,955 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ........................................................................................................ 3,260,234 3,310,834 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 2,619,940 2,619,940 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 623,265 623,265 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... .............................. 748,287 748,287 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 303,792 289,700 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [–34,092 ] Sustainment recovery ........................................................................................................... .................................................. [20,000 ] 041 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................. 31,696 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [31,696 ] 042 FACILITIES DEMOLITION ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,396 Realignment of FSRM funds to new RM and Demo lines ............................................................................. ........................... [2,396 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ .................... 1,061,759 1,064,759 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [3,000 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................................................ 988,333 989,233 Readiness restoration .......................................................................................................... .................................................... [900 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........6,345,376 6,369,276 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 45,711 45,711 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................. 36,535 36,535 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ 82,246 82,246 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ...................................................................................................................... 6,427,622 6,451,522 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 430,215 430,215 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 ................................................................................................ ............................................... 602,186 602,186 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ ........................ 5,389,250 5,215,250 Civilian pay ahead of need ..................................................................................................... .................................................. [–10,700 ] Communications ................................................................................................................. ..................................................... [–20,000 ] DCGS-SOF ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................ [–10,000 ] MC–12 ahead of need ............................................................................................................ .................................................... [–33,300 ] Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ..................................................... [–100,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ...........6,421,651 6,247,651 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 050 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. .......................................... 181,601 172,501 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–9,100 ] 060 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 96,565 96,565 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ......................................................................... ................. 370,583 370,583 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4536 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................. 648,749 639,649 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 080 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................................................. 166,131 186,131 STARBASE ....................................................................................................................... ....................................................... [20,000 ] 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........................................ 625,633 594,333 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–31,300 ] 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ............................... 1,465,354 1,392,054 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–73,300 ] 120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ..................................... 859,923 816,923 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–43,000 ] 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................. 2,106,930 2,001,630 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–105,300 ] 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ......................................... 27,403 26,003 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–1,400 ] 160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ................................................ 379,275 385,750 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–19,000 ] Program increase for the Procurement Technical Assistance Program (PTAP) ....................................................... ............. [25,475 ] 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 207,537 197,137 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–10,400 ] 180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ................................ 130,696 130,696 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ................................. 754,711 754,711 200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................................................ 789,175 789,175 220 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................. ......................... 34,951 33,251 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–1,700 ] 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ..................................... 553,329 553,329 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ............................ 2,892,284 2,942,284 Impact Aid ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................... [40,000 ] Impact Aid for Children with Severe Disabilities ............................................................................... .................................... [10,000 ] 260 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 499,817 499,817 280 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ......................................... 70,035 166,535 Defense Community Infrastructure Program ....................................................................................... ................................... [100,000 ] Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–3,500 ] 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..................................... 1,519,655 1,530,655 CDC PFOS/PFOA Health Study Increment ........................................................................................... .................................. [7,000 ] Contract support for ACCM oversight as directed by Sec. 1062 of FY17 NDAA ...................................................... ................. [5,000 ] Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–76,000 ] Establish Artificial Intelligence commission ................................................................................... ....................................... [10,000 ] Funds to support the Global Engagement Center .................................................................................. ................................. [60,000 ] Initial capital for Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund ...................................................... ............... [2,000 ] Training of qualified personnel to join the staff of the Boards of Corrections for Military and Naval Records .................. ... [3,000 ] 
300 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ..................................................................... ............... 97,787 97,787 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ................................... 456,407 387,907 Efficiencies within the 4th estate ............................................................................................. ............................................... [–68,500 ] 315 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 15,645,192 15,645,192 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ......................................................................................................................... 29,282,225 29,131,300 UNDISTRIBUTED 320 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................... –411,800 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ............................................. [–26,400 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .............................................. [–385,400 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... .................. –411,800 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE .............................................................................................. 36,352,625 35,606,800 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ADMINISTRATION AND ASSOCIATED ACTIVITIES 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE .......................................................................... .................... 14,662 14,662 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND ASSOCIATED ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... 14,662 14,662 TOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ............................................................................................ 14,662 14,662 DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ................................................... 400,000 400,000 SUBTOTAL ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................... 400,000 400,000 TOTAL DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ..................................................................................... 400,000 400,000 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE 010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID .............................................................................. .......................... 107,663 107,663 SUBTOTAL HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE ............................................................................................................................ 107,663 107,663 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4537 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ..................................................................................... 107,663 107,663 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT FSU THREAT REDUCTION 010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................. ............................. 335,240 335,240 SUBTOTAL FSU THREAT REDUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ...335,240 335,240 TOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT .................................................................................................. 335,240 335,240 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ..................................... 203,449 213,449 PFOS/PFOA remediation increase ................................................................................................. ......................................... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY ............................................................................................................................. 203,449 213,449 TOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY .............................................................................................................. 203,449 213,449 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ..................................... 329,253 339,253 PFOS/PFOA remediation increase ................................................................................................. ......................................... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY ............................................................................................................................. 329,253 339,253 TOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY .............................................................................................................. 329,253 339,253 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 100 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ................................. 296,808 346,808 PFOS/PFOA remediation increase ................................................................................................. ......................................... [50,000 ] SUBTOTAL DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................... 296,808 346,808 TOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................................... 296,808 346,808 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE DEFENSE-WIDE 120 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ................................. 8,926 8,926 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ....................8,926 8,926 TOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ....................................................................................................... 8,926 8,926 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES DEFENSE-WIDE 140 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES .............................................................................. .................... 212,346 212,346 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ....................212,346 212,346 TOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ................................................................................ 212,346 212,346 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... 199,469,636 195,545,393 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................... 1,179,339 1,634,039 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [454,700 ] 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 25,983 177,553 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [151,570 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 2,189,916 2,432,416 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [242,500 ] 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ......................................... 188,609 188,609 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 120,787 120,787 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .................................... 3,867,286 4,473,546 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [606,260 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .......................................... 550,068 550,068 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......................................... 195,873 468,693 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [272,820 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4538 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................. 109,560 715,820 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [606,260 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 60,807 60,807 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 5,992,222 5,992,222 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ........................... 10,000 10,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 1,036,454 1,036,454 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 248,796 263,796 Contract personnel recovery/casualty evacuation in AFRICOM ..................................................................... ......................... [15,000 ] 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 98,127 98,127 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 2,550 2,550 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............15,876,377 18,225,487 MOBILIZATION 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............................................... 158,753 0 Realignment of EDI APS Unit Set from OCO to Base ............................................................................... ............................... [–158,753 ] SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................... ......................158,753 0 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................. 712,230 863,830 Realign OCO requirements from Base to OCO ...................................................................................... .................................... [151,600 ] 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ................................................. 44,168 44,168 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................................................ 5,300 5,300 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 38,597 38,597 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................ 109,019 109,019 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................................................ 191,786 191,786 565 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 1,074,270 1,074,270 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................................... 2,175,370 2,326,970 UNDISTRIBUTED 570 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ............................................................. –27,900 Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ................................................ [–27,900 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................................... ................... –27,900 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ..................................................................................................................... 18,210,500 20,524,557 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 20,700 20,700 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .................................... 700 700 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................. 20,487 20,487 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............41,887 41,887 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............................................................................................................. 41,887 41,887 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................... 42,519 42,519 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... .............................................. 778 778 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 12,093 12,093 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................... 708 708 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 28,135 28,135 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .................................... 5,908 5,908 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................................................. 18,877 18,877 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ......................... 956 956 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............109,974 109,974 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 755 755 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................................................. 755 755 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ..................................................................................................................... 110,729 110,729 AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY 090 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 1,522,777 1,522,777 100 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 137,732 137,732 110 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................... 71,922 71,922 120 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................. 175,846 175,846 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ....1,908,277 1,908,277 AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE 130 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 527,554 527,554 140 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 42,984 42,984 150 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................... 14,554 14,554 160 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................. 181,922 181,922 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4539 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE ............................................................................................................................... .767,014 767,014 AFGHAN AIR FORCE 170 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 942,279 942,279 180 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 30,350 30,350 190 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................... 572,310 572,310 200 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................. 277,191 277,191 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ..............1,822,130 1,822,130 AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES 210 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................................................. 353,734 353,734 220 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................................................... 43,132 43,132 230 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................... 151,790 151,790 240 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................................................. 153,373 153,373 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES ................................................................................................................ 702,029 702,029 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND .............................................................................................................. 5,199,450 5,199,450 COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 IRAQ ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 850,000 850,000 020 SYRIA ...................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 300,000 300,000 030 OTHER ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 250,000 250,000 SUBTOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ............................................................................................... 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................................ 1,400,000 1,400,000 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ..................................... 435,507 435,507 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. .......................... 800 800 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...................................... 9,394 9,394 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 193,384 193,384 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................. 173,053 173,053 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................... 3,524 3,524 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 60,219 60,219 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ........................................ 942,960 942,960 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ....................................... 20,236 20,236 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,022,647 1,022,647 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ...................... 59,553 59,553 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................... 16,651 16,651 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... ......................... 31,118 31,118 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 635,560 635,560 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ................ 4,334 4,334 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ ........................ 24,800 24,800 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 355 355 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................................................... 493,033 493,033 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ......................................... 12,780 12,780 310 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 67,321 67,321 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 211,394 211,394 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............4,418,623 4,418,623 MOBILIZATION 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ................................. 12,902 12,902 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 165,000 165,000 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ...............................................................................................................................
......................177,902 177,902 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................. 51,138 51,138 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... 51,138 51,138 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 4,145 4,145 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ...................... 7,503 7,503 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................. 69,297 69,297 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ....................................... 10,912 10,912 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ...................................... 1,559 1,559 765 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 16,076 16,076 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................................................. 109,492 109,492 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ..................................................................................................................... 4,757,155 4,757,155 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4540 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 734,505 734,505 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................. 212,691 212,691 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 53,040 53,040 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 23,047 23,047 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............1,023,283 1,023,283 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 30,459 30,459 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... 30,459 30,459 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................. 61,400 61,400 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 2,108 2,108 225 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 4,650 4,650 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................................................. 68,158 68,158 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS .................................................................................................... 1,121,900 1,121,900 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... .............................................. 500 500 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................. 11,400 11,400 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 13,737 13,737 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............25,637 25,637 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES .............................................................................................................. 25,637 25,637 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 2,550 2,550 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................................................. 795 795 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............3,345 3,345 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................................................ 3,345 3,345 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 166,274 166,274 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ............................................ 1,492,580 1,492,580 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. .............................. 110,237 110,237 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................ 209,996 209,996 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 92,412 92,412 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ..................... 1,289,693 1,289,693 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ..................................................... 2,355,264 2,355,264 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,141,718 1,141,718 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............................................. 13,537 13,537 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ......................................... 224,713 224,713 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 17,353 17,353 120 TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES ................................................................................ ............................... 36,098 36,098 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 385 385 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 38,966 38,966 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ....................................................... 725 725 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 2,056 2,056 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................................................... 35,189 35,189 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ................................................................ 162,691 162,691 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 19,000 19,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................................
.............7,408,887 7,408,887 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,287,659 1,287,659 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .............................................. 107,064 107,064 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................... ......................1,394,723 1,394,723 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ......................................................... 300 300 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................................................... 340 340 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................. 25,327 25,327 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 844 844 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .................................. 1,199 1,199 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................................................... 1,320 1,320 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... 29,330 29,330 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 154,485 154,485 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4541 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................. 13,608 13,608 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................................................ 4,814 4,814 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 131,123 131,123 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................. 97,471 97,471 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................... 240 240 545 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 51,108 51,108 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................................................. 452,849 452,849 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................ 9,285,789 9,285,789 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................ 51,000 51,000 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. 9,500 9,500 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............60,500 60,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ......................................................................................................... 60,500 60,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 3,560 3,560 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. 12,310 12,310 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............15,870 15,870 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ....................................................................................................................... 15,870 15,870 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 28,671 28,671 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ ......................... 3,733,161 3,733,161 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................................... .............3,761,832 3,761,832 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. .......................................... 1,781 1,781 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................ 21,723 21,723 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................... 111,702 111,702 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .......................................... 127,023 127,023 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 14,377 14,377 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ................................... 2,208,442 2,008,442 Transfer of funds to Ukraine Security Assistance fund .......................................................................... .................................. [–200,000 ] 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....................................... 302,250 302,250 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ............................. 31,620 31,620 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ...................................... 16,579 16,579 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .................................... 7,766 7,766 315 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 1,944,813 1,944,813 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................................... 4,788,076 4,588,076 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................................ 8,549,908 8,349,908 UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE 010 UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ................................................................................................ .............................................. 250,000 Program increase for defensive lethal assistance ............................................................................... ...................................... [50,000 ] Transfer of funds from the Defense Security Cooperation Agency ................................................................. .......................... [200,000 ] SUBTOTAL UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ....................................................................................................................... 250,000 TOTAL UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE .......................................................................................................................... 250,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... .48,782,670 51,146,727 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................... .................................140,689,301 139,988,801 Control Grade Increase ......................................................................................................... ........................................................... [7,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ...................................................... [–218,000 ] Historical unobligated balance ................................................................................................. ....................................................... [–761,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4542 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Permanently reverse BAH reduction for Military Housing Privatization Initiative ................................................ ....................... [275,000 ] Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .............................................................. [–3,000 ] Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ............................................................................................................................... ...7,533,090 7,533,090 Total, Military Personnel............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 148,222,391 147,521,891 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................. 4,660,661 4,660,661 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ARMY ARSENALS INITIATIVE ....................................................................................................... ......................... 59,002 59,002 ARMY SUPPLY MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... ....................... 99,763 99,763 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .......................................................................................................... 158,765 158,765 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE WORKING CAPITAL FUND ........................................................................................................... ............................. 69,054 69,054 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 69,054 69,054 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE WORKING CAPITAL FUND SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................... 48,096 48,096 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE .......................................................................................... 48,096 48,096 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA WORKING CAPITAL FUND SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................... 1,266,200 1,266,200 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .......................................................................................................... 1,266,200 1,266,200 NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND SURGE SEALIFT RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................................. ................... 200,000 Program increase—one used vessel ............................................................................................... ................. [200,000 ] LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ..................... 127,739 Transfer from OMN .............................................................................................................. .......................... [127,739 ] DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ................................................................................................... .................... 20,858 Transfer from OMN .............................................................................................................. .......................... [20,858 ] TAH MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................................ .................................. 157,350 Service Life Extension of USNS Comfort (TAH 20) ................................................................................ ........ [85,000 ] Transfer from OMN .............................................................................................................. .......................... [72,350 ] READY RESERVE AND PREPOSITIONING FORCE ......................................................................................... ........ 310,805 Transfer from OMN .............................................................................................................. .......................... [310,805 ] TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND .................................................................................................... 816,752 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ......................... 105,997 105,997 RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... .............................................. 886,728 886,728 PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,091 1,091 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ...................................................................................... 993,816 993,816 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .................................................................. 547,171  567,171 Combatting opioid trafficking and abuse ........................................................................................ .............. [20,000 ] DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............... 117,900 117,900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4543 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized 
NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ........ 117,178 117,178 DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .................................................................. 5,276 5 ,276 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ......................................................................... 787,525 807,525 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ......................... 327,611 332,611 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................ [5,000 ] PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,602 1,602 RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... .............................................. 60 60 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ................................................................................................ 329,273 334,273 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 9,738,569 9,738,569 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ............................... 15,103,735 15,103,735 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 2,107,961 2,107,961 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,039,878 2,039,878 MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 307,629 307,629 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ........................... 756,778 756,778 BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 2,090,845 2,090,845 RDT&E RESEARCH ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 11,386 11,386 EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................................... ....................... 75,010 80,010 Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................. [5,000 ] ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................... ......................... 275,258 280,258 Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................. [5,000 ] DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ....................................................................................................... ....................... 117,529 122,529 Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................. [5,000 ] ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 151,985 176,985 FDA approved devices to detect and monitor traumatic brain injury ........................................................... [10 ,000 ] Freeze-dried platelet derived hemostatic agents ................................................................................ ........... [10,000 ] Simulators and other technologies to reduce the use of live animal tissue for medical training ................. [5,000 ] MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ......................................................................................................... ....................... 63,755 63,755 CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ....................................................................................................... ........................ 15,714 15,714 PROCUREMENT INITIAL OUTFITTING ............................................................................................................. .................................. 33,056 33,056 REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION .................................................................................................... ................... 343,424 343,424 DOD HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 496,68 0 496,680 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ..................................... –492,500 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ................... [–22,100 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ..................... [–470,400 ] TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................... 33,729,192 33,276,692 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ..................................................................................................................... 37,381,921 37,771,173 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ARMY SUPPLY MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... .......................... 6,600 6,600 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................. 6,600 6,600 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE WORKING CAPITAL FUND ........................................................................................................... ................................ 8,590 8,590 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 8,590 8,590 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4544 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ..................................................................... 153, 100 153,100 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................ 153,100 153,100 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ............................ 24,692 24,692 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ................................................................................................... 24,692 24,692 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. .......................................... 72,627 72,627 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ .................................. 277,066 277,066 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 2,375 2,375 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .................................................................................................................. 352,068 352,068 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ........................................................................................................................ 545,050 545,050 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Alabama Army Anniston Army Depot Weapon Maintenance Shop ............................................................................... .... 5,200 5,200 California Army Fort Irwin Multipurpose Range Complex ............................................................................... 29,000  29,000 Colorado Army Fort Carson Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................................................................... 77, 000 77,000 Georgia Army Fort Gordon Cyber Instructional Fac and Network Ctr ........................................................... 99,000 99,00 0 Germany Army East Camp Grafenwoehr Mission Training Complex ............................................................................ ....... 31,000 31,000 Hawaii Army Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 4 ................................................................. 105,000 95,000 Honduras Army Soto Cano Air Base Barracks ............................................................................................... ................ 21,000 21,000 Indiana Army Crane Army Ammunition Plant Railcar Holding Area .......................................................................... .................. 16,000 16,000 Kentucky Army Fort Campbell Microgird and Power Plant .................................................................................. 0  18,000 Army Fort Campbell Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................................................................... 3 2,000 32,000 Army Fort Knox Digital Air/Ground Integration Range ................................................................. 26,000 26,0 00 Korea Army Camp Tango Command and Control Facility ............................................................................ 17,500 17,500 Kuwait Army Camp Arifjan Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................................................................... 44 ,000 44,000 Maryland Army Fort Meade Cantonment Area Roads ....................................................................................... 0 1 6,500 New Jersey Army Picatinny Arsenal Munitions Disassembly Complex .......................................................................... 4 1,000 41,000 New Mexico Army White Sands Missile Range Information Systems Facility .................................................................... .......... 40,000 40,000 New York Army U.S. Military Academy Engineering Center .................................................................................. ............ 95,000 95,000 Army U.S. Military Academy Parking Structure ................................................................................... ............. 65,000 65,000 North Carolina Army Fort Bragg Dining Facility ................................................................................................ ..... 10,000 10,000 South Carolina Army Fort Jackson Trainee Barracks Complex 3, Ph2 ......................................................................... 52,00 0 52,000 Texas Army Fort Bliss Supply Support Activity ...................................................................................... 24 ,000 24,000 Army Fort Hood Supply Support Activity ...................................................................................... 0 9 ,600 Worldwide Unspecified Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Force Protection and Safety ............................................................... ................. 0 50,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support ....................................................................... ..................... 34,000 34,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ..................... 76,068 76,068 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ............... 72,000 72,000 Military Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................................... .............................1,011,768 1,095,868 Arizona Navy Camp Navajo Missile Motor Magazines and U&SI ...................................................................... 0 14,800  Bahamas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4545 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Navy Andros Island AUTEC Austere Quarters ..................................................................................... 3 1,050 31,050 Bahrain Navy SW Asia Fleet Maintenance Facility & TOC ...................................................................... 26,340 26,34 0 California Navy Camp Pendleton AAV-ACV Maintenance & Warehouse Facility .................................................... 49,410 49,410 Navy Camp Pendleton Electrical Upgrades ........................................................................................ ...... 4,020 4,020 Navy Camp Pendleton Full Motion Trainer Facility ............................................................................... 10,670 10,670 Navy Camp Pendleton Potable Water Distribution Improvements .......................................................... 47,230 47, 230 Navy Camp Pendleton Supply Warehouse SOI-West ................................................................................ 0 16,600 Navy Marine Corps Air Station Miramar Airfield Security Improvements ........................................................... ............... 11,500 11,500 Navy Marine Corps Air Station Miramar F–35 Vertical Landing Pads and Taxiway ................................................... ......... 20,480 20,480 Navy Naval Air Station Lemoore Communications Line Ops to Admin ................................................................ .... 0 14,900 Navy Naval Air Station Lemoore F–35 Maintenance Hangar ......................................................................... ........... 112,690 112,690 Navy Naval Base Coronado Aircraft Paint Complex ................................................................................ ........ 0 78,800 Navy Naval Base Coronado CMV–22B Airfield Improvements ......................................................................... . 77,780 77,780 Navy Naval Base San Diego Harbor Drive Switching Station ....................................................................... ... 48,440 48,440 Navy Naval Base San Diego LCS Mission Module Readiness Center ................................................................ 0 19,500 Navy Naval Base San Diego Pier 8 Replacement ................................................................................... ........... 108,100 48,747 Navy Naval Base Ventura Directed Energy Systems Intergration Lab ......................................................... 22,150  22,150 Navy Naval Base Ventura Missile Assembly Build & High Explosive Mag .................................................... 31,010 3 1,010 Navy Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach Causeway, Boat Channel & Turning Basin ................................................... ........ 117,830 117,830 Navy Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach Missile Magazines ........................................................................ ........................ 0 21,800 Cuba Navy Naval Station Guantanamo Bay Consolidated Fire Station .................................................................... ................ 0 19,700 Navy Naval Station Guantanamo Bay Solid Waste Management Facility .............................................................. ......... 85,000 85,000 District of Columbia Navy Naval Observatory Master Time Clocks & Operations Facility .......................................................... 115,60 0 60,000 Florida Navy Naval Air Station Whiting Field Air Traffic Control Tower (North Field) ................................................... ........... 0 10,000 Navy Naval Station Mayport LCS Operational Training Facility Addition ....................................................... 29, 110 29,110 Navy Naval Station Mayport LCS Support Facility ................................................................................ ........... 82,350 82,350 Georgia Navy Marine Corps Base Albany Welding and Body Repair Shop Facility ............................................................ .. 0 31,900 Germany Navy Panzer Kaserne MARFOREUR HQ Modernization and Expansion ................................................. 43,950 43,950 Guam Navy Joint Region Marianas ACE Gym & Dining .................................................................................... .......... 27,910 27,910 Navy Joint Region Marianas Earth Covered Magazines ............................................................................. ........ 52,270 52,270 Navy Joint Region Marianas Machine Gun Range ................................................................................... .......... 141,287 70,000 Navy Joint Region Marianas Ordnance Ops ........................................................................................ ................ 22,020 22,020 Navy Joint Region Marianas Unaccompanied Enlisted Housing ...................................................................... .. 36,170 36,170 Navy Naval Base Guam X-Ray Wharf Improvements (Berth 2) .................................................................. 0 75,6 00 Hawaii Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Drydock Waterfront Facility ................................................................ ............... 45,000 45,000 Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Water Transmission Line .................................................................... ................. 78,320 78,320 Navy Marine Corps Base Hawaii Corrosion Control Hangar ......................................................................... ........... 66,100 66,100 Japan Navy Kadena Air Base Tactical Operations Center ................................................................................ .. 9,049 9,049 Maine Navy Portsmouth Naval Yard Dry Dock #1 Superflood Basin ........................................................................ ..... 109,960 51,639 Navy Portsmouth Naval Yard Extend Portal Crane Rail ............................................................................ ......... 39,725 39,725 Mississippi Navy Naval Construction Battalion Center Expeditionary Combat Skills Student Berthing .......................................... ........ 0 22,300 North Carolina Navy Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 ........................................................................... 0 51, 300 Navy Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point Aircraft Maintenance Hangar .............................................................................. 133,970 60,000 Navy Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point Flightline Utility Modernization ......................................................................... 106,860 55,000 Pennsylvania 
Navy Naval Support Activity Philadelphia Submarine Propulsor Manufacturing Support Fac ......................................... ..... 71,050 71,050 South Carolina Navy Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort Cryogenics Facility ..................................................................... ......................... 0 6,300 Navy Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort Recycling/Hazardous Waste Facility ...................................................... .............. 9,517 9,517 Navy Marine Corps Recruit Depot, Parris Island Range Improvements & Modernization, Phase 2 .................................................. 35,190 35,190 Utah Navy Hill Air Force Base D5 Missile Motor Receipt/Storage Facility .......................................................... 105 ,520 55,000 Virginia Navy Marine Corps Base Quantico Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade, Phase 2 ....................................................... 0 13,100 Navy Marine Corps Base Quantico TBS Fire Station ............................................................................... ................... 21,980 0 Navy Portsmouth Ships Maintenance Facility ................................................................................. 26,1 20 26,120 Washington Navy Bangor Pier and Maintenance Facility ............................................................................ 88,960 88, 960 Navy Naval Air Station Whidbey Island Fleet Support Facility ................................................................... ...................... 19,450 19,450 Navy Naval Air Station Whidbey Island Next Generation Jammer Facility .......................................................... ............. 7,930 7,930 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Force Protection and Safety ............................................................... ................. 0 50,000 Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ..................... 185,542 177,542 Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ............... 28,579 28,579 Military Construction, Navy Total ............................................................................................................................... .............................2,543,189 2,538,898 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4546 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Alaska AF Eielson Air Force Base F–35 Aircraft Maintenance Unit Admin Facility ................................................. 6,800 6 ,800 AF Eielson Air Force Base F–35 Conventional Munitions Maintenance Fac ................................................... 15,500 15,500 AF Eielson Air Force Base F–35A CATM Range ..................................................................................... ......... 19,000 19,000 AF Eielson Air Force Base F–35A School Age Facility ............................................................................ ....... 22,500 22,500 Arizona AF Davis Monthan Air Force Base AGE Facility ................................................................................... ..................... 0 15,000 AF Luke Air Force Base F–35A Aircraft Maintenance Unit Facility .......................................................... 23,000  23,000 AF Luke Air Force Base F–35A Squad Ops #6 ...................................................................................... ........ 17,000 17,000 Arkansas AF Little Rock Air Force Base Dormitory - 168 PN ............................................................................................... 0 26,000 Florida AF Eglin Air Force Base F–35A Integrated Trng Center Academics Bldg .................................................... 34,863 3 4,863 AF Eglin Air Force Base F–35A Student Dormitory II ............................................................................. .... 28,000 28,000 AF MacDill Air Force Base KC135 Beddown Add Flight Simulator Training .................................................. 3,100 3, 100 AF Patrick Air Force Base Main Gate ............................................................................................ ................. 0 9,000 Guam AF Joint Region Marianas Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos MSA 2 ........................................................... 9,800 9,800 Louisiana AF Barksdale Air Force Base Entrance Road and Gate Complex ..................................................................... ... 0 12,250 Mariana Islands AF Tinian APR—Cargo Pad with Taxiway Extension ........................................................... 46,000 46,000 AF Tinian APR—Maintenance Support Facility ................................................................... 4,700 4,700 Maryland AF Joint Base Andrews Child Development Center ................................................................................. .. 0 13,000 AF Joint Base Andrews MWD Facility ............................................................................................. .......... 0 8,000 AF Joint Base Andrews PAR Relocate Haz Cargo Pad and EOD Range ..................................................... 37,000 37,00 0 AF Joint Base Andrews Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex, Inc. 2 ........................................................ 154,00 0 123,116 Massachusetts AF Hanscom Air Force Base MIT-Lincoln Laboratory (West Lab CSL/MIF) ..................................................... 225,000  40,000 Nebraska AF Offutt Air Force Base Parking Lot, USSTRATCOM ............................................................................... 9,500 9,500 Nevada AF Creech Air Force Base MQ–9 CPIP GCS Operations Facility .................................................................... 2 8,000 28,000 AF Creech Air Force Base MQ–9 CPIP Operations & Command Center Fac. .................................................. 31,000 31, 000 AF Nellis Air Force Base CRH Simulator ......................................................................................... ............ 5,900 5,900 New Mexico AF Holloman Air Force Base MQ–9 FTU Ops Facility ............................................................................... ......... 85,000 85,000 AF Kirtland Air Force Base Wyoming Gate Upgrade for Anti-terrorism Compliance ...................................... 0 7,000 New York AF Rome Lab Anti-Terrorism Perimeter Security / Entry Control Point .................................. 0 14,200 North Dakota AF Minot Air Force Base Consolidated Helo/TRF Ops/AMU and Alert Fac .................................................. 66,000 66, 000 Ohio AF Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ADAL Intelligence Production Complex (NASIC) ................................................ 116,100 61,000 Oklahoma AF Altus Air Force Base KC–46A FTU/FTC Simulator Facility Ph 3 ........................................................... 12,000  12,000 AF Tinker Air Force Base KC–46A Depot Fuel Maintenance Hangar ............................................................. 85,00 0 85,000 AF Tinker Air Force Base KC–46A Depot Maintenance Hangar ..................................................................... 81 ,000 81,000 Qatar AF Al Udeid Flightline Support Facilities ............................................................................... 30,400 0 AF Al Udeid Personnel Deployment Processing Facility ......................................................... 40,000 0 South Carolina AF Shaw Air Force Base CPIP MQ–9 MCE GROUP ..................................................................................... . 53,000 53,000 Texas AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 6 .............................................................................. ...... 25,000 25,000 United Kingdom AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A 6 Bay Hangar ........................................................................................... ... 39,036 39,036 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Conventional Munitions MX ........................................................... 9,204 9,204 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Parts Store ...................................................................................... 1 3,926 13,926 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A AGE Facility ........................................................................................... ... 12,449 12,449 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A Dorm ................................................................................................... ....... 29,541 29,541 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A Fuel System Maintenance Dock 2 Bay ...................................................... 16,880 16,880 AF RAF Lakenheath F–35A Parking Apron .......................................................................................... . 27,431 27,431 Utah AF Hill Air Force Base Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Fac ...................................................... 0 26,000
 Washington AF Fairchild—White Bluff ADAL JPRA C2 Mission Support Facility ........................................................... 0 14,0 00 Worldwide Classified AF Classified Location TACMOR—Utilities and Infrastructure Support .................................................. 18,000 18,0 00 Worldwide Unspecified AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Force Protection and Safety ................................................................. ............... 0 50,000 AF Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................................. ............... 206,577 198,577 AF Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ......................................................... ... 38,500 38,500 Military Construction, AF Total ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,725,707 1,570,773 Alaska Def-Wide Clear Air Force Station Long Range Discrim Radar Sys Complex Ph2 ...................................................... 174,000 130,000 Def-Wide Fort Greely Missile Field #1 Expansion ................................................................................ ... 8,000 0 Def-Wide Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Operations Facility Replacement ....................................................... ................. 14,000 14,000 Arkansas Def-Wide Little Rock Air Force Base Hydrant Fuel System Alterations ............................................................ ............ 14,000 14,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4547 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Belgium Def-Wide Chievres Air Base Europe West District Superintendent’s Office ..................................................... 14, 305 14,305 California Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF EOD Facility—West .................................................................................. ... 3,547 3,547 Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF Human Performance Training Center-West ................................................. 9,049 9,049 Def-Wide Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy Main Access Control Point Upgrades ................................................... ................ 18,800 18,800 Def-Wide Naval Base Coronado SOF ATC Applied Instruction Facility .............................................................. .. 14,819 14,819 Def-Wide Naval Base Coronado SOF ATC Training Facility ......................................................................... ........ 18,329 18,329 Def-Wide Naval Base Coronado SOF Close Quarters Combat Facility ................................................................ ... 12,768 12,768 Def-Wide Naval Base Coronado SOF NSWG–1 Operations Support Facility .......................................................... 25 ,172 25,172 Colorado Def-Wide Fort Carson SOF Human Performance Training Center .......................................................... 15,297 15,2 97 Def-Wide Fort Carson SOF Mountaineering Facility .............................................................................. 9 ,000 9,000 Conus Classified Def-Wide Classified Location Battalion Complex, PH2 ............................................................................ ........... 49,222 49,222 Cuba Def-Wide Naval Base Guantanamo Bay Working Dog Treatment Facility Replacement .................................................. . 9,080 9,080 Germany Def-Wide Baumholder SOF Joint Parachute Rigging Facility ................................................................ 11,504 11,504 Def-Wide Kaiserlautern Air Base Kaiserslautern Middle School ................................................................... ........... 99,955 99,955 Def-Wide Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Inc. 8 ............................................................. ......... 319,589 319,589 Def-Wide Weisbaden Clay Kaserne Elementary School ......................................................................... 56,04 8 56,048 Japan Def-Wide Camp Mctureous Bechtel Elementary School .............................................................................. .... 94,851 94,851 Def-Wide Iwakuni Fuel Pier ..................................................................................................... ......... 33,200 33,200 Def-Wide Kadena Air Base Truck Unload Facilities ............................................................................... ........ 21,400 21,400 Def-Wide Yokosuka Kinnick High School .......................................................................................... .. 170,386 40,000 Kentucky Def-Wide Fort Campbell Ft Campbell Middle School ............................................................................... ... 62,634 62,634 Def-Wide Fort Campbell SOF Air/Ground Integ. Urban Live Fire Range .................................................... 9,091 9,0 91 Def-Wide Fort Campbell SOF Logistics Support Operations Facility ......................................................... 5,435 5,435 Def-Wide Fort Campbell SOF Multi-Use Helicopter Training Facility ....................................................... 5,138 5 ,138 Maine Def-Wide Kittery Consolidated Warehouse Replacement ................................................................. 11,600 11,6 00 Maryland Def-Wide Fort Meade Mission Support Operations Warehouse Facility ................................................. 30,000 30,000  Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Inc 4 ................................................................... 218,0 00 218,000 Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #3 Inc 1 ................................................................... 99,00 0 99,000 Missouri Def-Wide St. Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 1 Inc. 2 ..................................................... 213,600 181,0 00 Def-Wide St. Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 2 Inc. 1 ..................................................... 110,000 110,0 00 New Jersey Def-Wide Joint Base Mcguire-Dix-Lakehurst Hot Cargo Hydrant System Replacement ................................................. ........... 10,200 10,200 North Carolina Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Replace Training Maze and Tower ............................................................... 12,109 12 ,109 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF SERE Resistance Training Lab. Complex .................................................... 20,257 20,257 Def-Wide New River Amb Care Center/Dental Clinic Replacement ...................................................... 32,580 32,580  Oklahoma Def-Wide Mcalester Bulk Diesel System Replacement ........................................................................ 7,000 7,000 Texas Def-Wide Joint Base San Antonio Energy Aerospace Operations Facility ........................................................... ..... 10,200 10,200 Def-Wide Red River Army Depot General Purpose Warehouse ........................................................................ ......... 71,500 71,500 United Kingdom Def-Wide Croughton RAF Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration ...................................................... 10,000 0  Virginia Def-Wide Fort A.P. Hill Training Campus ........................................................................................ .......... 11,734 11,734 Def-Wide Fort Belvoir Human Performance Training Center .................................................................. 6,127 6,127 Def-Wide Humphreys Engineer Center Maintenance and Supply Facility ............................................................. ........... 20,257 20,257 Def-Wide Joint Base Langley-Eustis Fuel Facilities Replacement ................................................................. ............... 6,900 6,900 Def-Wide Joint Base Langley-Eustis Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility Replacement ................................................. ... 5,800 5,800 Def-Wide Pentagon Exterior Infrastruc. & Security Improvements .................................................... 23,650 23,650  
Def-Wide Pentagon North Village VACP & Fencing ............................................................................ 12,20 0 12,200 Def-Wide Traning Center Dam Neck SOF Magazines ................................................................................. .................... 8,959 8,959 Washington Def-Wide Joint Base Lewis-Mcchord Refueling Facility ........................................................................... ..................... 26,200 26,200 Worldwide Unspecified Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction .............................................................. ...................... 10,000 0 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. .......................................... ............ 150,000 165,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design .......................................................................... ............................. 10,000 10,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction ................................................... ............... 12,479 12,479 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ......................... 86,941 86,941 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ ................... 31,642 31,642 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ......................................................................... ....................... 42,705 42,705 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ..................... 55,699 55,699 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ............... 17,366 17,366 Military Construction, Def-Wide Total ............................................................................................................................... .......................2,693,324 2,473,338 Worldwide Unspecified NATO NATO Security Investment Program Nato Security Investment Program ......................................................... ............ 171,064 171,064 NATO Security Investment Program Total ............................................................................................................................... ................171,064 171,064 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4548 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Alaska Army NG Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson United States Property & Fiscal Office ................................................. .............. 27,000 27,000 Illinois Army NG Marseilles Training Center Automated Record Fire Range ................................................................. ............ 5,000 5,000 Montana Army NG Malta National Guard Readiness Center ........................................................................ 15,000 15, 000 Nevada Army NG North Las Vegas National Guard Readiness Center ........................................................................ 32,000 32,000 New Hampshire Army NG Pembroke National Guard Readiness Center ........................................................................ 12,000 12,000 North Dakota Army NG Fargo National Guard Readiness Center ........................................................................ 32,000 32, 000 Ohio Army NG Camp Ravenna Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun Range .................................................... 7,400 7,400 Oklahoma Army NG Lexington Aircraft Vehicle Storage Building ....................................................................... 0 11, 000 South Dakota Army NG Rapid City National Guard Readiness Center ........................................................................ 15,00 0 15,000 Worldwide Unspecified Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design .................................................................... ........................ 16,622 16,622 Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ......................................................... .................. 18,100 18,100 Military Construction, Army National Guard Total ............................................................................................................................... ...180,122 191,122 California Army Res Fort Irwin ECS Modified TEMF / Warehouse ......................................................................... 34,00 0 34,000 Washington Army Res Yakima Training Center ECS Modified TEMF .............................................................................. ............... 0 23,000 Wisconsin Army Res Fort Mccoy Transient Training Barracks ............................................................................... 2 3,000 23,000 Worldwide Unspecified Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ......................... 5,855 5,855 Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ ................... 2,064 2,064 Military Construction, Army Reserve Total ............................................................................................................................... ...............64,919 87,919 California N/MC Res Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach Reserve Training Center .............................................................. ........................ 21,740 21,740 Georgia N/MC Res Fort Benning Reserve Training Center .................................................................................. .... 13,630 13,630 Pennsylvania N/MC Res Pittsburgh Reserve Training Center .................................................................................... .. 0 0 Worldwide Unspecified N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ..................................................................... ........................... 4,695 4,695 N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ ................... 3,000 3,000 Military Construction, Naval Reserve Total ............................................................................................................................... ...............43,065 43,065 California Air NG Channel Islands Air National Guard Station Construct C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ........................................................ 8,000 8,000 Hawaii Air NG Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Construct Addition to F–22 LO/CRF B3408 .................................................. ......... 17,000 17,000 Illinois Air NG Greater Peoria Regional Airport Construct New Fire Crash/Rescue Station ................................................. .......... 9,000 9,000 Louisiana Air NG New Orleans NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Apron ................................................................... 15,000 15,0 00 Air NG New Orleans NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Facilities ............................................................. 0 24,000 Minnesota Air NG Duluth International Airport Construct Small Arms Range ................................................................. .............. 0 8,000 Montana Air NG Great Falls International Airport Construct Aircraft Apron .............................................................. ....................... 0 9,000 New York Air NG Francis S. Gabreski Airport Security Forces/Comm.Training Facility ...................................................... ...... 20,000 20,000 Ohio Air NG Mansfield Lahm Airport Replace Fire Station ............................................................................. ............... 0 13,000 Air NG Rickenbacker International Airport Construct Small Arms Range ........................................................... .................... 0 8,000 Pennsylvania Air NG Fort Indiantown Gap Replace Operations Training/Dining Hall ............................................................ 8
,000 8,000 Virginia Air NG Joint Base Langley-Eustis Construct Cyber Ops Facility .................................................................. ............. 10,000 10,000 Worldwide Unspecified Air NG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .......................................................... ................. 23,626 23,626 Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................................... ................... 18,500 18,500 Military Construction, Air National Guard Total ............................................................................................................................... .......129,126 191,126 Florida AF Res Patrick Air Force Base HC–130J Mx Hanger ................................................................................ .............. 0 24,000 Indiana AF Res Grissom Air Reserve Base Add/Alter Aircraft Maintenance Hangar .......................................................... .... 12,100 12,100 AF Res Grissom Air Reserve Base Aerial Port Facility ........................................................................... .................. 0 9,400 Massachusetts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4549 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
AF Res Westover Air Reserve Base Regional ISO Mx Hanger ........................................................................ .............. 0 42,600 Minnesota AF Res Minneapolis-St Paul International Airport Small Arms Range ............................................................................................... 9,000 9,000 Mississippi AF Res Keesler Air Force Base Aeromedical Staging Squadron Facility ............................................................ .. 4,550 4,550 New York AF Res Niagara Falls International Airport Physical Fitness Center ............................................................. .......................... 14,000 14,000 Ohio AF Res Youngstown Air Rserve Station Relocation Main Gate ...................................................................... .................... 0 8,800 Texas AF Res Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth Munitions Training/Admin Facility ..................................................................... 3,100 3,100 Worldwide Unspecified AF Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ....................................................................... ......................... 4,055 4,055 AF Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .......................................................... ................. 3,358 3,358 Military Construction, Air Force Reserve Total ............................................................................................................................... ......... 50,163 134,963 Germany FH Con Army Baumholder Family Housing Improvements ............................................................................ 3 2,000 32,000 Italy FH Con Army Vicenza Family Housing New Construction ...................................................................... 95,134  95,134 Korea FH Con Army Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction Incr 3 ............................................................ 85 ,000 85,000 FH Con Army Camp Walker Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................................ 68,000 6 8,000 Puerto Rico FH Con Army Fort Buchanan Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................................ 26,000  26,000 Wisconsin FH Con Army Fort Mccoy Family Housing New Construction ...................................................................... 6,2 00 6,200 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Family Housing P & D ............................................................... .......................... 18,326 18,326 Family Housing Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................................... .................330,660 330,660 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ........................................................................ .................................. 15,842 15,842 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support ...................................................... ...................... 18,801 20,301 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ............................................................................ ..................................... 161,252 161,252 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ........................................................................ ................................. 75,530 75,530 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ......................................................................... ................................ 36,302 34,802 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ...................................................................... ................................. 408 408 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ........................................................................... ..................................... 10,502 10,502 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .......................................................................... ...................................... 57,872 57,872 Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total ........................................................................................................................ 376,509 376,509 Mariana Islands FH Con Navy Guam Replace Anderson Housing PH III ........................................................................ 83,441 83,441 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Design, Washington DC .............................................................. .......................... 4,502 4,502 FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements, Washington DC ........................................................ .................... 16,638 16,638 Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total .................................................................................................................. 104,581 104,5 81 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ........................................................................ .................................. 16,395 16,395 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support ...................................................... ...................... 21,767 23,267 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ............................................................................ ..................................... 62,515 62,515 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ........................................................................ ................................. 86,328 86,328 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ......................................................................... ................................ 50,870 49,370 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ...................................................................... ................................. 148 148 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ........................................................................... ..................................... 16,261 16,261 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .......................................................................... ...................................... 60,252 60,252 Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Navy And Marine Corps Total ..........................................................................................
314,536 314,536 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements ............................................................ ..................... 75,247 75,247 FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .................................................................... ............................ 3,199 3,199 Family Housing Construction, Air Force Total ............................................................................................................................... ..........78,446 78,446 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .......................................................................... ................................ 30,645 30,645 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support ........................................................ .................... 22,205 23,705 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing .............................................................................. ................................... 15,832 15,832 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .......................................................................... ............................... 129,763 129,763 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ........................................................................... .............................. 54,423 52,923 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ........................................................................ ............................... 2,171 2,171 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ............................................................................. ................................... 13,669 13,669 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ............................................................................ .................................... 48,566 48,566 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4550 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agreement 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total ................................................................................................................. 317,274 317,274 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .......................................................................... ................................ 1,060 1,060 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing .............................................................................. ................................... 51,278 51,278 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .......................................................................... ............................... 1,663 1,663 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ........................................................................... .............................. 155 155 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ............................................................................. ................................... 2 2 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ............................................................................ .................................... 4,215 4,215 Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide Total ........................................................................................................... 58,373 58,373 Worldwide Unspecified FHIF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Administrative Expenses—FHIF .............................................................. ............ 1,653 1,653 DOD Family Housing Improvement Fund Total ............................................................................................................................... .........1,653 1,653 Worldwide Unspecified UHIF Unaccompanied Housing Improve-ment Fund Administrative Expenses—UHIF .......................................................................... 600 600 Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund Total ............................................................................................................................... ...600 600 Worldwide Unspecified BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment and Closure .............................................................. ............... 62,796 80,906 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment and Closure .............................................................. ............... 151,839 170,949 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment and Closure .............................................................. ............... 52,903 71,013 Base Realignment and Closure Total ............................................................................................................................... .........................267,538 322,868 Prior Year Savings PYS Prior Year Savings Prior Year Savings ...................................................................................... ......... 0 –71,158 Prior Year Savings Total............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 0 –71,158 Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 10,462,617 10,332,478 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agree-ment 
Bulgaria Army Nevo Selo EDI: Ammunition Holding Area .............................................................................. 5,200 5,200 Cuba Army Guantanamo Bay High Value Detention Facility .............................................................................. .. 69,000 0 Poland Army Drawsko Pomorski Training Area EDI: Staging Area .......................................................................... ......................... 17,000 17,000 Army Powidz Air Base EDI: Ammunition Storage Facility ......................................................................... 5 2,000 52,000 Army Powidz Air Base EDI: Bulk Fuel Storage .................................................................................... ....... 21,000 21,000 Army Powidz Air Base EDI: Rail Extension & Railhead ............................................................................ .. 14,000 14,000 Army Zagan Training Area EDI: Rail Extension and Railhead ...................................................................... ..... 6,400 6,400 Army Zagan Training Area EDI: Staging Area ..................................................................................... .............. 34,000 34,000 Romania Army Mihail Kogalniceanu EDI: Explosives & Ammo Load/Unload Apron ......................................................... 21,65 1 21,651 Worldwide Unspecified Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ..................... 20,999 20,999 Military Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 261,250 192,250 Greece Navy Souda Bay EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center ................................................................... 41,650 4 1,650 Navy Souda Bay EDI: Marathi Logistics Support Center .................................................................. 6,200 6,2 00 Italy Navy Sigonella EDI: P–8A Taxiway ............................................................................................... ... 66,050 66,050 Spain Navy Rota EDI: Port Operations Facilities .............................................................................. 21,590 2 1,590 United Kingdom Navy Lossiemouth EDI: P–8 Base Improvements ................................................................................... 7 9,130 79,130 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ..................... 12,700 12,700 Military Construction, Navy Total ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 227,320 227,320 Germany AF Ramstein AB EDI: KMC DABS-FEV/RH Storage Warehouses ....................................................... 119,000 119,000 Norway AF Rygge EDI: Construct Taxiway .......................................................................................... 13,800  13,800 Qatar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4551 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Agree-ment 
AF Al Udeid Flight line Support Facilities ................................................................................. 0 30 ,400 AF Al Udeid Personnel Deployment Processing Facility ............................................................ 0 40,000 Slovakia AF Malacky EDI: Regional Munitions Storage Area ................................................................... 59,000 59,000  United Kingdom AF RAF Fairford EDI: Construct DABS-FEV Storage ........................................................................ 87,000 8 7,000 AF RAF Fairford EDI: Munitions Holding Area .................................................................................. 19 ,000 19,000 Worldwide Unspecified AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning & Design Funds ................................................................ ................ 48,000 46,600 Military Construction, Air Force Total ............................................................................................................................... ...........................345,800 414,800 Estonia Def-Wide Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Operations Facility ...................................................................... ........... 6,100 6,100 Def-Wide Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Training Facility ........................................................................ ............ 9,600 9,600 Qatar Def-Wide Al Udeid Trans-Regional Logistics Complex .......................................................................... 60, 000 60,000 Worldwide Unspecified Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .............................................................. ......................... 7,100 7,100 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ..................... 4,250 4,250 Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ............................................................................................................................... .....................87,050 87,050 Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 921,420 921,420 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ........................... 136,090 136,090 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. .................... 11,017,078 11,215,078 Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............ 1,862,825 1,989,825 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ....................... 1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. .............. 422,529 404,529 Total, National nuclear security administration ...................................................................................................... 15,091,050 15,398,050 Environmental and other defense activities: Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ........... 5,630,217 5,680,217 Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... .................. 853,300 853,300 Defense nuclear waste disposal ................................................................................................. ............. 30,000 30,000 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ...................................................................................................... 6,513,517 6,563,517 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities .................................................................................................................. 21,604,567 21,961,567 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... ....21,740,657 22,097,657 Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... .......................... 136,090 136,090 Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... ...............136,090 136,090 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs and major alterations B61–12 Life extension program .................................................................................................. ................... 794,049 794,049 W76–1 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ................... 48,888 48,888 W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ............................... 304,285 304,285 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ................... 654,766 654,766 IW–1 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 53,000 53,000 W76–2 Warhead modification program ............................................................................................. ............ 65,000 65,000 Total, Life extension programs and major alterations ............................................................................................. 1,919,988 1,919,988 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 64,547 64,547 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 94,300 94,300 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 81,329 81,329 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4552 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 80,204 80,204 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 35,082 35,082 W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 83,107 83,107 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 180,913 180,913 Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... ............619,482 619,482 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... .................. 56,000 56,000 Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ......................... 512,916 508,916 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–4,000] Research and development support ............................................................................................... ............... 38,129 38,129 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... .................... 216,582 214,582 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–2,000] Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... .......... 300,736 298,736 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–2,000] Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... ............1,068,363 1,060,363 Strategic materials Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ...................... 87,182 87,182 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ..................... 361,282 361,282 Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ....................... 205,275 205,275 Lithium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ....................... 29,135 29,135 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ................ 100,704 100,704 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ ................. 218,794 218,794 Total, Strategic materials............................................................................................................................... ..........1,002,372 1,002,372 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... ..4,666,205 4,658,205 Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................ 57,710 57,710 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ................ 95,057 93,057 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–2,000] Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... .................. 131,000 128,000 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–3,000] Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ...................... 32,544 32,544 Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ............... 77,553 77,553 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ ............... 53,364 53,364 Enhanced Capabilities for Subcritical Experiments .............................................................................. ...... 117,632 117,632 Total, Science............................................................................................................................... ............................564,860 559,860 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ .......................... 43,226 43,226 Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... ... 27,536 27,536 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ......................... 48,230 48,230 Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ....................... 58,375 58,375 Stockpile Responsiveness ....................................................................................................... ..................... 34,000 40,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... .................... [6,000] Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... .....................211,367 217,367 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ................................. 22,434 42,434 Maintain sustainable levels .................................................................................................... ............... [20,000] 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ............... 17,397 21,397 Maintain sustainable levels .................................................................................................... ............... [4,000] Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ....... 51,453 61,453 Maintain sustainable levels .................................................................................................... ............... [10,000] Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ............ 8,310 8,310 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ............ 319,333 334,333 Maintain sustainable levels .................................................................................................... ............... [15,000] Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield .................................................................................................... 418,927 467,927 Advanced simulation and computing Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ............. 656,401 656,401 Construction: 18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, LANL ............................................................. 24,000 24 ,000 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, LLNL ................................................. 23,000 23,000  Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................47,000 47,000 Total, Advanced simulation and computing ............................................................................................................. 703,401 703,401 Advanced manufacturing Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... ...................... 17,447 17,447 Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ ......... 48,477 48,477 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4553 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
Process technology development ................................................................................................. ................ 30,914 30,914 Total, Advanced manufacturing............................................................................................................................... 96,838 96,838 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................1,995,393 2,045,393 Infrastructure and operations Operations of facilities ....................................................................................................... ............................... 891,000 891,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ .................... 115,000 115,000 Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... ....................... 365,000 404,000 Address high-priority repair needs and preventive maintenance ................................................................ [3 9,000] Recapitalization: Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... ....................... 431,631 498,631 Support high-priority deferred maintenance ..................................................................................... .... [67,000] Capability based investments ................................................................................................... ................... 109,057 113,057 Program increase ............................................................................................................... .................... [4,000] Total, Recapitalization............................................................................................................................... ..............540,688 611,688 Construction: 19–D–670, 138kV Power Transmission System Replacement, NNSS ............................................................. 6,000 6 ,000 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capability, Y–12 .................................................................................. ......... 19,000 19,000 18–D–680, Material Staging Facility, Pantex .................................................................................... ............ 0 24,000 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capability, SRS ................................................................................... ......... 27,000 27,000 17–D–710, West End Protected Area reduction Project, Y–12 ...................................................................... .. 0 9,000 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... .. 53,000 53,000 16–D–515, Albuquerque complex project .......................................................................................... ............. 47,953 47,953 14–D–710, DAF Argus project, NNSS .............................................................................................. ............... 0 2,000 06–D–141 Uranium processing facility Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ....................................................................... .. 703,000 703,000 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy research facility replacement project, LANL ..................................... 235,095 235,0 95 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................1,091,048 1,126,048 Total, Infrastructure and operations ........................................................................................................................ 3,002,736 3,147,736 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... .......................... 176,617 176,617 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 102,022 102,022 Total, Secure transportation asset ........................................................................................................................... 278,639 278,639 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ........................ 690,638 701,638 Physical security infrastructure recapitalization and CSTART ................................................................. [1 1,000] Total, Defense nuclear security............................................................................................................................... .690,638 701,638 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ....................... 221,175 221,175 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................ 162,292 162,292 Total, Weapons Activities............................................................................................................................... ..........11,017,078 11,215,078 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Global material security International nuclear security ................................................................................................. ................... 46,339 46,339 Domestic radiological security ................................................................................................. ................... 90,764 90,764 International radiological security ............................................................................................ ................. 59,576 59,576 Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence ..................................................................................... .......... 140,429 140,429 Total, Global material security............................................................................................................................... ..337,108 337,108 Material management and minimization HEU reactor conversion .........................................................................................................
...................... 98,300 98,300 Nuclear material removal ....................................................................................................... ..................... 32,925 32,925 Material disposition ........................................................................................................... .......................... 200,869 200,869 Total, Material management & minimization ........................................................................................................... 332,094 332,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ...................... 129,703 129,703 Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ................... 456,095 468,095 Acceleration of low-yield detection experiments ................................................................................ ........ [6,000] Future nuclear proliferation challenges, including 3D printing ................................................................. . [6,000] Nonproliferation Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ................................................................................. ........ 59,000 59,000 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ..................................................................... 2 20,000 335,000 Total, Nonproliferation construction ........................................................................................................................ 279,000 394,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ................................................................................................. 1,534,000 1,661,000 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................ 28,640 28,640 Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ............. 319,185 319,185 Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ................................... –19,000 –19,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4554 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .................................................................................................................. 1,862,825 1,989,825 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ............................... 514,951 514,951 Columbia-Class reactor systems development ..................................................................................... .................... 138,000 138,000 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ .................................. 250,000 250,000 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ....................... 525,764 525,764 Construction: 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping ................................................................................................... ......................... 10,994 10,994 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... ...................... 13,200 13,200 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ......... 287,000 287,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................311,194 311,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 48,709 48,709 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ................1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal Salaries And Expenses Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 422,529 404,529 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ................................ [–18,000] Total, Office Of The Administrator ........................................................................................................................... 422,529 404,529 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ........................... 4,889 4,889 Richland: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ................. 89,577 89,577 Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... .......................... 562,473 612,473 Accelerated remediation of 300–296 waste site .................................................................... [50,000] Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... .............. 5,121 5,121 Construction: 18–D–404 WESF Modifications and Capsule Storage ................................................................................ ..... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................1,000 1,000 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... ....................658,171 708,171 Office of River Protection: Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning ............................................................................. ..... 15,000 15,000 Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ .............. 677,460 677,460 Construction: 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... .. 56,053 56,053 01–D–416 A-D WTP Subprojects A-D ............................................................................................... .............. 675,000 675,000 01–D–416 E—Pretreatment Facility ............................................................................................... ............... 15,000 15,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................746,053 746,053 Total, Office of River protection............................................................................................................................... 1,438,513 1,438,513 Idaho National Laboratory: SNF stabilization and disposition—2012 ......................................................................................... .................... 17,000 17,000 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... .................... 148,387 148,387 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ......... 137,739 137,739 Soil and water remediation—2035 ................................................................................................ ...................... 42,900 42,900 Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ................ 3,200 3,200 Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................. 349,226 349,226 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ............... 1,704 1,704 Nuclear facility D & D Separations Process Research Unit .............................................................................................. ............... 15,000 15,000 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ................................ 60,136 60,136 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ................... 2,600 2,600 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ............... 191,629 191,629 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ..................................................................................................................... 271,069 271,069 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR-0041—D&D - Y–12 ............................................................................................................. ....................... 30,214 30,214 OR-0042—D&D -ORNL .............................................................................................................. ..................... 60,007 60,007 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D.............................................................................................................................. 90,221 90,221 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ........................... 45,000 45,000 OR cleanup and waste disposition OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ..................... 67,000 67,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4555 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
Construction: 17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility ....................................................................................... .......... 5,000 5,000 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ .. 11,274 11,274 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................16,274 16,274 Total, OR cleanup and waste disposition ................................................................................................................. 83,274 83,274 OR community & regulatory support .............................................................................................. .................. 4,711 4,711 OR technology development and deployment ....................................................................................... ............. 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... ....226,206 226,206 Savannah River Sites: Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... ...................... 351,331 351,331 Environmental Cleanup Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... ..................... 166,105 166,105 Construction: 18–D–402, Emergency Operations Center .......................................................................................... ...... 1,259 1,259 Total, Environmental Cleanup............................................................................................................................... ..167,364 167,364 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ................. 4,749 4,749 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ... 805,686 805,686 Construction: 18–D–401, SDU #8/9 ............................................................................................................. ..................... 37,450 37,450 17–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ......... 41,243 41,243 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ............................................................... 65,0 00 65,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................143,693 143,693 Total, Savannah River site............................................................................................................................... ........1,472,823 1,472,823 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ........................ 220,000 220,000 Central characterization project ............................................................................................... ........................ 19,500 19,500 Critical Infrastructure Repair/Replacement ..................................................................................... ................. 46,695 46,695 Transportation ................................................................................................................. .................................. 25,500 25,500 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ........................................................... 84,2 12 84,212 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ................... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ...................85,212 85,212 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................. 396,907 396,907 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 300,000 300,000 Program support ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,979 6,979 Minority Serving Institution Partnership ....................................................................................... ........................ 6,000 6,000 Safeguards and Security Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................ 14,023 14,023 Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ..................................... 15,577 15,577 Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 15,078 15,078 Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... .............................. 86,686 86,686 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .............................. 183,357 183,357 Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. .......................... 6,580 6,580 West Valley .................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,133 3,133 Total, Safeguards and Security............................................................................................................................... .324,434 324,434 Technology development ......................................................................................................... ................................ 25,000 25,000 HQEF-0040—Excess Facilities ....................................................................................................
.............................. 150,000 150,000 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................................... 5,630,217 5,680,217 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... .................. 135,194 135,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 70,653 70,653 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ...................................................................................................... 205,847 205,847 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. ..................... 24,068 24,068 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 52,702 52,702 Total, Independent enterprise assessments .............................................................................................................. 76,770 76,770 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ................................. 254,378 254,378 Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................ 140,575 140,575 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 18,302 18,302 Total, Office of Legacy Management ........................................................................................................................ 158,877 158,877 Defense related administrative support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4556 May 22, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Author-ized 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................ 48,484 48,484 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... ............................. 96,793 96,793 Project management oversight and Assessments ................................................................................... ........... 8,412 8,412 Total, Defense related administrative support ......................................................................................................... 153,689 153,689 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................. 5,739 5,739 Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................ 855,300 855,300 Rescission of prior year balances (OHA) ........................................................................................ .......................... –2,000 –2,000 Total, Other Defense Activities............................................................................................................................... ..853,300 853,300 Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal Yucca mountain and interim storage ............................................................................................. ......................... 30,000 30,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal ..................................................................................................................... 30,000 30,000 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–698 and amend-ments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 905. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services or their des-ignees, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. b1845 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–698. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF INNOVATORS DATABASE IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish an innovators database within the Department of Defense in accordance with this section. (b) M
AINTENANCE OF DATABASE .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering shall maintain the database and en-sure that it is periodically updated. (c) E
LEMENTS OF DATABASE .— The database established under subsection (a) shall— (1) be coordinated across the Department of Defense enterprise to focus on small busi-ness innovators that receive funds under the Small Business Innovation Research pro-gram or the Small Business Technology Transfer program; and (2) include appropriate information about each participant, including a description of— (A) the need or requirement applicable to the participant; (B) the participant’s technology with ap-propriate technical detail and appropriate protections of proprietary information or data; (C) any prior business of the participant with the Department; and (D) whether the participant’s technology was incorporated into a program of record. (d) USE OF DATABASE .—After the database is established under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall encourage program offices across the Department of Defense to consult the database before initiating a Re-quest for Information or a Request for Pro-posal to determine whether an organic tech-nology exists or is being developed currently by a an entity supported by the Department (which may include a company, academic consortium, or other entity). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, there is widespread, bipartisan support for efforts to expand the number of small businesses that do business with the Department of De-fense. I particularly want to thank Chairman C
HABOT and Ranking Mem-ber V
ELA´ZQUEZ of the Small Business Committee for their partnership in working toward that goal. Unfortunately, I believe that a num-ber of small businesses that may re-ceive some initial funding to do busi-ness with the Department of Defense and develop their technologies have found that they do not continue to do business with the Department of De-fense or their technologies are not taken up into a program of record so that it is a temporary, one-time infu-sion of cash which does not fully ac-complish the goals that so many of us want to achieve. This amendment requires the Depart-ment of Defense to set up a database of small business innovators, specifically those who receive grants through the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer program, so that we can track these businesses and see: Do their technologies get taken up in a program of record? Do these small businesses do further business with the Department of Defense? I think that is in doubt, but we won’t know until we have this database. That is the purpose of this amend-ment. I recommend its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment. I just want to comment on a couple of aspects of it. I think it is incredibly important that we get more small businesses in-volved. Sometimes the best tech-nology, the best ideas, that is where they start, and working with the Pen-tagon bureaucracy can be over-whelming. A large company like Lockheed Mar-tin or Boeing doesn’t have a problem, but maybe the best ideas come from some small garage startup. I think making affirmative efforts to make sure we reach out and get those compa-nies involved is something that is very important and something we need to continue to do. Yes, we need to track the success of it. Given the record of some of the pro-grams of record, I personally would hesitate to judge them based on wheth-er or not they made it into a program of record. I know we have done some reforms where it has worked where they don’t have to get into a program of record. The Pentagon doesn’t have to go through all of the processes that are involved with that. They just are able to say: I like that. We are going to buy it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.022 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4557 May 22, 2018 
In fact, that is one of the reforms that the chairman has been a leader on doing is freeing up more opportunity, particularly when you are talking about technology, to simply buy the best product instead of having to do an RFP and a down select and going through a lengthy process. So I agree with the chairman on that. As we are judging whether or not these small businesses are truly con-tributing to our national security, I would hope we would keep two things in mind. One is having a program of record may not necessarily be a meas-ure of whether or not they are doing that; and two, not all ideas work out, but that doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t keep pursuing them. It is the Silicon Valley mantra that it is okay to fail. You learn something from that. You build a better technology. And with the rapid pace of technology, that is part of what we need to do as well. I think these programs are critically important. The gentleman’s amend-ment will help with that. I support the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I would just say the gentleman is right. I don’t mean to say that inclusion in a formal program of record is the only measure of success. I just think we need to track this to see: Do those small businesses continue to do busi-ness with the Department of Defense? Are their technologies taken up or not? That is the goal here. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gen-tleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–698. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike title XV. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strip all funding au-thorizations for the overseas contin-gency operations fund for fiscal year 2019, saving the American taxpayers $69 billion, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. The overseas contingency fund has been called out by many, myself in-cluded, and including Democrats and Republicans and liberals and conserv-atives, that this OCO budget is nothing but a slush fund for the purpose of cir-cumventing the Budget Control Act in order to fund these endless wars of choice and the so-called nation-build-ing that has been so costly to our coun-try and our people in blood and in treasury. As a result of the Cost of War Act, sponsored by our good friend JOHN L
EWIS in 2016, we now have a more elaborate and adequate picture of how much these endless wars are costing us. You will see from the chart that I have here that we are now involved in conflicts in 76 different countries all over the world. That is right. Forty-six percent of the countries in the world are involved in one kind of a conflict or another, and we have gotten ourselves involved in those. Twenty-two of them happen to be in the Middle East, in Africa, where I have a little background to qualify my-self on this. I lived in the Middle East. I have studied the language. I have got a fairly good idea what has been hap-pening and what is going on there. So what I would like you to do is to just bear with me and look at the numbers as a result of that cost of war resolu-tion. Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs at Brown University estimated we spent $5.6 trillion on these so-called wars of choice, that we have an additional $7.9 trillion going forward just on the interest paying for those costly wars, and that we have $2 trillion going forward to take care of the veterans. That is right, the men and women who stood up to serve and protect us. They suffered irreparable damage. They lost arms. They lost legs. They had irreparable damage to their bodies and minds and spirits. Twenty-three of them are committing suicide every day. This totals up to be a little over $15 trillion. I don’t have time in my 5 minutes to go through it, but I could tell you in detail how we have been on every side of every one of these conflicts at one time or another, and it is time to put an end to it. We have so many unmet domestic needs in this country. You all know, as Members of Con-gress, we need more money for infra-structure. We need more money for education. We need more money for healthcare. We need more money for mental health. We need more money for this and that, and indeed we do, but the money is not there. That is the answer all the time: No, we don’t have money to spend at the National Institutes of Health or any-place else. Why? Well, show me your budget. Show me your budget, and I will show you your priorities. $15 trillion has gone into the endless wars of choice, making ourselves the policemen of the world, so-called nation-building of the world. Well, let’s think about it. For one of those trillion we could have graduated every kid in America from college debt free. Don’t tell me we can’t afford to do that. For another one of those trillion dol-lars, there is another trillion for infra-structure. Don’t tell me we don’t have the money to do that. For another one of those trillion dol-lars maybe we find a cure for cancer or diabetes or Alzheimer’s or the mental health treatment that is needed throughout this country. And guess what? We would still have $12 trillion left. Give America a tax break. Put some money down toward deficit reduction. Maybe take care of some of the other unmet human needs in this country. That is what this is all about. Are we going to be standing here 10 years from now? We just elected two Presidents in a row that got elected be-cause they were going to stop these wars in the Middle East, these endless wars of choice. You can quarrel with my numbers if you like, but President Trump just came out and said Afghani-stan and Iraq, alone, cost $7 trillion. It is hard to get these numbers out, but thanks to J
OHNLEWIS and the Cost of War Act, we are getting a look at it. My friends, two things: one, there are a lot of things in life you would like to do and you can’t afford, and that is the case here. It is going to bankrupt this country. Two, there are things you do that create more problems than they solve, and that is the same with these endless wars of choice. It is time to put an end to it. We hear Republicans and Democrats and liberals and conservatives all over the country. They are in unanimous agreement. Two Presidents got elected because they were going to get us out of these wars, and the wars continue. The only way we are going to stop them is to stop funding them, and that is what my amendment is all about. Please support it, and please pass it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chair, I was interested to hear the gentleman’s reasoning behind his amendment. Just to clarify for all Members, the overseas contingency ac-count existed before the Budget Con-trol Act existed. The reason it was cre-ated was because we live in a volatile, dynamic world, and there needed to be some accounting mechanism that would be responsive to particular kinds of conflicts so that, if we needed more people, more weapons to be successful, for example, fighting a terrorist in a particular location, you would have that flexibility. But those funds are au-thorized and appropriated just like every other part of the defense budget is. So the assertion that one sometimes reads that these are slush funds that can be spent as wanted by the Pen-tagon is, of course, absolutely not true. Mr. Chairman, it is true that our forces are engaged in more countries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.107 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4558 May 22, 2018 
where there are conflicts going on—not that we are in all of those conflicts, but we are engaged with local mili-taries in more countries than we had been in the past. Part of the reason is because the terrorism problem has spread to more countries than it has in the past, and most of us think that it is better to engage terrorists over there rather than just stick our heads in the sand and wait for them to come attack us over here. So that has been part of what has happened, at least in the past 17 years, as we try to prevent terrorist attacks here at home. I have to say thanks to our military and intelligence community and law enforcement, they have been remark-ably successful. I would just say, finally, Mr. Chair-man, as I mentioned before, 15—one, five—15 percent of the Federal budget is spent to defend this country. The rest, 85 percent is spent on other things. When John Kennedy was Presi-dent, it was 50 percent of the Federal budget that was spent defending the country. As Secretary Mattis says: I think we can afford survival. So I understand the sentiment that we wish all of this conflict would go away and the world would just be a peaceful place. It hasn’t quite happened yet, and until it does, it is important for the United States to be strong, to keep terrorists engaged overseas rather than here, and that is exactly what the overseas contingency account tries to help accomplish. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking member of the Armed Services Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, first, let me say I agree with Mr. N
OLAN on a couple of key points. Number one, I think the overseas contingency fund has come to be relied on too much. Yes, it was created before the Budget Control Act, but these wars have been going on long enough now that we ought to be able to incorporate it into the funds. So I agree with him on that. But completely zeroing out the overseas contingency fund, I think, is irresponsible, because while I agree in some cases the terrorism threat may be overblown, it is, nonetheless, real. b1900 Yemen is always the best example. We went into Afghanistan after 9/11. We dealt with that. We thought we had al-Qaida contained. And then we had the underwear bomber in Detroit and the package bombs that both almost came into the U.S. and attacked us, and they came out of Yemen. So we had to respond to that. We had to re-spond in our own self-defense. And that is part of what the overseas contin-gency fund funds. So, if we wanted to reduce it, if we wanted to get more transparency, I am all for that. But to simply zero it out would basically be to say that we have all these wars and we really have none of them. I am somewhere in between on that. So I can’t support zeroing out the over-seas contingency fund, although I do agree with some of the statements that the sponsor of the amendment made. Mr. Chairman, because it zeros it out completely, I have to oppose the amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–698. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 1225. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, make no mistake: the authorization in sec-tion 1225 of the underlying bill author-izes our U.S. military to go to war with Iran. One of the main reasons why I voted against this bill in committee was spe-cifically because of this provision that authorizes the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to ‘‘develop and implement a strategy with foreign partners to counter the destabilizing activities of Iran.’’ The provision does not define what destabilizing activities they want our troops and taxpayer dollars to counter. It does not define a clear objective or end state for our troops to achieve. In addition, this provision shuts the American people out from this decision entirely by circumventing Congress’ constitutional responsibility to declare war and giving unilateral power and unending authorization to counter Iran to this and future administrations without defining in any way, shape, or form what the objective really is. It sidelines Congress and the Amer-ican people entirely, with the only re-quirement being that the administra-tion report to Congress after their plan is being implemented and only for the next 4 years, while the authorization for war has no expiration date. It gives after-the-fact license for what is already happening in the Mid-dle East. Since 2015, without express congressional authorization, U.S. troops have been providing direct mili-tary support to Saudi Arabia and Yemen through information sharing, logistical support, and refueling Saudi warplanes which have dropped U.S.- made bombs on Yemeni civilians. The most recent attack was on a Yemeni wedding party, with 2 rounds of bombing killing more than 20 people and wounding dozens of others. This Saudi-led interventionist war has created one of the worst humani-tarian disasters in history, worsening a situation that has led to mass starva-tion, cholera outbreaks, devastation, thousands of civilian deaths, and tens of thousands of injuries. This provision gives total authority to the administration to keep U.S. troops in Syria or any other country in the Middle East as long as they deem necessary—an intention clearly stated by members of this administration. To name a few examples, U.N. Am-bassador Nikki Haley said last month that U.S. troops would stay in Syria in-definitely until their goals are accom-plished—namely, to counter Iran. National Security Advisor John Bolton said in a 2015 op-ed entitled ‘‘To Stop Iran’s Bomb, Bomb Iran’’ that ‘‘the United States could do a thorough job of destruction, but Israel alone can do what is necessary. Such action should be combined with vigorous American support for Iran’s opposition, aimed at regime change in Tehran.’’ Secretary of State Mike Pompeo re-cently advocated that the U.S. will ‘‘crush’’ Iran with economic and mili-tary pressure unless it changes its be-havior in the Middle East. So it is clear that, if left unchecked, war hawks in the Trump administra-tion will drag our country into more Middle East wars, leaving destruction in its wake around the world and here at home. Trillions of taxpayer dollars have al-ready been spent on these regime- change wars in the Middle East since 9/ 11. Rather than dumping more tax-payer dollars in these wars, as this pro-vision authorizes, we should instead be investing in rebuilding our community right here at home. For too long, the U.S. has engaged in military adventurism and interven-tionist wars, sending our troops over-seas with no clear objective or end state. Countering Iran is not an end state that our military or diplomats can achieve. Without a clear objective, you end up in endless war. So what is the objective of this au-thorization for war? Is it regime change in Iran? Regime change in Syria? More war against Iran and Syria? Yemen? I strongly urge my colleagues to con-sider the serious consequences of sec-tion 1225 being enacted, because it would authorize any or all of these. It is Congress’ responsibility and con-stitutional role to declare war. The American people have a right to real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.110 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4559 May 22, 2018 
debate on such a declaration. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of my amendment to uphold this respon-sibility. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Hawaii has 1 minute remaining. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Representative G
ABBARD for offering this amendment for one simple reason: it is going to stop the march to war in Iran, another blunder like Iraq. I don’t understand our foreign policy. It seems that the qualification, in John Bolton’s case, is to be wrong for the last 25 years, and then that makes you an expert—wrong about Iraq and wrong about the neoconservative philosophy that got us into this mess. This amendment, forget all the de-tails; we are rushing again to another historic blunder, and this Congress needs to stop that. I respect Represent-ative G
ABBARD for putting this forward so we don’t make another blunder in our foreign policy. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment to strike section 1225, which is an important and nec-essary provision in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA. Iran is a significant threat not only to Israel but to the stability of the en-tire region, and this provision provides an effective plan to counter their de-stabilizing efforts. Iran has supported militias in Syria, provided weapons to Hezbollah in Leb-anon, and helped the Houthi militia to overthrow the government in Yemen. They continue to pose a threat to Israel by building up forces near Israel’s northern border and to U.S. forces in the region as well. This provision not only emphasizes the importance of multilateral co-operation, but it encourages the Sec-retary of Defense to establish a frame-work for critical mutual investments in ISR assets, ballistic missile defense, and cybersecurity and cyber defense. At its core, section 1225 supports the National Defense Strategy by high-lighting the importance of partnerships and the responsibility of all affected nations to contribute in order to achieve shared objectives. It is only through this level of shared responsi-bility that the United States can ex-pect to manage the threat from Iran, as well as those from Asia and Europe. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. K
INZINGER ). Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. It is a confusing amendment to me because, looking at what we want to do, I haven’t talked to many people who don’t think that Iran isn’t a bad actor in the region. It is really almost impossible to find anybody except somebody in the Iranian regime who would say that. This basically peacefully works with our partners to say: Let’s find a strat-egy to counter this terrible activity, this terrible regime. Cyber defense. Working together for intelligence. What do we do to come together with our friends to make sure we can counter these destabilizing activities? If this amendment would pass, it would hand a victory to a few people. It would hand a victory to Russia—Russia that has invested a lot in propping up the Assad regime and working with the Iranian regime to do so. This would be a huge victory to Bashar al-Assad, who has killed half a million of his own people simply be-cause he wants to stay in power. Fifty thousand of those are children, by the way. Many of those gasped their last breath on chemical weapons. This would be a victory to Hezbollah, which has 150,000 rockets aimed at our best ally in the Middle East, Israel, that is worried about their future. This is the same Iran that calls Israel ‘‘lit-tle Satan’’ and the United States ‘‘big Satan.’’ And this would be, of course, a huge victory for Iran itself. This is a nation that is responsible for almost one-quar-ter of American deaths in Iraq that I actually operated against—one-quarter of the American deaths in Iraq. I would think it is pretty good to counter that. So, ultimately, this makes military action less likely, because we are working with our allies to do what we can to prevent actions by this regime that will make war more likely, as we saw in the escalating situation between Israel and Iran just a week ago. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding the time. I urge my colleagues to resoundingly defeat this amendment. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–698. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 790, line 1, insert ‘‘ AND MODIFICATION ’’ after ‘‘
EXTENSION ’’. Page 790, line 7, strike ‘‘Section 1043(a)(1)’’ and insert ‘‘(a) E
XTENSION .—Paragraph (1) of section 1043(a)’’. Page 790, after line 10, insert the following: (b) P
ROJECTED FUTURE TOTAL LIFECYCLE  C
OSTS.—Paragraph (2) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph (G): ‘‘(G) An estimate of the projected future total lifecycle cost of each type of nuclear weapon and delivery platform for each five- year period occurring during the period be-ginning on the date of the report and ending on the date that is 20 years after the date of the report.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman of the full com-mittee and the ranking member for their hard work in developing this product. Mr. Chairman, our nuclear triad and the strategic deterrence it provides helps protect our Nation from the exis-tential threat of nuclear war. However, the age of its elements must give us pause. Our B–52s, of which we have over 70 in current use, are over 50 years old. Our Ohio-class sub-marines’ lifespan has been extended from 30 years to 42 years, and the first Minuteman III ICBMs were deployed 40 years ago. With the number of nuclear-related threats increasing around the globe, a credible, safe, secure, and reliable nu-clear deterrent is vital to our national security. But just because the mod-ernization is necessary does not mean that we should fail to track how much this modernization process will cost. Over the next 30 years, we will be re-placing our bombers, ICBMs, and bal-listic missile submarines while also sustaining and modernizing our nu-clear bombs and warheads. Addition-ally, the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review called for the development of low-yield nuclear weapons, a nuclear-armed sea- launched cruise missile, and continu-ation of the Long Range Standoff cruise missile. Our old requirements, in combination with these new initiatives, make cost estimates even more important if we hope to balance our conventional and nuclear force investments. My amendment would require the DOD to include a 20-year estimate of the projected lifecycle costs of each type of nuclear weapon and delivery platform in an annual report they al-ready produce. A CBO report released in October 2017 estimated that over a 30-year span the sustainment and modernization of our nuclear forces will cost $1.2 trillion, which, of course, didn’t take into ac-count delays, changes to the weapons systems, or understated estimates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.113 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4560 May 22, 2018 
If Congress hopes to provide proper oversight of these modernization ef-forts, we must have up-to-date esti-mates that accurately reflect any up-dates and changes that impact our nu-clear bombs, warheads, and delivery systems. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment is very similar to NDAA amendments that have been pre-sented to and rejected by this House each of the last 4 years in a row. One of the reasons this amendment has failed so many times is that even the Obama administration opposed it. A few years ago, President Obama’s Assistant Secretary of Defense told us that this type of multidecade report was a bad idea. He called such a report ‘‘burdensome,’’ explaining, ‘‘As you would expect, looking out that far, 25 years, the credibility of the numbers would be very, very suspect.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Forecasting DOD costs over a 25-year period with any useful accuracy is extremely difficult given the challenges of predicting de-velopments in the international secu-rity environment and ongoing techno-logical advancements.’’ b1915 The Trump administration opposes it, too. Here is the view of the current De-partment of Defense on this idea: ‘‘Pro-jecting out 20 years will result in even lower quality cost estimates with a higher degree of uncertainty. . . . ‘’ They go on to say: ‘‘Given these and other uncertainties, cost estimates that project beyond 10 years into the future provide little value in under-standing either the Department’s fiscal position or its performance in man-aging programs.’’ This amendment would not result in good, effective oversight and trans-parency. It would result in false, unre-liable data entering the public debate. This amendment is part of a long-standing effort to make our nuclear de-terrent appear too expensive by calcu-lating its costs over multiple decades. Regardless of the trillion-dollar figures thrown around by nuclear disar-mament advocates, CBO has confirmed that our nuclear deterrent will never cost us more than 7 percent of the de-fense budget in coming decades. Seven percent of the defense budget to deter nuclear attack on our country is a bar-gain. As Secretary Mattis said last year: ‘‘America can afford survival.’’ Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his comments. We have had this discussion a number of times. I served on his committee and have a lot of respect for him. But he called this a bad idea. He said that it is a bargain if we just continue the status quo. Mr. Chairman, the Department of En-ergy asked this exact question. The De-partment of Energy produces a fiscal year stockpile stewardship and man-agement plan. It is a 25-year plan with long-term costs. It is required in Fed-eral code. We are doing this analysis in other areas. Why isn’t the Department of Defense doing this? The majority seeks to say: Why even ask the question? We have to ask our-selves, what is oversight if we don’t ask hard questions? Now, I think that there is a reason why folks like the National Taxpayers Union, who have supported this amend-ment and have said that they are going to score this amendment, have signed on to support it. It is because we need to ask these tough questions. If we are going to genuinely offer oversight, we need to ask how much these programs cost, we need to plan, and we need to budget. It seems like a reasonable step to take. I appreciate my colleagues’ concerns, and I would ask an ‘‘aye’’ vote of my colleagues. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), my friend and colleague. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for the great work he has done and for his leadership on this issue. I do agree with my colleague from California, yes, we need to do mod-ernization. If you will remember, Presi-dent Obama pledged to modernize our nuclear forces in return for the Senate passing the New START Treaty. The current national posture review, which has been endorsed by security of-ficials from several administrations going back, both Democratic and Re-publican, says this: Maintaining and operating our cur-rent aging nuclear forces now requires between 2 and 3 percent of the DOD budget. The replacement program to rebuild the triad for decades of service will peak for several years at only ap-proximately 4 percent beyond the ongo-ing 2 to 3 percent needed for mainte-nance and operations. This 6.4 percent, just slightly under the 7 percent that the chairman men-tioned, of the current DOD budget re-quired for the long-term replacement program represents less than 1 percent of the overall Federal budget. That is a bargain. Nuclear warfare is, God forbid it should ever happen, an existential threat. One percent of our Federal budget devoted to preventing that is truly worth investing in. The mod-ernization needs to take place. It is well within the moneys that are going to be available to the Department of Defense in the coming years. I agree with the chairman that pro-jecting 20 or 30 years out contains so many potential inaccuracies, it would be kind of an unnecessary and burden-some exercise, and not very useful. We do have and will have the money. It is a vital investment. I agree with the chairman. Let’s turn this amendment down. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–698. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee of the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In section 3114— (1) strike subsection (a) (and redesignate subsection (b) as subsection (a)); (2) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, strike ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert ‘‘Except as provided by subsection (b), the Sec-retary’’; and (3) add at the end the following new sub-section: (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the W76-2 warhead modification program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional de-fense committees a report— (1) assessing the potential effects of the modification or development of a low-yield nuclear warhead for submarine-launched bal-listic missiles on strategic stability; and (2) assessing options to— (A) reduce the risk of miscalculation asso-ciated with adversaries being unable to dis-tinguish between a submarine-launched bal-listic missile carrying a low-yield warhead and such a missile carrying several high- yield warheads; and (B) preserve the survivability and the sec-ond-strike capability of ballistic missile sub-marines without increasing risk. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment deals with the new low-yield D5 or W76–2 nu-clear warhead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.116 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4561 May 22, 2018 
In the NDAA, there is the establish-ment of this new low-yield nuclear warhead. This amendment would fence 50 percent of the funding for the war-head until such time as the Secretary of Defense submits a report on the pro-gram’s impacts on strategic stability and options to reduce the risk of mis-calculation associated with the inabil-ity of adversaries to be able to distin-guish between an SSBN missile car-rying a single low-yield warhead and a missile carrying several high-yield nu-clear warheads, and to preserve the survivability of the second-strike capa-bility of the SSBNs. It also strikes the unnecessary provision in the mark. People who have looked at these issues—for example, former Secretary of State George Shultz and Senator Lugar, recently wrote: ‘‘The justifica-tion for new Trident warheads fails on many levels. It is unlikely that there is such a thing as a limited nuclear war; preparing for one is folly.’’ Back in January, 2018, former Sec-retary of State George Shultz wrote in Congressional testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee: ‘‘One of the alarming things to me is this notion that we can have some-thing called a small nuclear weapon, which I understand the Russians are doing, and that somehow that’s usa-ble,’’ he told the panel. He went on to say: ‘‘Your mind goes to the idea that, yes, nuclear weapons become usable. And then we’re really in trouble, because a big nuclear ex-change can wipe out the world.’’ Senator Nunn and former Secretary Moniz talked about this, saying: ‘‘The most immediate priority should be to structure and posture U.S. and Russian nuclear forces to deter nuclear use and reduce the risk of an accidental, mis-taken or unauthorized launch. Against this backdrop, the current Russian concept of ‘escalate to de-escalate’— i.e., limited nuclear use designed to create a pause in the conflict and open a pathway for a negotiated settlement on Moscow’s terms—and U.S. calls for more ‘usable’ nuclear weapons taken together make the world a vastly more dangerous place.’’ So what we would like to do here is simply have a report, again, from the Secretary of Defense to lay out exactly what this is all about, why it is impor-tant, and what it means for our prin-cipal deterrent force: nuclear-armed submarines. That is what it is. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment. Three successive Secre-taries of Defense—Secretary Hagel, Secretary Carter, and Secretary Mattis—have said that nuclear deter-rence is DOD’s ‘‘highest priority mis-sion.’’ In its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, Secretary Mattis conducted a clear- eyed assessment of nuclear threats. In the end, Secretary Mattis concluded: ‘‘We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is, not as we wish it to be.’’ This stands in stark relief to the Obama administration’s 2010 Nuclear Posture Review, which concluded: ‘‘Russia is not an enemy and is increas-ingly a partner.’’ I will not list the many, many ways that this statement from 2010 is so ob-viously wrong. I will just note that Russia has many thousands of low- yield nuclear weapons, including nu-clear artillery shells, nuclear land mines, and nuclear torpedoes, and re-cently announced even more. Russia regularly exercises them with its ‘‘es-calate to de-escalate’’ doctrine, which they believe will force the U.S. to sur-render early in a conflict. The NPR rightly states: ‘‘Correcting this mistaken Russian perception is a strategic imperative.’’ Russia is not a partner, but a com-petitor, and we must shore up our de-terrence posture. Let me briefly address the specifics of the gentleman’s amendment. First, previous NDAAs already line- item authorize funding for individual warhead programs, regardless of the yield. Second, in an April hearing, the Navy confirmed that having a low-yield nu-clear weapon does not increase risk to the submarine. Finally, Secretary Mattis and Gen-eral Hyten of STRATCOM have stated that having this low-yield weapon does not increase the risk of strategic mis-calculation. The bottom line here is that this amendment is designed simply to slow down the long-overdue modernization and improvement of our nuclear forces. Because of that, I have to urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
3⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking member of the full com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I agree very strongly with my colleague from the Armed Services Committee, Mr. R
OGERS , that we need a strong nuclear deterrent. Russia is primarily the focus of that, but not ex-clusively the focus of that. China has nuclear weapons, North Korea has nu-clear weapons, Iran aspires to have them. Without question, we need a strong deterrent. My argument is that we have one. We have over 4,000 nuclear weapons. We do have some low-yield nuclear weapons. We don’t have them in the standoff ca-pacity. But more than that, what we need to communicate to Russia is not that nuclear war is something of de-gree; that, basically, well, if you were to use a low-yield nuclear weapon, we wouldn’t know what to do because we don’t have one that is equally as small. I think that is the exact wrong ap-proach. Our approach should be that nuclear weapons are the red line to end all red lines. There is no such thing as a tac-tical nuclear weapon. Even these tac-tical nuclear weapons that the gen-tleman talks about Russia having, I think are some 100 times more power-ful than the bomb dropped on Hiro-shima. What we need to communicate to Russia is: If you use a nuclear weapon, we will respond with nuclear weapons. So don’t. We don’t need to build small nuclear weapons so that military people can start to imagine a survivable nuclear war. This is the way people used to think in the sixties and seventies when we came tiptoeing up very close on more than one occasion to stumbling in to the conflict to end all conflicts, a nuclear war. If we start buying in to Russia’s phi-losophy that a low-yield nuclear weap-on is, like, a manageable thing that you can use in a combat situation that doesn’t necessarily lead to a broader nuclear weapon, we are running the risk of creating the very thing we are trying to prevent. We need a deterrent. We have a deter-rent. We should not mince words with the Russians or anybody else. Nuclear weapons are red line. We will respond. And we will not trouble ourselves to make sure that our nuclear weapon isn’t bigger than yours. We will deter them in that way, rather than running the risk. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), my friend and colleague. b1930 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for the great work he is doing on this. We all agree that we want a strong nuclear deterrent, and we all agree we want that deterrent to be as stabilizing as possible. We don’t want destabilizing trends. We all agree with that. General John Hyten, Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, testified be-fore the House and said: 
We require a mix of yields and improved platforms to credibly deter the threats of the near future. The National Posture Review di-rects near-term fielding of a low-yield SLBM capability and, in the longer term, pursuit of a modern, nuclear-armed, sea-launched cruise missile. 
So the commander of U.S. Strategic Command says we do need this option. And let me also quote James Miller, Undersecretary of Defense for Policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.119 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4562 May 22, 2018 
under the Obama administration, the principal author of President Obama’s Nuclear Posture Review: ‘‘Secretary of Defense James Mattis’ 2018 Nuclear Posture Review offers continuity with past U.S. policy and plans, including those in the 2010 NPR. It deserves broad bipartisan support. Its proposal for a low-yield SLBM weapon and a new nuclear-tipped, sea-launched cruise missile are sensible responses to changed security conditions, especially Russia and North Korea.’’ Well, things have changed since 2010. That is what the 2018 NPR addresses. So, from both administrations, from both sides of the aisle, we have agree-ment that we do need this low-yield op-tion. That is a stabilizing influence, to have more tools in the toolbox. When you have fewer tools, you have fewer options, and that is destabilizing. Mr. Chair, I ask for a rejection of this amendment. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I once again urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
PERMISSION TO REVISE REMARKS DURING GENERAL DEBATE ON H.R. 5515 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may be per-mitted to revise my remarks, made during general debate in the Com-mittee of the Whole earlier today, be-yond technical, grammatical, and typo-graphical corrections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 905 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5515. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ) kindly resume the chair. b1933 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–698 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, and 22 printed in House Report 115–698, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL OF  
OKLAHOMA  At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR COLLEGE GRADUATES AND POST- SECONDARY STUDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Expedited hiring authority for col-lege graduates; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may appoint, without regard to any provi-sion of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, a qualified individual to a position in the com-petitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT .— The head of an agency may make an appoint-ment under subsection (b) only if the indi-vidual being appointed— ‘‘(1) has received a baccalaureate or grad-uate degree from an institution of higher education; ‘‘(2) applies for the position— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date on which the individual being appointed re-ceived the degree described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who has completed a period of not less than 4 years of obligated service in a uniformed service, not later than 2 years after the date of the dis-charge or release of the individual from that service; and ‘‘(3) meets each minimum qualification standard prescribed by the Director for the position to which the individual is being ap-pointed. ‘‘(d) PUBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of employees that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of individuals that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category, at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below, under a com-petitive examining procedure. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (f), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of individuals that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fis-cal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Direct Hire of Students and Recent Graduates Act of 2017, the Director shall issue interim regu-lations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of the Direct Hire of Students and Recent Grad-uates Act of 2017, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit to Congress a report assessing the impact of the use of the authority pro-vided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of the Direct Hire of Students and Recent Grad-uates Act of 2017, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.121 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4563 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or admin-istrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a recent graduate under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any appli-cable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates. ‘‘§ 3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means an individual enrolled or accepted for enroll-ment in an institution of higher education who is pursuing a baccalaureate or graduate degree on at least a part-time basis as deter-mined by the institution of higher education. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may make a time-limited appointment of a student, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, to a posi-tion in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below for which the student is qualified. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions available under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of students that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of students that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (g), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of students that may be appointed under para-graph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(e) C
ONVERSION .—The head of an agency may, without regard to any provision of chapter 33 or any other provision of law re-lating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competi-tive service, convert a student serving in an appointment under subsection (b) to a per-manent appointment in the competitive service within the agency without further competition if the student— ‘‘(1) has completed the course of study leading to the baccalaureate or graduate de-gree; ‘‘(2) has completed not less than 640 hours of current continuous employment in an ap-pointment under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) meets the qualification standards for the position to which the student will be converted. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The head of an agency shall, without regard to any provision of chapter 35 or 75, terminate the appointment of a student appointed under subsection (b) upon completion of the designated academic course of study unless the student is selected for conversion under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Direct Hire of Students and Recent Graduates Act of 2017, the Director shall issue interim regu-lations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of the Direct Hire of Students and Recent Grad-uates Act of 2017, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a post- secondary student under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates.’’. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service. ‘‘3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competi-tive service.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. STRATEGIC PLAN FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST AND EVALUATION RESOURCES. 
Section 196(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Not less often than once every two fiscal years, the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, in co-ordination with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the heads of De-fense Agencies with test and evaluation re-sponsibilities, shall complete a strategic plan reflecting the future needs of the De-partment of Defense with respect to test and evaluation facilities and resources. Each strategic plan shall cover the period of thir-ty fiscal years beginning with the fiscal year in which the plan is submitted under para-graph (3). The strategic plan shall be based on a comprehensive review of both funded and unfunded test and evaluation require-ments of the Department, future threats to national security, and the adequacy of the test and evaluation facilities and resources of the Department to meet those future re-quirements and threats.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘needed to meet such requirements’’ and inserting ‘‘needed to meet current and future require-ments based on current and emerging threats, including, at minimum, missile de-fense, cyberspace operations, direct energy, and hypersonics,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. INCREASE IN FUNDING FOR DIVER-TOR TEST TOKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 4701 for Department of En-ergy National Security Programs, as speci-fied in the corresponding funding table in section 4701, for research, development, test, and evaluation, inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield, is hereby increased by $3,000,000 (to be used for divertor test tokamak research and development). (b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4101 for procurement, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for procurement of ammunition, Air Force, flares (Line 015) is hereby reduced by $3,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. BRIEFING ON INNOVATIVE MOBILE SECURITY TECHNOLOGY CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.046 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4564 May 22, 2018 
(1) government-owned mobile technologies remain at risk for targeting or data breaches placing at risk information that could harm national security; and (2) further, these vulnerabilities exist be-cause current technologies do not possess the necessary security features required to mitigate the threats of credential theft, ac-tive surveillance from microphones and cam-eras, and tracking of user movements and lo-cation. (b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on— (1) threats posed by credential theft, active surveillance from microphones and cameras, and tracking of user movements and loca-tion; (2) the commercial availability of tech-nologies to mitigate these threats; and (3) strategies and feasibilities of deploying mobile security technologies within the De-partment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle C of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM FOR MICRO-REACTORS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate a report describing the requirements for, and components of, a pilot program to provide resilience for critical national security infra-structure at Department of Defense and De-partment of Energy facilities by contracting with a commercial entity to site, construct, and operate at least one licensed micro-reac-tor at a facility identified under the report by December 31, 2027. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—As necessary to de-velop the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of Defense; (2) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and (3) the Administrator of the General Serv-ices Administration. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) identification of potential locations to site, construct, and operate a micro-reactor at a Department of Defense or Department of Energy facility that contains critical na-tional security infrastructure that the Sec-retary determines may not be energy resil-ient; (2) assessments of different nuclear tech-nologies to provide energy resiliency for critical national security infrastructure; (3) a survey of potential commercial stake-holders with which to enter into a contract under the pilot program to construct and op-erate a licensed micro-reactor; (4) options to enter into long-term con-tracting, including various financial mecha-nisms for such purpose; (5) identification of requirements for micro-reactors to provide energy resilience to mission-critical functions at facilities identified under paragraph (1); (6) an estimate of the costs of the pilot pro-gram; (7) a timeline with milestones for the pilot program; (8) an analysis of the existing authority of the Department of Energy and Department of Defense to permit the siting, construction, and operation of a micro-reactor; and (9) recommendations for any legislative changes to the authorities analyzed under paragraph (8) necessary for the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense to permit the siting, construction, and oper-ation of a micro-reactor. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘critical national security in-frastructure’’ means any site or installation that the Secretary of Energy or the Sec-retary of Defense determines supports crit-ical mission functions of the national secu-rity enterprise. (2) The term ‘‘licensed’’ means holding a li-cense under section 103 or 104 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. (3) The term ‘‘micro-reactor’’ means a nu-clear reactor that has a power production ca-pacity that is not greater than 50 megawatts. (4) The term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the pilot program described in subsection (a). (5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means Secretary of Energy. (e) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified appendix. (f) L
IMITATIONS .—This Act does not author-ize the Department of Energy or Department of Defense to enter into a contract with re-spect to the pilot program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  Page 83, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 83, line 15, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 83, after line 15, insert the following: (E) may include the use of on-the-job train-ing to ensure participants are able to learn the skills necessary for successful careers in additive manufacturing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle D of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON DEPOT-LEVEL MAINTE-NANCE AND REPAIR. 
The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of each of the military de-partments and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on labor hours and depot maintenance, which shall include— (1) the amount of public and private fund-ing of depot-level maintenance and repair (as defined in section 2460 of title 10 United State Code) for the Department of Defense,, Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Spe-cial Operations Command, and any other unified command identified by the Sec-retary, expressed by commodity group by percentage and actual numbers in terms of dollars and direct labor hours; (2) within each category of depot level maintenance and repair for each entities, the amount of the subset of depot maintenance workload that meets the description under section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, that is performed in the public and private sectors by direct labor hours and by dollars; (3) of the subset referred to in paragraph (2), the amount of depot maintenance work-load performed in the public and private sec-tor by direct labor hour and by dollars for each entity that would otherwise be consid-ered core workload under such section 2462, but is not considered core because a weapon system or equipment has not been declared a program of record; and (4) the projections for the upcoming future years defense program, including the distinc-tion between the Navy and the Marine Corps for the Department of the Navy, as well as any unified command, including the Special Operations Command. AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3ll. STUDY ON PHASING OUT OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a study on the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits by using tech-nology incinerators. (b) O
PENBURN PITDEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘open burn pit’’ means an area of land— (1) that is designated by the Secretary of Defense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and (2) does not contain a commercially manu-factured incinerator or other equipment spe-cifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 107, line 17, strike ‘‘while on active duty’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . 
NAPOLITANO OF CALIFORNIA  Page 116, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 515. NATIONAL GUARD YOUTH CHALLENGE PROGRAM. 
Section 509(k) of title 32, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
EPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORTS ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Within’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Not later than’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall evaluate the pilot Jobs ChalleNGe Pro-grams and submit a report of findings and recommendations to Congress.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MRS . 
NAPOLITANO OF CALIFORNIA  Page 116, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 515. NATIONAL GUARD YOUTH CHALLENGE PROGRAM. 
Section 509(h) of title 32, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) Equipment and facilities of the United States may be transferred to the National Guard for purposes of carrying out the Pro-gram. ‘‘(3) Equipment and facilities of a State, county, or local government entity may be transferred to the National Guard for pur-poses of carrying out the Program.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
OF NEW JERSEY  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. INCLUSION OF BLAST EXPOSURE HIS-TORY IN SERVICE RECORDS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that blast exposure history is included in the service records of members of the Armed Forces in a manner that will assist in deter-mining whether a future illness or injury is service connected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . GONZALEZ  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. CYBERSECURITY EDUCATIONAL PRO-GRAMS AND AWARENESS IN JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS. 
The Secretaries of the military depart-ments shall encourage the Junior Reserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.046 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4565 May 22, 2018 
Officer Training Corps to include cybersecu-rity educational programs and awareness in the curriculum of the Corps, including les-sons on cyber defense, risks of cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the military, and pursuing studies and careers in cybersecurity and re-lated fields within the Department of De-fense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle I of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. PUBLICATION OF GUIDANCE AND IN-FORMATION ON HOUSING MARKETS NEAR CERTAIN MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and make publicly available guidance and information about the housing market around military installations in the continental United States. Such guidance and information shall be designed to assist members of the Armed Forces in better using their basic allowance for housing. (b) M
ATTERS FOR INCLUSION .—The informa-tion and guidance under subsection (a) shall include— (1) information on the housing market around the installation, including— (A) information about deciding whether to rent or buy, including taking into consider-ation the average deployment cycle for that military installation and permanent change of station timelines; (B) information about houses and apart-ments; (C) considerations of living with a room-mate; and (D) information about working with and through a landlord; (2) suggested bedroom and bathroom and square footage for each basic allowance for housing category; (3) recommended zip codes in which to look for properties; (4) information about the availability of public transportation; (5) average commute times to military in-stallation and wait times at nearest gate; and (6) a list of realtors and real estate brokers who work in the area, including any com-plaints registered against such realtors and brokers. (c) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on a review of the Comp-troller General of the rate setting procedure for basic allowance for housing. Such review shall cover how the Department of Defense collects basic allowance for housing data and shall include an analysis of each of the fol-lowing: (1) Whether the process in use is the most efficient process. (2) Whether the information collected is publically available elsewhere. (3) Whether the data collected reflects what is available through open source meth-ods. (4) How basic allowance for housing rates and cost of living adjustments are inter-related. (5) Whether members of the Armed Forces about whom data is collected are receiving loan protections on interest rates pursuant to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. (6) Whether such members of the Armed Forces experience issues when they need to break leases for a deployment or permanent change of station. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH OF  
VERMONT  In title V, at the end of subtitle I add the following: SEC. lll. ASSISTANCE OF STATES FOR DEPLOY-MENT-RELATED SUPPORT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UN-DERGOING DEPLOYMENT AND THEIR FAMILIES BEYOND THE YEL-LOW RIBBON REINTEGRATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 582 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (k) and (l) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing new subsection (k): ‘‘(k) S
UPPORT BEYOND PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall provide funding to States to carry out programs that provide deployment cycle information, services, and referrals to members of the Armed Forces, including members of the regular compo-nents and members of the reserve compo-nents, and the families of such members, throughout the deployment cycle. Such pro-grams may include the provision of access to outreach services, including the following: ‘‘(1) Employment counseling. ‘‘(2) Behavioral health counseling. ‘‘(3) Suicide prevention. ‘‘(4) Housing advocacy. ‘‘(5) Financial counseling. ‘‘(6) Referrals for the receipt of other re-lated services.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 133, line 7, insert, after ‘‘review.’’, the following: ‘‘The Secretary of the Army shall ensure that all records of any request, deter-mination, or action under this subsection re-mains confidential.’’. Page 134, line 9, insert, after ‘‘review.’’, the following: ‘‘The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that all records of any request, deter-mination, or action under this subsection re-mains confidential.’’. Page 135, line 10, insert, after ‘‘review.’’, the following: ‘‘The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that all records of any re-quest, determination, or action under this subsection remains confidential.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . ETSY OF  
CONNECTICUT  At the end of subtitle E of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 547. DEFINITION OF MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretaries of De-fense and Veterans Affairs shall establish a joint definition of ‘‘military sexual trauma’’ for their respective Departments to use in all aspects of delivering care and benefits to members of the Armed Forces and veterans who have suffered that crime. (b) R
EPORT .—The Secretaries shall submit to Congress a report on their efforts under subsection (a), including legislative rec-ommendations, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chair, I rise today to support the National Defense Authorization Act and thank the chair-man of the committee for this bipar-tisan legislation which supports our troops, enhances military readiness, and provides for the defense of our Na-tion. I also encourage my colleagues to support my amendments, Nos. 43 and 48, to the NDAA. My amendments seek to improve the mental health services provided by the Department of Defense so our troops receive only the best treatment. It comes as no surprise that the high levels of violence and trauma our serv-icemembers experience is cause for negative impacts on their mental health. Our soldiers suffer from major depression at a rate five times higher than the civilian population rate. Addi-tionally, their diagnosis of post-trau-matic stress disorder was approxi-mately 15 times greater than the gen-eral population. Congress can help. Currently, there is a serious shortage of mental health providers at the DOD. Our troops are paying the price, but they don’t have to. One of my amendments would help identify the scope of the workforce problem at DOD and ensure that an ef-fective strategy is in place so our Na-tion’s troops have full access to quali-fied mental health providers. My other amendment would require the DOD to establish a monitoring pro-gram carried out by each branch of the armed services to conduct periodic re-views of the medication prescribing practices of its own providers to treat PTSD. This monitoring program will help ensure that every military branch is regularly monitoring the medica-tions prescribed to treat PTSD to en-sure that our troops are getting the proper treatment. Some of the greatest wounds in-flicted upon our brave servicemen and -women are unseen. We should be doing everything possible to ensure that we are treating these wounds as we would any other. I urge my colleagues to support my amendments on behalf of the service-members and military families that we represent. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, open-air burn pits pose serious health risks to our troops; yet, still to this day, our mili-tary uses them to dispose of waste and equipment—like human waste, plas-tics, computers, and jet fuel—on the battlefield. I am a board certified emergency physician and a public health expert, and in public health and in the medical field, we know that, if there is a high enough suspicion with a severe enough illness, which we have with veterans developing rare and permanently se-verely disabling pulmonary auto-immune diseases and dying of cancer, then we need to act on that suspicion. We can start to do that by doing these three things: one, stop our troops’ exposure to dangerous burn pits out on the battlefield; two, conduct public health education for doctors and veterans to train them to recognize subtle changes in their health, help to catch cancer at an early stage when it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.046 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4566 May 22, 2018 
can still be treated, and save lives; and third, get our veterans and service-members the medical treatment they need quickly and ensure it is covered by the VA or the DOD. My amendment will help accomplish this first step by directing the Depart-ment of Defense to conduct a feasi-bility study on ending the use of dan-gerous burn pits by using incinerators or other technology. I thank the com-mittee leadership for their support of this amendment and on this emerging health crisis for our veterans. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote to help save our veterans’ and men and women in uniforms’ lives. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time on this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, Iran’s destabilizing activities in the Middle East are not a new phenomenon. How-ever, of late, their malign influence has dramatically expanded and intensified in Yemen, in Iraq, in Lebanon, and, perhaps of greatest immediate concern, the establishment of a potentially per-manent foothold in Syria. Such a presence enables Iran’s in-creasing support for Hezbollah, includ-ing not only weapons transfers, but also assistance in building an indige-nous rocket-producing capacity. I therefore appreciate the work of the House Armed Services Committee in including a provision authorizing the Secretaries of Defense and State to de-velop and implement a strategy with foreign partners to counter Iran’s de-stabilizing activities. My first amendment would ensure the strategy includes specific countries in which Iran is operating, an assess-ment of their destabilizing activities, and the implications thereof. My second amendment would require a report on Iran’s support for proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon and an as-sessment of the threat posed to Israel, other regional allies, and U.S. inter-ests. It is important to know where Iran is operating, what exactly they are doing, who they are backing, and how this impacts the United States and our allies. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support for my bipartisan amendments. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the bloc of amendments, and amendment 41, for the Department of Defense to gather the data necessary to success-fully extend the TRICARE Prime healthcare benefit to Puerto Rico to meet the needs of our retired military families on the same basis as in the mainland. More than 200,000 Puerto Ricans have served in all branches to date, and the VA has registered almost 100,000 vet-erans residing in Puerto Rico, yet they face disparity in benefits. TRICARE treats Puerto Rico as an overseas loca-tion, with fees and copays higher than what they would be for Prime. Depend-ents of retired veterans in Puerto Rico either get fewer benefits or pay more. Puerto Rican veterans have fought, bled, and died side by side with their comrades in arms from the whole Na-tion. The information required through this amendment will support the deci-sion to finally do justice for our serv-icemembers and veterans. Mr. Chair, I support this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the ranking member and the chairman for their support of my efforts to help veterans and servicemembers who have been exposed to burn pits. We have a responsibility to protect the health of our men and women in uniform and veterans from the harmful health effects of exposure to burn pits, and we can start to do so by, first, stopping our troops’ exposure to these dangerous burn pits out on the battle-field; second, conducting education and public health outreach to veterans and their doctors; and third, getting our veterans and servicemembers the med-ical treatment they need quickly and ensuring it is covered by the VA or the DOD. Earlier, we discussed my amendment that will address step one and finally put an end to the use of dangerous burn pits on the battlefield. My second amendment will tackle step two, requiring the Department of Defense to conduct an annual edu-cation and outreach campaign to vet-erans exposed to burn pits and who are qualified to enroll in the burn pits reg-istry. This will improve our under-standing of the different health effects of exposure to burn pits and help raise awareness for our veterans to be on the lookout for subtle changes in their health that could be early signs of can-cer. Mr. Chair, again, I thank the com-mittee for their support of this amend-ment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, we are still uncovering more troubling evi-dence of the breadth, depth, and reach of Russia’s interference in our most re-cent election, so I am pleased that the NDAA includes a provision requiring a National Intelligence Estimate of in-terference by Russia and China in de-mocracies around the world, including our own. While understanding this threat is an important first step, we also need to take action to ensure we are doing ev-erything possible to secure our own elections and defend the integrity of our democracy. My amendment would add a require-ment that, following the submission of the NIE, the Secretary of Defense shall report to Congress on the specific ef-forts by the Department of Defense to deter such interference both at home and abroad. Protecting our elections, the founda-tion of our democracy, and those of our allies from outside influence by malign foreign actors is of paramount impor-tance. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for including my amendment in this en bloc passage. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. We have no further speakers on en bloc No. 1. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. I also urge sup-port for en bloc No. 1. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. b1945 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, and 38 printed in House Report 115–698, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 153, line 6, insert ‘‘(including re-sources regarding military sexual trauma)’’ after ‘‘resources’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle G of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. FLEXIBLE MATERNITY AND PAREN-TAL LEAVE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall establish and implement policies and procedures that permit a military parent to take, if requested by the military parent, flexible and non-continuous— (1) maternity leave; and (2) parental leave. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN OF  
WISCONSIN  At the end of subtitle G of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 566. REPORT ON WAGE DETERMINATION FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS. 
(a) W AGE DETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the National Guard Bureau, shall coordinate with the Sec-retary of Labor to obtain a wage determina-tion under section 6703(1) of title 41, United States Code, for all contract workers under the following programs: (1) Family Assistance Centers. (2) Family Readiness and Support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.123 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4567 May 22, 2018 
(3) Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program. (4) Recruit Sustainment Program. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees re-garding the wage determinations described in subsection (a). The report shall include a cost estimate of transferring all of the pro-grams named in subsection (a) to direct Fed-eral management. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
OF OREGON  At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. EXEMPTION FROM REPAYMENT OF VOLUNTARY SEPARATION PAY. 
Section 1175a(j) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) This subsection shall not apply to a member who— ‘‘(A) is involuntarily recalled to active duty or full-time National Guard duty; and ‘‘(B) in the course of such duty, incurs a service-connected disability rating of total under section 1155 of title 38.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following new section: 
SECTION 5ll. SERVICE OF WOUNDED WAR-RIORS AS REMOTELY PILOTED AIR-CRAFT PILOTS OR REMOTELY PI-LOTED AIRCRAFT SENSOR OPERA-TORS IN THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish a program under which a qualified wounded warrior who faces retirement or separation from the Armed Forces for physical disability may continue, in lieu of such retirement or sepa-ration, to serve in the Armed Forces as a re-motely piloted aircraft pilot or remotely pi-loted aircraft sensor operator in the Air Force. (b) E
LIGIBILITY QUALIFICATIONS .— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF PHYSICAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In the case of wounded warriors only, the Secretary of the Air Force shall modify the physical fitness requirements ap-plicable to a wounded warrior who is seeking to serve, or is serving, as a remotely piloted aircraft pilot or remotely piloted aircraft sensor operator if the wounded warrior is in-capable of meeting such requirements, such as completing an annual physical training test, due to the service-related disability, but otherwise satisfies the remotely piloted aircraft medical standard. (2) M
EDICAL WAIVERS .—The restriction on medical waivers contained in section 6.4.5.1 of Air Force Instruction 48–123 shall not apply to the program required by this sec-tion. (3) C
ONTINUED APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RE -
QUIREMENTS .—To serve as a remotely piloted aircraft pilot or remotely piloted aircraft sensor operator, a wounded warrior applicant would still have to pass— (A) the applicable Air Force Officer Quali-fying Test or Armed Services Vocational Ap-titude Battery; and (B) the applicable security and mental health requirements. (4) A
UTOMATIC DISQUALIFICATION .—A wounded warrior may not be selected to serve, or continue to serve, as a remotely pi-loted aircraft pilot or remotely piloted air-craft sensor operator if the Secretary of the Air Force determines that— (A) the wounded warrior presents a hazard to flying safety or mission completion; (B) performance of the duty would be haz-ardous to the health of the wounded warrior; or (C) the wounded warrior is diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, or any other mental disorder that could hinder mission performance. (c) PRIORITY FOR CERTAIN WOUNDED WAR-
RIORS .—In selecting wounded warriors to serve as a remotely piloted aircraft pilot or remotely piloted aircraft sensor operator, the Secretary of the Air Force shall give pri-ority to wounded warriors whose disability was incurred— (1) in the line of duty in a combat zone des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense; or (2) during the performance of duty in com-bat-related operations as designated by the Secretary of Defense. (d) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—In the case of a wounded warrior who is not a member of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Air Force shall cooperate with the Secretary concerned having jurisdiction over the wounded warrior to transfer the wounded warrior from the other Armed Force to the Air Force to per-mit the wounded warrior to be selected for the program under this section. (e) W
OUNDED WARRIOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘wounded warrior’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who— (1) is unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating be-cause of physical disability incurred in the line of duty; and (2) is under consideration for retirement or separation under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, or has been placed on the temporary disability retired list. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. TRANSPORTATION OF REMAINS OF CASUALTIES; TRAVEL EXPENSES FOR NEXT OF KIN. 
(a) T RANSPORTATION FOR REMAINS OF A  M
EMBER WHODIESNOT IN A THEATER OF COM-
BAT OPERATIONS .—Section 562 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109-364; 10 U.S.C. 1482 note) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
DYING IN A  
THEATER OF COMBAT OPERATIONS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in a com-bat theater of operations’’ and inserting ‘‘outside of the United States’’. (b) T
RANSPORTATION FOR FAMILY .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense Instruction 1300.18 to extend travel privileges via Invitational Travel Authoriza-tion to family members of members of the Armed Forces who die outside of the United States and whose remains are returned to the United States through the mortuary fa-cility at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
OF WASHINGTON  At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. GARNISHMENT TO SATISFY JUDG-MENT RENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY, SEXUALLY, OR EMOTIONALLY ABUS-ING A CHILD. 
Section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (l)(2), the’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘other provision of law’’ and inserting ‘‘provision of law except subsection (l)(2)’’; and (2) in subsection (l)(2), by striking the sec-ond sentence and inserting ‘‘The limitations on the amount of disposable retired pay available for payments under paragraphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (e) do not apply to a child abuse garnishment order.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . JONES OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 171, after line 4, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 566. EDUCATION FOR DEPENDENTS OF CER-TAIN RETIRED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2164(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end ‘‘If the Secretary determines that appro-priate educational programs are not avail-able through a local educational agency for dependents of retirees residing on a military installation in the United States, the Sec-retary may enter into arrangements to pro-vide for the elementary or secondary edu-cation of the dependents of such retirees.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘retiree’ means a member or former member of the armed forces who is entitled to retired or retainer pay under this title, or who, but for age, would be eligible for retired or retainer pay under chapter 1223 of this title.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 190, after line 10, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 606. REPORT ON IMMINENT DANGER PAY AND HOSTILE FIRE PAY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report examining the current processes for awarding imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay to members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—This report under this sec-tion shall include the following: (1) An analysis of difficulties in imple-menting the current system. (2) An explanation of how geographic re-gions are selected to be eligible for such pay and the criteria used to define these regions. (3) An examination of whether the current geographic model is the most appropriate way to award such pay, including the fol-lowing: (A) A discussion of whether the current model most accurately reflects the realities of modern warfare and is responsive enough to the needs of members. (B) Whether the Secretary believes it would be appropriate to tie such pay to spe-cific authorizations for deployments (includ-ing deployments of special operations forces) in addition to geographic criteria. (C) A description of any change the Sec-retary would consider to update such pay to reflect the current operational environment. (D) How the Secretary would implement each change under subparagraph (C). (E) Recommendations of the Secretary for related regulations or legislative action. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . COFFMAN  
OF COLORADO  At the end of subtitle A of title VI, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 606. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE WIDOWS’ TAX. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) section 621 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115-91) amended section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, to make permanent the special survivor indemnity allowance; (2) under the special survivor indemnity al-lowance, surviving spouses and dependent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.051 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4568 May 22, 2018 
children of members who die of a service- connected cause will not be subject to a full offset of survivor benefit plan payments by dependency and indemnity compensation, commonly referred to as the ‘‘widows’ tax’’; and (3) while the special survivor indemnity al-lowance alleviates the gap in benefits, the whole Congress must work together to find a way to eliminate the widows’ tax entirely. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . DONOVAN  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle A of title VI, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 606. REEVALUATION OF BAH FOR THE MILI-TARY HOUSING AREA INCLUDING STATEN ISLAND. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense, using the most recent data available to the Secretary, shall reevaluate the basic housing allowance prescribed under section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, for the military housing area that includes Staten Island, New York 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  In title VI, at the end of subtitle A add the following: 
SEC. ll. COMPENSATION AND CREDIT FOR RE-TIRED PAY PURPOSES FOR MATER-NITY LEAVE TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) for each of 6 days in connection with the taking by the member of a period of ma-ternity leave.’’. (b) C
REDIT FOR RETIRED PAYPURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces in connection with the birth of a child shall count toward the member’s entitlement to retired pay, and in connection with the years of service used in computing retired pay, under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, as 12 points. (2) S
EPARATE CREDIT FOR EACH PERIOD OF  
LEAVE .—Separate crediting of points shall accrue to a member pursuant to this sub-section for each period of maternity leave taken by the member in connection with a childbirth event. (3) W
HEN CREDITED .—Points credited a member for a period of maternity leave pur-suant to this subsection shall be credited in the year in which the period of maternity leave concerned commences. (4) C
ONTRIBUTION OF LEAVE TOWARD ENTI -
TLEMENT TO RETIRED PAY .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Points at the rate of 12 a year for the taking of maternity leave.’’. (5) C
OMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR  
RETIRED PAY .—Section 12733 of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) One day for each point credited to the person under subparagraph (F) of section 12732(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of maternity leave that commence on or after that date. AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle C of title VI, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 626. DESIGNATION OF NEW BENEFICIARY UNDER THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN. 
Section 1448(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph (H): ‘‘(H) E
LECTION OF NEW BENEFICIARY BY TER -
MINALLY ILL PARTICIPANT .— ‘‘(i) A
UTHORITY FOR ELECTION .—A partici-pant in the Plan may elect a new beneficiary if the Secretary concerned determines that the participant is terminally ill. Any such beneficiary must be a natural person with an insurable interest in the participant. ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—Such an election shall be in writing, signed by the participant, and made in such form and manner as the Sec-retary concerned may prescribe. Such an election shall be effective the first day of the first month following the month in which the election is received by the Secretary.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  Page 201, after line 11, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 626. REPORT REGARDING MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY COMMISSARIES AND EX-CHANGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port regarding management practices of military commissaries and exchanges. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under this section shall include a cost-benefit anal-ysis with the goals of— (1) reducing the costs of operating military commissaries and exchanges by $2,000,000,000 during fiscal years 2019 through 2023; and (2) not raising costs for patrons of military commissaries and exchanges. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 210, line 21, insert ‘‘, universities,’’ after ‘‘organizations’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
INDIANA  At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 704. MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF A CON-TINGENCY OPERATION. 
Section 1074m(a)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Until January 1, 2019, once’’ and inserting ‘‘Once’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, North Carolina’s Seventh Congressional Dis-trict is fortunate to have more than 63,000 veterans call it home. Unfortunately, many of these brave heroes encounter a variety of problems that require congressional action, whether through casework or legisla-tion, as is the case with my amend-ment tonight. Recently, a veteran battling Parkin-son’s disease contacted my office in a desperate attempt to modify the bene-ficiary for his survivor benefits plan. In this particular case, the veteran is fighting for his life, and because one currently can only make changes dur-ing open season, he is unable to change the beneficiary of his plan. My amend-ment will provide flexibility, via waiv-er, to veterans such as this gentleman who desire to change beneficiaries. I appreciate my colleagues’ support for this amendment so that terminally ill veterans are given the ability to up-date their survivor benefit plan as they wish, when they wish. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, last August, 10 U.S. Navy sailors were killed when the USS John S. McCain collided with a commercial tanker off the coast of Singapore. One of those sailors was Petty Officer Logan Palmer of Harristown, Illinois. Logan’s death was the first casualty from my district since I became a Member of Congress, and let me tell you, it is an experience no one prepares you for, and I pray no other family will have to go through it. While there is little we can do to les-son the grief of these families, we can ensure they don’t have to navigate a complicated bureaucracy. I was a little miffed to learn that, if the body of a servicemember who dies during non-combat operations is flown to Dover Air Force Base, we do not automati-cally arrange and cover the travel costs for their family like we would if that servicemember died in combat. This amendment requires the DOD to automatically arrange and cover travel for family of noncombat service deaths just as they do for combat operations, instead of making them get a waiver. An outside organization covered the cost for the Palmer family, but I think we can make this process easier and ensure these families are taken care of by including this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this en bloc package, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.051 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4569 May 22, 2018 
Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, and 54 printed in House Report 115–698, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle A of title VII, insert the following: 
SEC. 704. COUNSELING AND TREATMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS AND CHRONIC PAIN MANAGEMENT SERV-ICES FOR MEMBERS WHO SEPARATE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1145(a)(6)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subclause (I)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, substance use disorder,’’ after ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (3) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) chronic pain management services, including counseling and treatment of co-oc-curring mental health disorders and alter-natives to opioid analgesics; and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. BURN PATIENT TRANSFER SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense may develop a burn patient transfer system, including any required hardware and software, that would provide a platform for reporting immediate and surge bed availability and that would electronically match patient acuity with open beds at other military and civilian burn centers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MISS  
GONZA ´LEZ-COLO´N OF PUERTO RICO  Add at the end of subtitle C of title VII the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. STUDY ON THE TREATMENT OF TRICARE BENEFICIARIES WHO ARE RESIDENTS OF PUERTO RICO. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense, and with respect to members of the Coast Guard, in coordination with the Secretary of the De-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall conduct a study on the feasi-bility and effect of extending the eligibility to enroll in, and the coverage of, TRICARE Prime to members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico to the same degree that a covered bene-ficiary who resides in any of the several States may enroll in TRICARE Prime. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) The requirements, as of the date of the study, for a covered beneficiary to be eligible to enroll in the TRICARE program in Puerto Rico. (2) The number of— (A) covered beneficiaries who are enrolled in the TRICARE program who reside in Puerto Rico; and (B) such covered beneficiaries who would potentially enroll in TRICARE Prime if the Secretary extends TRICARE Prime as de-scribed in subsection (a). (3) The demographic distribution of cov-ered beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico. (4) The access of such covered beneficiaries to health care networks, including trauma care centers, as of the date of the study. (5) The quality of such health care net-works. (6) The costs and timeline requirements for extending TRICARE Prime as described in subsection (a). (7) The feasibility of using medical re-sources of the Department of Defense to cover gaps in service availability in Puerto Rico if such extension does not occur. (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the study under subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’, ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’, and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. STUDY ON HEALTH EFFECTS RELAT-ING TO ACTIVITY OF THE ARMED FORCES ON VIEQUES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port containing a study of the health effects of the live-fire training at Vieques Naval Training Range conducted by the Navy be-fore 2002 and other activities of the Armed Forces on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico. The study shall include a comprehensive analysis of the following: (1) The immediate health effects of such training and activity on the residents of Vieques. (2) The long-term health effects of such training and activity on the residents of Vieques. (3) The potential ongoing health effects caused by any contamination relating to such training and activity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . SMUCKER  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. STRATEGY TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN MENTAL HEALTH PROVIDERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that— (1) describes the shortage of mental health providers of the Department of Defense; (2) explains the reasons for such shortage; (3) explains the effect of such shortage on members of the Armed Forces; and (4) contains a strategy to better recruit and retain mental health providers, includ-ing with respect to psychiatrists, psycholo-gists, mental health nurse practitioners, li-censed social workers, and other licensed providers of the military health system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . JONES OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Add at the end of subtitle C of title VII the following new section: 
SEC. 7lll. STUDY ON EARNING BY SPECIAL OP-ERATIONS FORCES MEDICS OF CREDITS TOWARDS A PHYSICIAN AS-SISTANT DEGREE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing partnerships be-tween special operations forces and institu-tions of higher education, and health care systems if determined appropriate by the Secretary, through which special operations forces medics earn credit toward the mas-ter’s degree of physician assistant for mili-tary operational work and training per-formed by the medics. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The feasibility with respect to estab-lishing partnerships described in subsection (a) that permit medics to conduct clinical training at medical facilities of the Depart-ment of Defense and the civilian sector in order to meet the increasing demand for highly trained health care providers at such facilities. (2) How partnerships described in sub-section (a) will ensure that the evaluation of work and training performed by medics for which credits are earned comply with civil-ian clinical evaluation standards applicable to the awarding of master’s degrees of physi-cian assistant. (3) How the Secretary can leverage the physician assistant program at the Uni-formed Services University to coordinate such partnerships and assist with credits. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representative a report on the study under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 730. STUDY OF DRUG SHORTAGES AND IM-PACT ON MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS .—The Con-gress finds the following: (1) Shortages of critical medical drugs used for surgery and emergency care have in-creased significantly during 2017 and 2018. (2) Reports from physicians have identified critical drugs such as dilaudid, bupivacaine, morphine, and epinephrine as important commonly needed drugs in shortage. (3) Health care providers for the Armed Forces use the same drugs as civilian health care providers and are experiencing similar shortages in surgical facilities. (4) Such shortages could compromise the quality of care available to members of the Armed Forces. (b) S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study of shortages of drugs used in the surgical and emergency settings of mili-tary facilities— (1) to determine if the quality or safety of military health care has been compromised by such shortages; (2) to identify and examine supply chain issues related to the availability of drugs used for surgery and emergency care; and (3) to identify and examine the impact of shortages on care for military patients. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, and such other stakeholders as the Secretary considers rel-evant to the study, including physician orga-nizations and drug manufacturers. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress de-scribing the study under this section and set-ting forth any conclusions and recommenda-tions resulting from the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. PROVISION OF INFORMATION TO DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGARDING MHS GENESIS ELEC-TRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs a report detailing lessons learned by the Secretary of Defense with respect to successfully remedi-ating concerns found during the initial oper-ational testing and evaluation of the elec-tronic health record system known as MHS Genesis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.128 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4570 May 22, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  In subtitle C of title VII, insert the fol-lowing section: 
SEC. lll. REPORT REGARDING OPIOID PRE-VENTION AND TREATMENT FOR DE-PENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall prepare and submit a report to congressional defense committees regarding the actions the De-partment of Defense is taking to prevent and treat opioid use among the dependents of members of the Armed Forces. Such report shall include how information is shared be-tween military medical treatment facilities across the country, what counseling services are available to dependents and how such services are publicized, and a plan for inter-vention strategies to prevent opioid use and abuse. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . SMUCKER  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. MONITORING MEDICATION PRE-SCRIBING PRACTICES FOR THE TREATMENT OF POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate a report on the practices for prescribing medication dur-ing the period beginning January 1, 2012, and ending December 31, 2017, that were incon-sistent with the post-traumatic stress dis-order medication guidelines developed by the Department of Defense and the Veterans Health Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under this sub-section shall include the following: (A) A summary of the Army’s, the Navy’s, and the Air Force’s practices for prescribing medication during the period referred to in paragraph (1) that were inconsistent with the post-traumatic stress disorder medica-tion guidelines developed by the Department of Defense and the Veterans Health Adminis-tration. (B) Identification of medical centers serv-ing members of the Armed Forces found to having higher than average incidences of prescribing medication during the period re-ferred to in paragraph (1) that were incon-sistent with the post-traumatic stress dis-order guidelines. (C) A plan for such medical centers to re-duce the prescribing of medications that are inconsistent with the post-traumatic stress disorder guidelines. (D) A plan for ongoing monitoring of med-ical centers found to have higher than aver-age incidences of prescribing medication that were inconsistent with the post-trau-matic stress disorder guidelines by the De-partment of Defense and the Veterans Health Administration. (b) M
ONITORING PROGRAM .—Based on the findings of the report under subsection (a), the Secretaries of the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force shall each establish a moni-toring program carried out with respect to such branch of the Armed Forces shall pro-vide as follows: (1) The monitoring program shall provide for the conduct of periodic reviews, begin-ning October 1, 2019, of medication pre-scribing practices of its own providers. (2) The monitoring program shall provide for regular reports, beginning October 1, 2020, to the Department of Defense and the Vet-erans Health Administration, of the results of the periodic reviews pursuant to para-graph (1) of this subsection. (3) The monitoring program shall establish internal procedures, not later than October 1, 2020, to address practices for prescribing medication that are inconsistent with the post-traumatic stress disorder medication guidelines developed Department of Defense and the Veterans Health Administration. AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
INDIANA  In section 811, add at the end the following: (m) S
UBMISSION OF NOTICE AND PLAN TO  C
ONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days before re-organizing, restructuring, or eliminating any position or office specified in this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives notice of such reor-ganization, restructuring, or elimination to-gether with a plan to ensure that mission re-quirements are met and appropriate over-sight is conducted in carrying out such reor-ganization, restructuring, or elimination. Such plan shall address how user needs will be met and how associated roles and respon-sibilities will be accomplished for each posi-tion or office that the Secretary determines requiring reorganization, restructuring, or elimination. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle C of title VIII (page 355, after line 2) add the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 835. REVIEW OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATIONS ON COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS, COMMERCIAL SERVICES, AND COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF-THE-SHELF ITEMS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO EX-
EMPT CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS , C
OMMERCIAL SERVICES , AND COMMERCIALLY  A
VAILABLE OFF-THE-SHELF ITEMS FROM CER-
TAIN LAWS AND REGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— (1) review each determination of the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulatory Council pursu-ant to section 1906(b)(2), section 1906(c)(3), or section 1907(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code, not to exempt contracts or sub-contracts from laws which such contracts and subcontracts would otherwise be exempt from under section 1906(d) of title 41, United States Code; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation to provide an exemption from each law subject to such determination unless the Council determines that there is a specific reason not to provide the exemp-tions pursuant to section 1906 of such title or the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy determines there is a specific reason not to provide the exemption pursuant to section 1907 of such title. (b) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CONTRACT CLAUSE  R
EQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO COMMERCIAL  P
RODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES CON-
TRACTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— (1) review the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion to assess all regulations that require a specific contract clause for a contract using commercial product or commercial services acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, except for regulations required by law or Executive order; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation to eliminate regulations reviewed under paragraph (1) unless the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulatory Council deter-mines on a case-by-case basis that there is a specific reason not to eliminate the regula-tion. (c) E
LIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACT  C
LAUSE REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO COM-MERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF-THE-SHELF ITEM S
UBCONTRACTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— (1) review the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion to assess all regulations that require a prime contractor to include a specific con-tract clause in a subcontract for commer-cially available off-the-shelf items unless the inclusion of such clause is required by law or Executive order; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation to eliminate regulations reviewed under paragraph (1) unless the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulatory Council deter-mines on a case-by-case basis that there is a specific reason not to eliminate the regula-tion. At the end of title VIII (page 404, after line 21), add the following new sections: 
SEC. 881. PROMOTION OF THE USE OF GOVERN-MENT-WIDE AND OTHER INTER-AGENCY CONTRACTS. 
Section 865(b)(1) of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110-417; 31 U.S.C. 1535 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘that all interagency acqui-sitions—’’ and inserting ‘‘that—’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘all interagency assisted acquisitions’’ before ‘‘include’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (3) by striking subparagraph (B); and (4) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B), and in that subparagraph by inserting ‘‘all interagency assisted acqui-sitions’’ before ‘‘include’’. 
SEC. 882. INCREASING COMPETITION AT THE TASK ORDER LEVEL. 
Section 3306(c) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3),’’ in subparagraphs (B) and (C) after the subparagraph designa-tion; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR CERTAIN INDEFINITE  
DELIVERY , INDEFINITE QUANTITY MULTIPLE - 
AWARD CONTRACTS AND CERTAIN FEDERAL SUP -
PLY SCHEDULE CONTRACTS FOR SERVICES AC -
QUIRED ON AN HOURLY RATE .—If an executive agency issues a solicitation for one or more contracts for services to be acquired on an hourly rate basis under the authority of sec-tions 4103 and 4106 of this title or section 152(3) of this title and section 501(b) of title 40 and the executive agency intends to make a contract award to each qualifying offeror and the contract or contracts will feature in-dividually competed task or delivery orders based on hourly rates— ‘‘(A) the contracting officer need not con-sider price as an evaluation factor for con-tract award; and ‘‘(B) if, pursuant to subparagraph (A), price is not considered as an evaluation factor for contract award— ‘‘(i) the disclosure requirement of subpara-graph (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply; and ‘‘(ii) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance pursuant to sections 4106(c) and 152(3) of this title of any task or delivery order under any contract resulting from the solicitation. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In paragraph (3), the term ‘qualifying offeror’ means an offeror that— ‘‘(A) is determined to be a responsible source; ‘‘(B) submits a proposal that conforms to the requirements of the solicitation; ‘‘(C) meets all technical requirements; and ‘‘(D) is otherwise eligible for award.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.061 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4571 May 22, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, insert the following: 
SEC. 8ll. INDIVIDUAL ACQUISITION FOR COM-MERCIAL LEASING SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of sec-tion 863 of Public Law 110–417, an individual acquisition for commercial leasing services shall not be construed as a purchase of prop-erty or services if such individual acquisi-tion is made on a no cost basis and pursuant to a multiple award contract awarded in ac-cordance with requirements for full and open competition. (b) A
UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct biennial audits of the General Services Administration National Broker Contract to determine— (A) whether brokers selected under the program provide lower lease rental rates than rates negotiated by General Services Administration staff; and (B) the impact of the program on the length of time of lease procurements; (2) conduct a review of whether the appli-cation of section 863 of Public Law 110–417 to acquisitions for commercial leasing services resulted in rental cost savings for the Gov-ernment during the years in which such sec-tion was applicable prior to the date of en-actment of this section; and (3) not later than September 30, 2019, and September 30, 2021, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— (A) summarizes the results of the audit and review required by paragraphs (1) and (2); (B) includes an assessment of whether the National Broker Contract provides greater efficiencies and savings than the use of Gen-eral Services Administration staff; and (C) includes recommendations for improv-ing General Services Administration lease procurements. (c) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on December 31, 2022. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. SCORE. 
(a) SCORE R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 20 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SCORE P
ROGRAM .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1) such sums as are necessary for the Administrator to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements in a total amount that does not exceed $10,500,000 in each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. (b) SCORE P
ROGRAM .—Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘a Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE pro-gram described in subsection (c)’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) SCORE P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) SCORE 
ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘SCORE Association’ means the Service Corps of Retired Executives Association or any successor or other organization who re-ceives a grant from the Administrator to op-erate the SCORE program under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) SCORE PROGRAM .—The term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program author-ized by subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) M
ANAGEMENT AND VOLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide a grant to the SCORE Association to manage the SCORE program. ‘‘(B) V
OLUNTEERS .—A volunteer partici-pating in the SCORE program shall— ‘‘(i) based on the business experience and knowledge of the volunteer— ‘‘(I) provide at no cost to individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business con-cerns personal counseling, mentoring, and coaching relating to the process of starting, expanding, managing, buying, and selling a business; and ‘‘(II) facilitate low-cost education work-shops for individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns; and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, use tools, resources, and expertise of other organizations to carry out the SCORE program. ‘‘(3) P
LANS AND GOALS .—The Adminis-trator, in consultation with the SCORE As-sociation, shall ensure that the SCORE pro-gram and each chapter of the SCORE pro-gram develop and implement plans and goals to more effectively and efficiently provide services to individuals in rural areas, eco-nomically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved commu-nities, including plans for electronic initia-tives, web-based initiatives, chapter expan-sion, partnerships, and the development of new skills by volunteers participating in the SCORE program. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The SCORE Associa-tion shall submit to the Administrator an annual report that contains— ‘‘(A) the number of individuals counseled or trained under the SCORE program; ‘‘(B) the number of hours of counseling provided under the SCORE program; and ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the number of small business concerns formed with assistance from the SCORE pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns expanded with assistance from the SCORE program; and ‘‘(iii) the number of jobs created with as-sistance from the SCORE program. ‘‘(5) P
RIVACY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Neither the Adminis-trator nor the SCORE Association may dis-close the name, address, or telephone num-ber of any individual or small business con-cern receiving assistance from the SCORE Association without the consent of such in-dividual or small business concern, unless— ‘‘(i) the Administrator is ordered to make such a disclosure by a court in any civil or criminal enforcement action initiated by a Federal or State agency; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines such a disclosure to be necessary for the purpose of conducting a financial audit of the SCORE program, in which case disclosure shall be limited to the information necessary for the audit. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATOR USE OF INFORMATION .— This paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) restrict the access of the Adminis-trator to program activity data; or ‘‘(ii) prevent the Administrator from using client information to conduct client surveys. ‘‘(C) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, after the opportunity for notice and com-ment, establish standards for— ‘‘(I) disclosures with respect to financial audits under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(II) conducting client surveys, including standards for oversight of the surveys and for dissemination and use of client informa-tion. ‘‘(ii) MAXIMUM PRIVACY PROTECTION .—The standards issued under this subparagraph shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the maximum amount of privacy protec-tion.’’. (c) O
NLINE COMPONENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(6) O
NLINE COMPONENT .—In carrying out this subsection, the SCORE Association shall make use of online counseling, including by developing and implementing webinars and an electronic mentoring platform to expand access to services provided under this sub-section and to further support entre-preneurs.’’. (2) O
NLINE COMPONENT REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of fiscal year 2018, the SCORE Association shall issue a re-port to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate on the effectiveness of the online counseling and webinars required as part of the SCORE program, including— (i) how the SCORE Association determines electronic mentoring and webinar needs, de-velops training for electronic mentoring, es-tablishes webinar criteria curricula, and evaluates webinar and electronic mentoring results; (ii) describing the internal controls that are used and a summary of the topics cov-ered by the webinars; and (iii) performance metrics, including the number of small business concerns counseled by, the number of small business concerns created by, the number of jobs created and retained by, and the funding amounts di-rected towards such online counseling and webinars. (B) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)(1)). (d) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON THE FUTURE ROLE 
OF THE SCORE PROGRAM .— (1) S
TUDY .—The SCORE Association shall carry out a study on the future role of the SCORE program and develop a strategic plan for how the SCORE program will evolve to meet the needs of small business concerns and potential future small business concerns over the course of the 5 years following the date of enactment of this Act, with markers and specific objectives for year 1, year 3, and year 5. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the SCORE Associa-tion shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate con-taining— (A) all findings and determination made in carrying out the study required under para-graph (1); (B) the strategic plan developed under paragraph (1); (C) an explanation of how the SCORE Asso-ciation plans to achieve the strategic plan, assuming both stagnant and increased fund-ing levels. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)(1)). (e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.061 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4572 May 22, 2018 
(A) in section 7(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII) (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII)), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (B) in section 22 (15 U.S.C. 649)— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(12), by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘SCORE program’’. (2) O
THER LAWS .— (A) C
HILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2009 .—Section 621 of the Children’s Health Insurance Program Re-authorization Act of 2009 (15 U.S.C. 657p) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B));’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (B) E
NERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION  
ACT.—Section 337(d)(2)(A) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6307(d)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . ESPAILLAT  
OF NEW YORK  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. PROCUREMENT TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE CENTERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TO FORM ASSOCIATION .— Procurement Technical Assistance Centers are authorized to form an association to pur-sue matters of common concern. (b) R
ECOGNITION BY SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE .—If more than half of the Procure-ment Technical Assistance Centers which are operating pursuant to agreements with the Department of Defense are members of such an association, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) recognize the existence and activities of such an association; and (2) consult with it and develop docu-ments— (A) announcing the annual scope of activi-ties pursuant to this section, (B) requesting proposals to deliver assist-ance as provided in this section, and (C) governing the general operations and administration of the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Program, specifically in-cluding the development of regulations and a uniform negotiated cooperative agreement for use on an annual basis when entering into individual negotiated agreements with Procurement Technical Assistance Centers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of title VIII (page 404, after line 21), add the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. PROCUREMENT ADMINISTRATIVE LEAD TIME DEFINITION AND PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall develop, make available for pub-lic comment, and finalize— (1) a definition of the term ‘‘Procurement administrative lead time’’ or ‘‘PALT’’, to be applied Government-wide, that describes the amount of time from the date on which a so-licitation for a contract or task order is issued to the date of an initial award of the contract or task order; and (2) a plan for measuring and publicly re-porting data on PALT for Federal Govern-ment contracts and task orders in amounts greater than the simplified acquisition threshold. (b) REQUIREMENT FOR DEFINITION .—Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the amount of time in the definition of PALT de-veloped under subsection (a) shall— (1) begin on the date on which an initial so-licitation is issued by a Federal department or agency for a contract or task order; and (2) end on the date of the award of the con-tract or task order. (c) C
OORDINATION .—In developing the defi-nition of PALT, the Administrator shall co-ordinate with— (1) the senior procurement executives of Federal agencies; (2) the Secretary of Defense; and (3) the Administrator of the General Serv-ices Administration on modifying the exist-ing data system of the Federal Government to determine the date on which the initial solicitation is issued. (d) U
SE OF EXISTING PROCUREMENT DATA S
YSTEM .—In developing the plan for meas-uring and publicly reporting data on PALT required by subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, rely on the information contained in the Federal procurement data system estab-lished pursuant to section 1122(a)(4) of title 41, United States Code, including any modi-fications to that system. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no requests for time. I urge adop-tion of this en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, we have no speakers. I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 55, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, and 70 printed in House Report 115–698, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
OF TEXAS  In section 1004, strike ‘‘financial system’’ and insert ‘‘business system that contributes to financial information’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1005. REPORT ON AUDITABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report ranking all mili-tary departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include infor-mation otherwise available in other reports to Congress. AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY. 
(a) E DUCATION CAMPAIGN .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall carry out an annual education campaign to inform individuals who may be eligible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry of such eligi-bility. Each such campaign shall include at least one electronic method and one physical mailing method to provide such information. (b) A
IRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPENBURNPIT R
EGISTRY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under sec-tion 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. BRIEFING ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT IN ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEME-TERY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration and the Sec-retary of Defense should coordinate to— (1) prevent the flight of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Cemetery, to the maximum amount practical, in order to pre-serve the sacred atmosphere of the cemetery as a national shrine; and (2) restrict all flights of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Cemetery during the execution of funeral services, except in emergency situations, the execution of na-tional security operations, and unmanned aircraft flown at the request of the family participating in funeral services. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall jointly provide to the Committees on Armed Services, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committees on Armed Services, Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate a briefing on whether legislative action is re-quired to prevent low flying unmanned air-craft from disrupting funerals at Arlington National Cemetery. (c) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ has the meaning given such term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95). 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  Add at the end of subtitle F of title X the following: 
SEC. 1062. REPORT ON AN UPDATED ARCTIC STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT ON AN UPDATED STRATEGY .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating with respect to Coast Guard oper-ations and navigation issues, shall submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.061 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4573 May 22, 2018 
the congressional defense committees a re-port on an updated Arctic Strategy to im-prove and enhance joint operations. The re-port shall also include an assessment of Rus-sia’s aggressive buildup of military assets and infrastructure in the Arctic, as well as China’s efforts to influence Arctic policy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of a joint Arctic strategy for sea operations, including all military and Coast Guard vessels available for Arctic op-erations. (2) A description of a joint Arctic strategy for air operations, which will include all rotor and fixed wing military aircraft plat-forms available for Arctic operations. (3) A description of a joint Arctic strategy for ground operations, which will include all military ground forces available for Arctic operations. (4) An assessment of Russia’s continued ag-gressive buildup of military assets and infra-structure in the Arctic. (5) An assessment of China’s efforts to in-fluence global Arctic policy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. REPORT ON DESALINIZATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on desaliniza-tion technology’s application for defense and national security purposes to provide drought relief to areas impacted by sharp de-clines in water resources. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. COMPLIANCE WITH REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO RECIPROCITY OF SE-CURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DETERMINATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure the ex-pedited compliance of the Department of De-fense with section 3001(d) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (108–458; 50 U.S.C. 3341(d)). 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. ASSESSMENT REGARDING ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMPENSATION FOR COMPENSABLE DISEASES UNDER THE RADIATION EXPOSURE COM-PENSATION ACT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The National Cancer In-stitute and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall assess the application of probability of causation/assigned share (in this section referred to as ‘‘PC/AS’’) to deter-mine eligibility for compensation for com-pensable diseases under the Radiation Expo-sure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) in downwind populations in the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, and the possessions and territories of the United States. To carry out the assess-ment, the National Cancer Institute and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall, at a minimum— (1) complete the work begun in the late 1990s to develop dose estimates for downwind populations in such locations from fallout from nuclear weapons testing by the United States; and (2) estimate the portions of these down-wind populations that could become eligible for compensation compensable diseases under such Act for each of the following PC/ AS criteria: (A) Median PC/AS > 0.5. (B) PC/AS > 0.5 at the 80 percent credibility limit. (C) PC/AS > 0.5 at the 99 percent credibility limit. (b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Cancer Institute and the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall inform Congress of the time and resources required to carry out the as-sessment under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM OF  
CALIFORNIA  Add at the end of subtitle G of title X the following: 
SEC. 10ll. USE OF GI BENEFITS FOR AGRI-CULTURE-RELATED EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, shall provide guidance and re-sources for individuals interested in using educational benefits under chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, United States Code, for agriculture-related education pro-grams. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  At the end of title X add the following: 
SEC. ll. ARCTIC SURVIVAL TRAINING. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that in developing any Arctic survival cur-riculum, the Department of Defense shall en-gage with local indigenous communities for their traditional knowledge. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . YODER OF  
KANSAS  At the end of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR ELEC-TRONIC COMMUNICATIONS INFOR-MATION THAT IS STORED BY THIRD- PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS . 
(a) V OLUNTARY DISCLOSURE CORRECTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘while in electronic stor-age by that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is in electronic storage with or otherwise stored, held, or maintained by that service’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘to the public’’; (II) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘which is carried or main-tained on that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is stored, held, or maintained by that serv-ice’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘a provider of’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a person or entity providing’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘wire or electronic’’ before ‘‘communication’’; (ii) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) to an originator, addressee, or in-tended recipient of such communication, to the subscriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or maintains such communication, or to an agent of such ad-dressee, intended recipient, subscriber, or customer;’’; and (iii) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) with the lawful consent of the origi-nator, addressee, or intended recipient of such communication, or of the subscriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or maintains such communica-tion;’’; (C) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘wire or electronic’’ before ‘‘communications’’; (D) in each of subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (E) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) with the lawful consent of the sub-scriber or customer;’’. (b) AMENDMENTS TO REQUIRED DISCLOSURE  S
ECTION .—Section 2703 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC  C
OMMUNICATIONS IN ELECTRONIC STORAGE .— Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the dis-closure by a provider of electronic commu-nication service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in elec-tronic storage with or otherwise stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(1) is issued by a court of competent juris-diction; and ‘‘(2) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indi-cating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC  C
OMMUNICATIONS IN A REMOTE COMPUTING  S
ERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures de-scribed in the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-cedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(A) is issued by a court of competent ju-risdiction; and ‘‘(B) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indi-cating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) is appli-cable with respect to any wire or electronic communication that is stored, held, or main-tained by the provider— ‘‘(A) on behalf of, and received by means of electronic transmission from (or created by means of computer processing of commu-nication received by means of electronic transmission from), a subscriber or customer of such remote computing service; and ‘‘(B) solely for the purpose of providing storage or computer processing services to such subscriber or customer, if the provider is not authorized to access the contents of any such communications for purposes of providing any services other than storage or computer processing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.066 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4574 May 22, 2018 
‘‘(c) R ECORDS CONCERNING ELECTRONIC COM-
MUNICATION SERVICE OR REMOTE COMPUTING  S
ERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service of a record or other infor-mation pertaining to a subscriber to or cus-tomer of such service (not including the con-tents of wire or electronic communications), only— ‘‘(A) if a governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures de-scribed in the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-cedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(i) is issued by a court of competent juris-diction directing the disclosure; and ‘‘(ii) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity; ‘‘(B) if a governmental entity obtains a court order directing the disclosure under subsection (d); ‘‘(C) with the lawful consent of the sub-scriber or customer; or ‘‘(D) as otherwise authorized in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) S
UBSCRIBER OR CUSTOMER INFORMA -
TION.—A provider of electronic communica-tion service or remote computing service shall, in response to an administrative sub-poena authorized by Federal or State stat-ute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or any means available under paragraph (1), disclose to a governmental en-tity the— ‘‘(A) name; ‘‘(B) address; ‘‘(C) local and long distance telephone con-nection records, or records of session times and durations; ‘‘(D) length of service (including start date) and types of service used; ‘‘(E) telephone or instrument number or other subscriber or customer number or identity, including any temporarily assigned network address; and ‘‘(F) means and source of payment for such service (including any credit card or bank account number), of a subscriber or customer of such service. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE NOT REQUIRED .—A govern-mental entity that receives records or infor-mation under this subsection is not required to provide notice to a subscriber or cus-tomer.’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) or’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the contents of a wire or electronic communication, or’’; (C) by striking ‘‘sought,’’ and inserting ‘‘sought’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) N
OTICE .—Except as provided in section 2705, a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service may no-tify a subscriber or customer of a receipt of a warrant, court order, subpoena, or request under subsection (a), (b), (c), or (d) of this section. ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO  L
EGAL PROCESS .—Nothing in this section or in section 2702 shall limit the authority of a governmental entity to use an administra-tive subpoena authorized by Federal or State statute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or a warrant issued using the pro-cedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant pro-cedures) by a court of competent jurisdiction to— ‘‘(1) require an originator, addressee, or in-tended recipient of a wire or electronic com-munication to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) to the governmental entity; ‘‘(2) require a person or entity that pro-vides an electronic communication service to the officers, directors, employees, or agents of the person or entity (for the pur-pose of carrying out their duties) to disclose a wire or electronic communication (includ-ing the contents of that communication) to or from the person or entity itself or to or from an officer, director, employee, or agent of the entity to a governmental entity, if the wire or electronic communication is stored, held, or maintained on an electronic commu-nications system owned, operated, or con-trolled by the person or entity; or ‘‘(3) require a person or entity that pro-vides a remote computing service or elec-tronic communication service to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) that advertises or promotes a product or service and that has been made readily accessible to the general public. ‘‘(j) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO  C
ONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS .—Nothing in this section or in section 2702 shall limit the power of inquiry vested in the Congress by article I of the Constitution of the United States, including the authority to compel the production of a wire or electronic com-munication (including the contents of a wire or electronic communication) that is stored, held, or maintained by a person or entity that provides remote computing service or electronic communication service.’’. (c) D
ELAYED NOTICE .—Section 2705 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2705. Delayed notice ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A governmental entity acting under section 2703 may apply to a court for an order directing a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service to which a warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive under section 2703 is directed not to notify any other per-son of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—A court shall grant a request for an order made under subsection (a) for delayed notification of up to 180 days if the court determines that there is reason to believe that notification of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other di-rective will likely result in— ‘‘(1) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(2) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(3) destruction of or tampering with evi-dence; ‘‘(4) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(5) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an in-vestigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION .—Upon request by a gov-ernmental entity, a court may grant one or more extensions, for periods of up to 180 days each, of an order granted in accordance with subsection (b).’’. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or an amendment made by this section shall be construed to preclude the ac-quisition by the United States Government of— (1) the contents of a wire or electronic communication pursuant to other lawful au-thorities, including the authorities under chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or any other provision of Federal law not specifically amended by this section; or (2) records or other information relating to a subscriber or customer of any electronic communication service or remote computing service (not including the content of such communications) pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), or any other provision of Federal law not spe-cifically amended by this section. AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
OF MICHIGAN  Page 543, after line 5, insert the following: 
SEC. 1086. LESSONS LEARNED AND BEST PRAC-TICES ON PROGRESS OF GENDER IN-TEGRATION IMPLEMENTATION IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall direct each component of the Armed Forces to share les-sons learned and best practices on the progress of their gender integration imple-mentation plans and to communicate strate-gically that progress with other components of the Armed Forces as well as the general public, as recommended by the Defense Advi-sory Committee on Women in the Services. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 543, insert after line 5 the following: 
SEC. 1086. REPORT ON READINESS OF NATIONAL GUARD TO RESPOND TO NATURAL DISASTERS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report analyzing the readiness of the National Guard and Reserve to respond to natural disasters. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  Page 579, line 11, strike ‘‘$350,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$200,000,000’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
OF LOUISIANA  At the end of section 1221, add the fol-lowing new subsection: (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have made, and continue to make, significant contributions to the United States-led campaign to degrade, dis-mantle, and ultimately defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in Iraq; (2) a lasting defeat of ISIS is critical to maintaining a stable and tolerant Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are af-forded equal protection and full integration into the Government and society of Iraq; and (3) in support of counter-ISIS operations and in conjunction with the Central Govern-ment of Iraq, the United States should pro-vide the Ministry of Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq $290,000,000 in oper-ational sustainment, so that the Peshmerga forces can more effectively partner with the Iraqi Security Forces, the United States, and other international Coalition members to consolidate gains, hold territory, and protect infrastructure from ISIS and its affiliates in an effort to deal a lasting defeat to ISIS and prevent its reemergence in Iraq. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED  
BY MR . THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment No. 55 in House Report 115–698 be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00288 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.066 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4575 May 22, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 55 of-fered by Mr. C
ONAWAY of Texas: 
The amendment as modified is as follows: Page 441, line 13, strike ‘‘financial system’’ and insert ‘‘business system that contributes to financial information’’. 
Mr. THORNBERRY (during the read-ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the modi-fication be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no requests for time for this en bloc package. I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I, too, have no requests for time, urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The en bloc amendments, as modi-fied, were agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 56 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 5 consisting of amendment Nos. 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, and 86 printed in House Report 115–698, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of section 1221, add the fol-lowing: (c) Q
UARTERLY PROGRESS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate a progress report under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, which shall be provided in unclas-sified form with a classified annex if nec-essary. Such progress report shall, based on the most recent quarterly information, in-clude an assessment of the following: (A) The incorporation of violent extremist organizations and organizations with asso-ciation to the Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) into the Iraq military. (B) The level of access violent extremist organizations and organizations with asso-ciation to the IRGC have to United States- provided equipment and training. (C) United States-provided equipment that is controlled by unauthorized end users, de-termined by vetting required in subsection (e) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or is not accounted for by the Government of Iraq, in-cluding a detailed inventory of each equip-ment type provided to the Government of Iraq. (D) Actions taken by the Government of Iraq to repossess United States-provided equipment from unauthorized end users. (2) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 587, after line 17, insert the following: (A) should identify specific countries in which Iran and Iranian-backed entities are operating; Page 587, line 18, strike ‘‘(A)’’ and insert ‘‘(B)’’. Page 588, line 6, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 588, after line 9, insert the following: (viii) assessing Iran’s destabilizing activi-ties in the countries identified under sub-paragraph (A) and the implications thereof; and Page 588, line 10, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and insert ‘‘(C)’’. Page 588, line 15, strike ‘‘(A)’’ and insert ‘‘(B)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON IRANIAN SUPPORT OF PROXY FORCES IN SYRIA AND LEB-ANON. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report that describes Iranian support of proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon and assesses the increased threat posed to Israel, other United States regional allies, and other spec-ified interests of the United States as a re-sult of such support. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, information relating to the following matters with respect to both the strategic and tactical implications for the United States and its allies: (1) A description of arms or related mate-rial transferred by Iran to Hizballah since March 2011, including the number of such arms or related material and whether such transfer was by land, sea, or air, as well as fi-nancial and additional technological capa-bilities transferred by Iran to Hizballah. (2) A description of Iranian and Iranian- controlled personnel, including Hizballah, Shiite militias, and Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps forces, operating within Syria, including the number and geographic dis-tribution of such personnel operating within 30 kilometers of the Israeli borders with Syria and Lebanon. (3) An assessment of Hizballah’s oper-ational lessons learned based on its recent experiences in Syria. (4) A description of the threat posed to Israel and other United States partners in the Middle East by the transfer of arms or related material or other support offered to Hizballah and other proxies from Iran. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘arms or related material’’ means— (1) nuclear, biological, chemical, or radio-logical weapons or materials or components of such weapons; (2) ballistic or cruise missile weapons or materials or components of such weapons; (3) destabilizing numbers and types of ad-vanced conventional weapons; (4) defense articles or defense services, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, of section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794); (5) defense information, as that term is de-fined in section 644 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2403); or (6) items designated by the President for purposes of the United States Munitions List under section 38(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778(a)(1)). AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE LACK OF AUTHORIZATION FOR THE USE OF THE ARMED FORCES AGAINST IRAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that the use of the Armed Forces against Iran is not author-ized by this Act or any other Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to authorize the use of the Armed Forces of the United States against Iran. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MS . LEE OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and by January 15 of every year thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the progress made by the Government of Af-ghanistan in achieving the security-sector benchmarks as outlined by the United States-Afghan Compact, otherwise known as the Kabul Compact. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile program of Iran represents a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East and Eu-rope, members of the Armed Forces deployed in the those regions, and ultimately the United States; (2) the testing and production by Iran of ballistic missiles capable of carrying a nu-clear device is a clear violation of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions, which were unanimously adopted by the international community; (3) Iran currently maintains the largest in-ventory of ballistic missiles in the Middle East; (4) according to the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, Iran’s ballistic mis-siles are inherently capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence judges they would be used as Iran’s ‘‘pre-ferred method of delivering nuclear weapons, if it builds them’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00289 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.131 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4576 May 22, 2018 
(5) Director of National Intelligence Coats additionally asserts ‘‘Tehran’s desire to deter the United States might drive it to field an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM)’’ and ‘‘progress on Iran’s space pro-gram could shorten a pathway to an ICBM because space launch vehicles use similar technologies’’; and (6) the Government of the United States should impose tough primary and secondary sanctions against any sector of the economy of Iran or any Iranian person that directly or indirectly supports the ballistic missile pro-gram of Iran as well as any foreign person or financial institution that engages in trans-actions or trade that support that program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REINSTATEMENT OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES-HONG KONG RELA-TIONS. 
Section 301 of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and in-serting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— Not later than’’; (B) by striking ‘‘March 31, 1993’’ and all that follows through ‘‘March 31, 2006’’ and in-serting ‘‘March 31, 2019, and annually there-after through 2024’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the Speaker of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form and shall be published on a publicly available website of the Department of State.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal depart-ments and agencies, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes a description of any ongoing or planned efforts of the Department of State with respect to each of the following: (1) Resuming the repatriation from North Korea of members of the United States Armed Forces missing or unaccounted for during the Korean War. (2) Reuniting Korean Americans with their relatives in North Korea. (3) Assessing the security risks posed by travel to North Korea for United States citi-zens. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MS . LEE OF  
CALIFORNIA  Add at the end of subtitle E of title XII the following new section: SEC. lll. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARD-ING USE OF FORCE AGAINST NORTH KOREA. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of force against North Korea. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of force against North Korea. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. MODIFICATION OF FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1275 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2540), as amended by section 1262(a)(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1689), is further amended by striking ‘‘the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE ROLE OF THE UNITED STATES IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that continued United States leadership in the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization is critical to the na-tional security of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
OF MARYLAND  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND REAFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION (NATO). 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On April 4, 1949, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) was founded with the ideals of democracy, individual lib-erty, and the desire for peaceful resolutions of disputes. (2) For over six decades, NATO has been a successful intergovernmental political and military alliance. (3) NATO’s collective defense acts as a de-terrent to aggression where the alliance de-fends its Allied countries against external security threats. (4) NATO strengthens the security of the United States by utilizing an integrated military coalition. (5) While Russia has continued to threaten the sovereignty of countries in Europe and exhibit threatening behavior toward our own military assets, NATO sends a clear collec-tive message that the Alliance will not tol-erate Russia’s provocation. (6) In respect to the changing threats against Europe and the United States since the end of the Cold War, NATO has evolved to take on new dangers including terrorism, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and cyber attacks. (7) After the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States, NATO invoked Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for the first time in NATO’s history to deploy military resources to Afghanistan in support of the United States mission to combat a dangerous terrorist threat. (8) NATO aided the United States military by leading the International Security Assist-ance Force in Afghanistan from August 2003 to 2014, working with Afghan authorities to respond to the terrorist insurgency and to provide effective security across the country. (9) NATO continues a civilian-led presence in Afghanistan to strengthen Afghan secu-rity forces and institutions to ensure the country can rebuild its security operations and end safe haven for terrorists. (10) In November 2002 at the Prague Sum-mit, NATO leaders adopted a Prague package to adapt NATO to the challenge of com-bating terrorism which included a Military Concept for Defense against Terrorism, a Partnership Action Plan against Terrorism, missile defense, cyber defense, and enhanced intelligence sharing. (11) In November 2006 at the Riga Summit, NATO declared that ‘‘terrorism, increasingly global in scope and lethal in results, and the spread of weapons of mass destruction are likely to be the principal threats to the Alli-ance over the next 10 to 15 years’’. (12) In July 2016 at the Warsaw Summit, NATO leaders agreed to strengthen the Alli-ance’s military presence in Eastern Europe, declared Initial Operational Capability of NATO’s Ballistic Missile Defense to strengthen the defense of Allied countries against ballistic missiles, and recognized cyberspace as a new operational domain. (13) The attacks in Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Istanbul, Turkey; Manchester, England; Barcelona, Spain; and Brussels, Belgium, home of the NATO Headquarters, shows the importance of an international al-liance to combat terrorist groups. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States reaffirms its commit-ment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) as the foundation of trans-atlantic security and defense; (2) NATO serves as a critical coalition in preserving peace and stability in the trans-atlantic region; (3) NATO’s continued effort to develop new capabilities and technologies to combat ter-rorism and a changing international security environment are crucial to enhancing na-tional security and strengthening the United States ability to combat evolving security threats; and (4) the United States encourages each NATO member country to meet or exceed the commitment to spend two percent of its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on defense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO INCREASES IN DEFENSE CAPABILI-TIES OF UNITED STATES ALLIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent, in furtherance of increased unity, equi-table sharing of the common defense burden, and international stability, should— (1) encourage all member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (‘‘NATO allies’’) to fulfill their commitments to lev-els and composition of defense expenditures as agreed upon at the NATO 2014 Wales Sum-mit and NATO 2016 Warsaw Summit; (2) call on NATO allies to finance, equip, and train their armed forces to fulfill their national and regional security interests; and (3) recognize NATO allies that are meeting their defense spending commitments or oth-erwise providing adequately for their na-tional and regional security interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00290 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.060 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4577 May 22, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . GOHMERT  
OF TEXAS  Add at the end of subtitle F of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON THREATS BY THE MUS-LIM BROTHERHOOD. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Muslim Brotherhood is a threat to the United States. (b) S
TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President and the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that contains an assessment of the threats posed to the United States by the Muslim Brotherhood. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the origins of the Mus-lim Brotherhood. (B) A description of the strategic aims of the Muslim Brotherhood. (C) A description of the tactical methods of the Muslim Brotherhood. (D) A description of the funding sources of the Muslim Brotherhood. (E) A description of the leadership struc-tures of the Muslim Brotherhood. (F) Any other matters the President and Secretary of Defense consider appropriate. (3) F
ORM.—The required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers. I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 905, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 6 consisting of amendment Nos. 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, and 103 printed in House Report 115–698, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . WALZ ON  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT BY DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ON CERTAIN MILITARY CA-PABILITIES OF CHINA AND RUSSIA. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense and the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on the mili-tary capabilities of the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the military of China and the military of Russia, the following: (1) An update on the presence, status, and capability of the military with respect to any national training centers similar to the Combat Training Center Program of the United States. (2) An analysis of a readiness deployment cycle of the military, including— (A) as compared to such a cycle of the United States; and (B) an identification of metrics used in the national training centers of that military. (3) A comprehensive investigation into the capability and readiness of the mechanized logistics of the army of the military, includ-ing— (A) an analysis of field maintenance, sustainment maintenance, movement con-trol, intermodal operations, and supply; and (B) how such functions under subparagraph (A) interact with specific echelons of that military. (4) An assessment of the future of mecha-nized army logistics of that military. (c) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—The De- fense Intelligence Agency may make use of or add to any existing reports completed by the Agency in order to respond to the report-ing requirement. (d) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. (e) B
RIEFING .—The Director shall provide a briefing to the Secretary and the commit-tees specified in subsection (a) on the report under such subsection. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO COMBAT BOKO HARAM IN NIGERIA AND THE LAKE CHAD BASIN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns the ongoing violence and the systematic gross human rights viola-tions against the people of Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin carried out by Boko Haram; (2) expresses its support for the people of Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin who wish to live in a peaceful, economically pros-perous, and democratic region; and (3) calls on the President to support Nige-rian, Lake Chad Basin, and international community efforts to ensure accountability for crimes against humanity committed by Boko Haram against the people of Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin, particularly the young girls kidnapped from Chibok and other internally displaced persons affected by the actions of Boko Haram. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Attorney General shall joint-ly submit to Congress a report on efforts to combat Boko Haram in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of initiatives undertaken by the Department of Defense to assist the Government of Nigeria and countries in the Lake Chad Basin to develop capacities to de-ploy special forces to combat Boko Haram. (B) A description of United States activi-ties to enhance the capacity of Nigeria and countries in the Lake Chad Basin to inves-tigate and prosecute human rights violations perpetrated against the people of Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin by Boko Haram, al- Qaeda affiliates, and other terrorist organi-zations, in order to promote respect for rule of law in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON INTERFERENCE IN LIBYA BY MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF OTHER FOREIGN NA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on the mili-tary activities of external actors in Libya, including Russia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall also include the following: (1) An assessment of military, security, and influence activities by foreign countries in Libya, including— (A) actions that violate or seek to violate the United Nations arms embargo on Libya imposed pursuant to United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 1970 (2011); (B) actions outside the scope of such Reso-lution that seek to increase the relative strength of either the eastern or western co-alition in Libya, including through financ-ing, policy coordination, or political support; (C) the extent to which the actions de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and (B) involve United States-origin equipment and violate contractual conditions of acceptable use of such equipment; (2) An assessment of whether the actions described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) have undermined the United Nations-led and United States-supported ne-gotiations or the objective of political rec-onciliation and stabilization in Libya. (3) An assessment of Russian influence in Libya and Egypt, including: (A) Russian efforts to provide logistical, material or political assistance to Libyan parties, establish a military presence, and expand political influence in Libya, and any facilitation by Egyptian officers or officials for such activities; (B) whether the presence and activities of Russian personnel and equipment in Libya and Egypt, and Russian requests to establish bases in Egypt, pose or could pose a future challenge to the United States’ ability to op-erate in Egypt, Libya, or the southern Medi-terranean broadly, including overflight privileges; and (C) whether Egypt is facilitating Russian influence and materiel-provision in Libya and the extent to which such facilitation un-dermines United States policy, involves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00291 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.060 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4578 May 22, 2018 
United States-origin equipment, and violates contractual conditions of acceptable use of such equipment. (4) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of State determine to be relevant. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  Add at the end of subtitle F of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING BUILDING AN INTERNATIONAL COA-LITION TO COUNTER HYBRID THREATS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is stronger and more effective when we work with our partners and allies abroad; (2) the United States should lead an inter-national effort of like-minded democracies to build awareness of and resilience to the Kremlin’s malign influence operations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Paragraph (22) of section 1202(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1261 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1688), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘activities in the South China Sea’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘activities— ‘‘(A) in the South China Sea; ‘‘(B) in the East China Sea, including in the vicinity of the Senkaku islands; and ‘‘(C) in the Indian Ocean region.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  In section 1685, add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the sub-mission of the National Intelligence Esti-mate required under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall report to Congress on efforts of the Department of Defense to deter such interference. Such report shall describe and assess any actions taken by the Depart-ment, including cooperation with other Fed-eral agencies and other countries to deter such interference.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON SPACE LAUNCH LOCATIONS. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on space launch locations, including with respect to the development and capac-ity of existing and new locations, and the vulnerabilities of the use of existing coastal locations and new locations. The study shall, at a minimum— (1) identify how additional locations affect the capability of the Department of Defense to rapidly reconstitute and improve resil-ience for defense satellite system launches; (2) identify the capacities and vulnerabilities of current and new space launch locations, in light of the rapid in-crease in using commercial space services to support national security space missions and military requirements; (3) identify partnerships within State gov-ernment-owned and -operated spaceports that should be developed to increase launch capacities and enhance the space resiliency of the United States; (4) provide recommendations on strategic placement for future space launch sites to mitigate vulnerabilities presented by coastal launch sites; and (5) identify costs associated with addi-tional locations and whether such costs should be borne by the Department of De-fense, State governments, or private enti-ties. (b) SELECTION .—The Secretary may not enter into the contract under subsection (a) with a federally funded research and develop-ment center for which the Air Force Space Command or the Launch Centers of the Na-tional Aeronautical and Space Administra-tion is a sponsor. (c) S
UBMISSION TO DOD.—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and devel-opment center shall submit to the Secretary a report containing the study conducted under subsection (a). (d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the report under subsection (a), without change. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. INCLUSION OF COMPUTER PRO-GRAMMING AND CYBERSECURITY IN CURRICULUM OF JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS. 
Section 2031(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, de-termine the curriculum of the program, which shall include, at minimum, instruc-tion in the subjects of cybersecurity and computer programming.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM SCHOLAR-SHIPS AND GRANTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘In the selection’’ the following: ‘‘(a) C
ENTERS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE IN  C
YBER EDUCATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-
CATION .—In the selection of a recipient for the award of a scholarship or grant under this chapter, consideration shall be given to whether— ‘‘(1) in the case of a scholarship, the insti-tution of higher education at which the re-cipient pursues a degree is an institution de-scribed in section 371(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)); and ‘‘(2) in the case of a grant, the recipient is an institution described in such section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-tion 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 112 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2200c and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 16ll. REPORT ON TRANSITION OF SHARKSEER PROGRAM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that assesses the transition of base operations of the SharkSeer program to the Defense Informa-tion Systems Agency, including with respect to staffing, acquisition, contracts, sensor management, and the ability to conduct cyber threat analyses and advanced malware. The report shall include a spending roadmap and areas that need increased fund-ing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY AP-PRENTICE PROGRAM. 
Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the feasibility of establishing a Cybersecurity Apprentice Program to support on-the-job training for certain cybersecurity positions and facili-tate the acquisition of cybersecurity certifi-cations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 877, insert after line 9 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding provisions accordingly): 
SEC. 2822. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION AND FUTURE CONVEYANCE OF PORTION OF FORMER MARE ISLAND FIRING RANGE, VALLEJO, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) R ESTORATION REQUIRED AS RESULT OF  P
REVIOUS REMEDIATION .—As soon as prac-ticable, the Secretary of the Navy shall take such steps as may be required to fill in de-pressions in the Mare Island property which resulted from environmental remediation carried out by the Department of the Navy prior to the date of the enactment of this section. (b) M
ITIGATION OF WETLANDS .— (1) M
ETHOD OF MITIGATION .—If the refilling of wetlands on the Mare Island property re-quires mitigation, the Secretary of the Navy shall conduct such mitigation in accordance with relevant Federal, State and local envi-ronmental laws. (2) C
OORDINATION OVER CERTAIN PORTION OF  
PROPERTY .—To the extent that the refilling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00292 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.059 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4579 May 22, 2018 
of wetlands on the Mare Island property re-quires mitigation on any portion of such property which is subject to a reversionary interest of the State of California, the Sec-retary shall coordinate with the California State Lands Commission to determine how to best meet the regulatory requirements ap-plicable to the mitigation of such wetlands. (c) R
EPORT ON COMPLIANCE AND FUTURE  C
ONVEYANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the process by which the Sec-retary plans to meet the requirements of subsections (a) and (b), as well as a proposal by the Secretary to convey the Mare Island property (or some portion thereof) to the State of California or units of local govern-ment in the State of California. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the ‘‘Mare Island property’’ is the parcel of real prop-erty consisting of approximately 48 acres lo-cated within the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard which was formerly used as a firing range by the Department of the Navy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . KINZINGER  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 882, insert after line 22 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding provisions accordingly): 
SEC. 2823. MODIFICATION OF CONDITIONS ON LAND CONVEYANCE, JOLIET ARMY AMMUNITION PLANT, ILLINOIS. 
Section 2922(c) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (division B of Public Law 104–106; 110 Stat. 605), as amended by section 2842 of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2000 (division B of Public Law 106– 65; 113 Stat. 863) and section 2838 of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3710), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) The conveyance’’ and inserting ‘‘The conveyance’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . 
CULBERSON OF TEXAS  Page 937, insert after line 12 the following new section: 
SEC. 2845. BATTLESHIP PRESERVATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished within the Department of the Inte-rior a grant program for the preservation of our nation’s most historic battleships. (b) U
SE OF GRANTS .—Amounts received through grants under this section shall be used for the preservation of our nation’s most historic battleships in a manner that is self-sustaining and has an educational com-ponent. (c) C
RITERIA FOR ELIGIBILITY .—To be eligi-ble for a grant under this section, an entity shall— (1) submit an application under procedures prescribed by the Secretary; (2) match the amount of the grant, on a 1- to-1 basis, with non-Federal assets from non- Federal sources, which may include cash or durable goods and materials fairly valued as determined by the Secretary; (3) maintain records as may be reasonably necessary to fully disclose— (A) the amount and the disposition of the proceeds of the grant; (B) the total cost of the project for which the grant is made; and (C) other records as may be required by the Secretary, including such records as will fa-cilitate an effective accounting for project funds; and (4) provide access to the Secretary for the purposes of any required audit and examina-tion of any books, documents, papers, and records of the entity. (d) MOSTHISTORIC BATTLESHIP DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘most historic bat-tleship’’ means a battleship that is— (1) between 75 and 115 years old; (2) listed on the National Register of His-toric Places; and (3) located within the State for which it was named. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—The authorities contained in this section shall be in addition to, and shall not be construed to supercede or modify those contained in the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470–470x- 6). (f) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No Federal funds made available to carry out this section may be used to acquire any real property, or any in-terest in any real property, without the writ-ten consent of the owner (or owners) of that property or interest in property. (2) N
O DESIGNATION .—The authority grant-ed by this section shall not constitute a Fed-eral designation or have any effect on pri-vate property ownership. (g) S
UNSET .—The authority to make grants under this section expires on September 30, 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle C of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING URA-NIUM MINING AND NUCLEAR TEST-ING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear testing carried out dur-ing the Cold War. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . TIPTON OF  
COLORADO  After section 3401, insert the following: 
SECTION 3402. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN PAY-MENTS FROM CALCULATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 PILT PAYMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘covered payment’’ means a payment to a unit of gen-eral local government for fiscal year 2018 from amounts deposited in the Treasury dur-ing the period of time beginning on Novem-ber 18, 1997, and ending on August 7, 2008, from a lease issued under section 7439(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, and distributed to the unit of general local government in accordance with the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.). (2) P
AYMENT LAW .—The term ‘‘payment law’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 6903(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code. (3) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— The term ‘‘unit of general local government’’ has the meaning given the term in section 6901 of title 31, United States Code. (b) C
ALCULATION OF PILT PAYMENT  A
MOUNT .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in calculating the amount of a payment to be made to a unit of general local government for fiscal year 2019 under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of the Interior shall not consider a covered payment to be an amount received by the unit of general local government in the prior fiscal year under a payment law for purposes of section 6903(b)(1)(A) of that title. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the appropriate place in the bill, insert the following new section: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF BOUNDARIES OF WHITE SANDS NATIONAL MONU-MENT AND WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) MISSILE RANGE .—The term ‘‘missile range’’ means the White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, administered by the Secretary of the Army. (2) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘monument’’ means the White Sands National Monument, New Mexico, established by Presidential Proclamation No. 2025 (16 U.S.C. 431 note), dated January 18, 1933, and administered by the Secretary. (3) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—The term ‘‘Public Land Order’’ means Public Land Order 833, dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘mili-tary munitions’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(e)(4) of title 10, United States Code. (6) M
UNITIONS DEBRIS .—The term ‘‘muni-tions debris’’ means remnants of military munitions remaining after munitions use, demilitarization, or disposal. (b) T
RANSFERS OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURIS-
DICTION .— (1) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in subparagraph (B) is transferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary. (B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) is the land gen-erally depicted as ‘‘Transfer DOA to NPS (National Park Service)’’ on the map titled ‘‘White Sands National Monument (WHSA) & White Sands Missile Range (WSMR) New Proposed White Sands National Monument Boundary’’, created April 20, 2018, com-prising— (i) approximately 2,826 acres of land within the monument that is under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army; and (ii) approximately 5,766 acres of land with-in the missile range that is abutting the monument. (2) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in subparagraph (B) is transferred from the Secretary to the Secretary of the Army. (B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) is the approxi-mately 3,737 acres of land within the monu-ment abutting the missile range, as gen-erally depicted on the map described in para-graph (1)(B) as ‘‘Transfer NPS to DOA (De-partment of the Army)’’. (c) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATIONS .— (1) M
ONUMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Following transfers in subsection (b), the boundary of the monu-ment is modified as generally depicted as ‘‘New Proposed WHSA Boundary’’ on the map described in subsection (b)(1)(B). (B) M
AP.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Army, shall prepare and keep on file for public inspection a map and legal description depicting the re-vised boundary of the monument. (ii) E
FFECT .—The map and legal descrip-tion shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Sec-retary may correct clerical and typo-graphical errors in the legal description and map. (2) M
ISSILE RANGE .—The Public Land Order is modified to exclude the land transferred to the Secretary under subsection (b)(1) and to include the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under subsection (b)(1). (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2854 of Public Law 104–201 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note) is repealed. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00293 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.059 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4580 May 22, 2018 
(1) M ONUMENT .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the land transferred under sub-section (b)(1) in accordance with laws (in-cluding regulations) applicable to the monu-ment. (2) M
ISSILE RANGE .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary of the Army shall admin-ister the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under subsection (b)(2) as part of the missile range. (3) F
ENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall continue to allow the Secretary to maintain the fence shown on the map de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(B) until such time as the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the management of the monument. (B) R
EMOVAL .—If the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the man-agement of the monument under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall promptly re-move the fence at the expense of the Depart-ment of the Interior. (4) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS AND MUNITIONS DE -
BRIS.— (A) R
ESPONSE ACTION .—With respect to any Federal liability, the Secretary of the Army shall remain responsible for any response ac-tion addressing military munitions or muni-tions debris on the land transferred under subsection (b)(1) to the same extent as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (B) A
CCESS .—At the request of the Sec-retary and subject to available appropria-tions, the Secretary of the Army shall have access to the land transferred under sub-section (b)(1) for the purposes of conducting investigations of military munitions or mu-nitions debris on the transferred land. (C) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—Any activities un-dertaken under this subsection shall be car-ried out in accordance with the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 905, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers for this en bloc pack-age. I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I, too, urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee) having assumed the chair, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. NATIONAL MARITIME DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the opportunity to take a few minutes here on the floor to dis-cuss, really, something that follows along from the last couple of hours where we have been discussing national defense issues. The $708 billion that is going to be spent in the National Defense Author-ization Act by the Department of De-fense is extremely important, and there are many parts of that National Defense Authorization Act that are worthy of discussion. One thing that was not discussed here on the floor but was taken up in committee over the last several hear-ings was the ability of the military to actually be able to deliver materiel, supplies, in the case of a major con-flict. Do we have the ability to deliver the follow-on equipment necessary should a major conflict break out somewhere in the world? The answer is, no, we don’t. And the reason is that the American maritime industry has dwindled over the last several decades. In the 1980s, we had about 240 Amer-ican-built and American flagships with mariners, captains, engineers and sea-men and -women on those ships capable of providing the necessary support for the military sealift command. Today, we have about 80 American-flagged ships with American seamen on those ships. b2000 The mariners are in short supply. TRANSCOM, responsible for moving the personnel as well as the equipment that the military needs somewhere in the world, estimates—as well as the MARAD indicate that we are some 1,800 mariners short of the minimum necessary to man and personnel the ships to move the equipment some-where in the world. This is a major national defense issue not really taken up and discussed in the NDAA. So what are we going to do about it? Can our shipyards actually produce the necessary ships for the American mili-tary? The answer is: not now, but they need to. In the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, there is a section that calls for the construction of the ships—actu-ally, construction by foreign shipyards. It seems strange that we would find what was once one of the great mari-time nations, the United States, in such a quandary that we do not have the personnel or the ships to be able to move our national defense. There is something we can do about this, and it is not directly in the area of the Department of Defense, although it is tangential and, therefore, impor-tant to our national defense. It seems that over the last decade we have become an energy-producing Na-tion. With the fracking and other tech-niques, we are now actually an ex-porter of oil and natural gas. This is part of the energy revolution that is taking place in the United States. That oil and natural gas is a stra-tegic national asset, as is the United States Department of Defense—the Navy, the Army, the Air Force, the Marines, and the Coast Guard. If we are to maintain our ability to defend this Nation and to conduct mili-tary operations anywhere in the world, we have to have a strong maritime in-dustry. If we consider for a moment the com-bination of that strategic necessity of the maritime industry, the strategic benefit that comes from the production of natural gas and oil, and the eco-nomic value of exporting natural gas and oil, we can come to what we call a solution. The solution is to take a very small percentage of the production or the ex-port of natural gas, LNG, and oil and require that it be exported, trans-ported, on American-built ships, Amer-ican flagged, with American mariners. We call this the Energizing American Shipbuilding Act. It was introduced yesterday, and we announced it in a press conference earlier today. Joining me at that press conference was Senator R
OGER WICKER , who will be carrying the bill on the Senate side; the chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, D
UNCAN HUNTER ; a member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services, D
ONALD  N
ORCROSS ; and a member of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure’s Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, A
LANLOWENTHAL ; together with mem-bers of the industry: the Shipbuilders Council, VT Halter Marine out of Mis-sissippi, the representatives of the maritime unions that work on the ships and unions that work in the ship-yards. We are prepared to move this bill. Let me tell you what it will do if we are successful in passing the Ener-gizing American Shipbuilding Act. What we will do and what America will do is build ships once again. It is anticipated that, if we start with 1 per-cent of the LNG that is exported, over the next 15 to 20 years we will build some 23 LNG ships. If we ramp that up to a full 15 percent, we will be building those LNG carriers. Similarly, if we begin at a very small percentage of the oil that is exported, we will build another 30 LNG tankers. In the course of some 15 to 20 years, we will be able to build some 50 ships in American shipyards, providing thou-sands of jobs not only in the shipyards but in the supply of engines, pumps, pipes, electronic equipment, and fit-tings of all kinds. And, of course, the steel industry that would be providing the steel for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00294 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.059 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4581 May 22, 2018 
these ships would also be playing a major part. Now, do keep in mind that this is a very, very small part of the total num-ber of LNG vessels that are going to be needed. It is anticipated that just to supply the necessary transport for American LNG some 225 LNG vessels would be built. We would be looking at a very small percentage of those that would be built here in the United States. Nonetheless, that would rep-resent a major part and a major oppor-tunity for the American shipbuilding industry. Similarly, for the export of oil, that would similarly build ships here throughout the shipyards of the United States. Exactly how many? Well, we will have to figure that out as it goes on. If we really ramp up the amount of oil and natural gas that we export, per-haps we will build more than 50. But it also means that the mariners will be able to work on these ships. As they work on these particular ships, the LNG and the oil tankers will be de-veloping the skills necessary to trans-fer over to provide the personnel nec-essary for the military on the cargo ships, the roll-on and roll-offs, as well as the oil tankers that the military will need as it transports the personnel and the equipment around the world. So this is what we are trying to do. We are trying to energize the American shipbuilding industry by requiring that a small percentage of the LNG that will be exported from the United States and the oil that will be exported will be on American-built ships with American mariners. That is our goal. I believe that we will be able to ac-complish this in the days ahead, as we move this thing through the process and get it under way. We have very strong, bipartisan support, both Demo-crats and Republicans supporting the bill. We also have very strong bicameral support, with the bill being introduced in the Senate by Senator R OGER  W
ICKER and here in the House by my-self and by Chairman D
UNCAN HUNTER . So I bring this to the attention of the Congress and the American public, that it is our goal to make it in America, that there is a better deal for America if we pass a law that requires that this strategic national asset, oil and nat-ural gas, be on an equally strategic im-portant asset, American ships, and that those ships be manned by American sailors and officers. That is our goal. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2326 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 11 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 25, 2018, THROUGH JUNE 4, 2018 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–702) on the resolution (H. Res. 908) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from May 25, 2018, through June 4, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. S
TIVERS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of his service with the Ohio Army National Guard. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 21, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3562. To amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 4009. To authorize the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facil-ity on National Zoological Park property in the District of Columbia. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-ond quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, THOMAS ANDREWS, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 3 AND APR. 8, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Thomas Andrews ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /6 Australia ......................................... ...... .................... 1,538.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,538.00 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 431.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 431.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,969.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 1,969.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. MR. THOMAS ANDREWS, May 15, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00295 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.138 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4582 May 22, 2018 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 * 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Kosovo ...................................... ............. .................... 298.10 .................... 12,829.71 .................... * 2,807.08 .................... 15,934. 89 2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 158.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... * 469.73 .................... 628.05 Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 298.10 .................... 6,660.11 .................... .................... .................... 6 ,958.21 2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 158.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 158.32 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 912.84 .................... 19,489.82 .................... * 3,276.81 .................. .. 23,679.47 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Indicates delegation costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, May 14, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4962. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — VSTA Records and Reports Specific to International Standards for Pharmacovigilance [Docket No.: APIS-2014- 0063] (RIN: 0579-AE11) received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 4963. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Penn-sylvania: Catharine, Township of, Blair County, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8527] re-ceived May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4964. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clopyralid; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0035; FRL-9977-13] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4965. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; California; Cali-fornia Mobile Source Regulations [EPA-R09- OAR-2017-0620; FRL-9978-19-Region 9] re-ceived May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4966. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, 2011 Carbon Monoxide, 2006 PM10, 2012 PM2.5, 1997 Ozone, and the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R02-OAR-2016-0625; FRL-9978-24-Region 2] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4967. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Oregon; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA-R10- OAR-2017-0482; FRL-9978-16-OAR] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4968. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical Devices; Hematology and Pathology Devices; Classification of Blood Establish-ment Computer Software and Accessories [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-0406] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4969. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Report to Congress on the Extension of Jackson-Vanik Waiver Author-ity for Turkmenistan, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(d)(1); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 402(d)(1); (88 Stat. 2056) and 19 U.S.C. 2439(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 409(b); (88 Stat. 2064); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4970. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of the Treasury Ac-quisition Regulations; Tax Check Require-ments received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 5682. A bill to provide for pro-grams to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–699). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4689. A bill to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irriga-tion District in the State of Nebraska (Rept. 115–700). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 113. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (Rept. 115–701). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. H. Res. 908. A resolution providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from May 25, 2018, through June 4, 2018 (Rept. 115–702). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. B
LUM, Mrs. H ANDEL , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. M
AST, Mr. B ARR, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H
URD, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. B
UDD, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida): H.R. 5903. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain changes made by Public Law 115-97 to the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. M ARINO , and Mrs. H ANDEL ): H.R. 5904. A bill to amend the Sherman Act to make oil-producing and exporting cartels illegal; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. D UNN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. H IG-
GINS of Louisiana, and Mrs. L ESKO ): H.R. 5905. A bill to authorize basic research programs in the Department of Energy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. LUCAS (for himself, Ms. E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. D UNN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mrs. L
ESKO ): H.R. 5906. A bill to amend the America COMPETES Act to establish Department of Energy policy for Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. D UNN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L
ESKO , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5907. A bill to provide directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for certain agreements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00296 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.056 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4583 May 22, 2018 
LOFGREN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 5908. A bill to protect victims of crime or serious labor violations from removal dur-ing Department of Homeland Security en-forcement actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5909. A bill to enhance reciprocal mar-ket access for United States domestic pro-ducers in the negotiating process of bilat-eral, regional, and multilateral trade agree-ments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself, Mr. T
ED L
IEU of California, and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 5910. A bill to strengthen the United States response to Russian interference, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Armed Services, Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), Oversight and Government Re-form, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. M CEACHIN ): H.R. 5911. A bill to amend Public Law 115- 97 (commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) to repeal the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge oil and gas program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 5912. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services and home health services furnished without an elec-tronic visit verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5913. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the limitation on the state and local tax deduction for mar-ried individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5914. A bill to require a study and re-port on policy and regulatory changes that may have contributed to the opioid epi-demic; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 5915. A bill to amend the TRIO pro-grams to require priority to be given to homeless children and youth, and students in foster care; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. REED: H.R. 5916. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose a tax on institu-tions of higher education that fail to use 33 percent of the growth in endowment value for grants for working-family students each year, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 5917. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for career support for skilled, inter-nationally educated health professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER (for herself, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 5918. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to carry out a program on service dog training for members of the Armed Forces with post-traumatic stress disorder or other post-deployment mental health con-ditions; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5919. A bill to establish the position of Senior Anticorruption Officer at the Depart-ment of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and the Depart-ment of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5920. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of De-fense to submit to Congress an annual report on open burn pits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER (for herself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5921. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a registry to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who may have been exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances on military in-stallations receive information regarding such exposure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 5922. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to increase access to hepatitis C test-ing for Vietnam-era veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 5923. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. B UDD, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B RAT, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G
IBBS, Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. I SSA): H. Res. 907. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Attorney General of the United States should appoint a Special Counsel to investigate misconduct at the De-partment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation, including an investigation of abuse of the FISA warrant process, how and why the Hillary Clinton probe ended, and how and why the Donald Trump-Russia probe began; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ): H. Res. 909. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need for State legislatures to pass comprehensive sexual assault kit reforms by 2020; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’) By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LUCAS: H.R. 5906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 5908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section XIII of the Constitution The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 5910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00297 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MY7.100 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4584 May 22, 2018 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 5913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 5915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers. By Mr. REED: H.R. 5916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 5917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 8 By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 5923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 233: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 237: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 350: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 365: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 449: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 545: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 737: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 750: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 959: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1054: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1144: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1163: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1171: Mr. T
IPTON and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1320: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1374: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T
AKANO , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1409: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 1421: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1444: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1447: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1553: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1584: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1676: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 1710: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire. H.R. 1784: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1818: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2101: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2358: Mr. K
IND, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2401: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2587: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2598: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 2687: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2946: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2969: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3010: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3026: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3174: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3378: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3395: Mr. K
INGof New York and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3530: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota and Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3867: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 3918: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 3984: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4022: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4143: Mr. R
OUZER and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4186: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4284: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4379: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4420: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4483: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 4729: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4732: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 4819: Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 4912: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4967: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4973: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 5009: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5034: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5041: Mr. W
ALDEN and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5102: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 5167: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5187: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 5197: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5202: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5226: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5227: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 5233: Mr. R
USSELL and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 5306: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5327: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5357: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5385: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G
IBBS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. T
URNER , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 5402: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5414: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5427: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5431: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5454: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi. H.R. 5457: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5476: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 5485: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 5516: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5588: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. P A-
NETTA . H.R. 5610: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5613: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5647: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5653: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5689: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5701: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 5713: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5715: Mr. W
ALDEN and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5716: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5718: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5731: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 5747: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 5800: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5814: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5849: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5888: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5896: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. P
OLIS. H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, and Mr. C
OLE. H. Res. 15: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. K INZINGER , and Mr. C
RAMER . H. Res. 28: Mr. P
OLIS. H. Res. 31: Mr. K
INZINGER . H. Res. 69: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 274: Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. H IMES. H. Res. 318: Mr. B
IGGS. H. Res. 785: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H. Res. 812: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 825: Ms. T
SONGAS . H. Res. 869: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H. Res. 871: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00298 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.053 H22MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2801 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 2018 No. 84 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, our faithful Father and Friend, take and use our law-makers for Your glory. Fill them with Your wisdom, enabling them to make the tough decisions with complete con-fidence in Your guidance. Keep their lives unstained by any word or action that is unworthy of their best. Lord, give them clarity and understanding so that their labor will be acceptable to You. May they maintain the fidelity of those to whom much has been given and from whom much will be required. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
VA MISSION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, today the Senate will begin considering the VA MISSION Act. It marks a major step forward for the VA system and the millions of heroes who rely on it for services. The bipartisan reform legislation be-fore us builds on the earlier progress of the Veterans Choice Act of 2014 and re-affirms a clear message: Delays at the VA cannot stand between veterans and the medical care they need. The short-comings of a Federal bureaucracy do not free our Nation from its promises to our All-Volunteer Armed Forces. Veterans deserve prompt, thorough care, period. In the few short years since the cre-ation of VA Choice, the program has seen important success. More than 2 million veterans have taken the oppor-tunity to see private providers when the VA system couldn’t meet their needs. In Kentucky, it helped more than 23,000 veterans in 2017 alone. Thanks to the leadership of Chair-man ISAKSON , this new legislation builds on this significant progress, con-tinues it, and improves it in ways that will help veterans even more. The VA MISSION Act will clear the path for veterans to receive greater healthcare choices. It will eliminate the wait time and distance require-ments that keep veterans out of the driver’s seat and empower them, in consultation with their respective phy-sicians, to take charge of their own care. It will help prioritize and speed improvements to existing VA facilities. It will direct $5.2 billion to fund the Veterans Choice Program, and it will establish more streamlined delivery of care through the veterans community care program. The bill before us passed the House by an overwhelming bipartisan margin. It carries the support of the President and 38 veterans advocacy organiza-tions. It is based on a simple idea: Promises made to those who sacrifice for our freedoms must be promises kept. Let’s make good on these prom-ises this week. 
f 
AMERICA’S WATER INFRASTRUCTURE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, this morning, the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee is concluding its work on Amer-ica’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. Chairman BARRASSO has led an open, bipartisan process that has generated a strong proposal. It builds on President Trump’s infrastructure approach, en-couraging local control over local pri-orities and leveraging Federal re-sources to ensure that each dollar spent goes to major water infrastruc-ture improvements. It cuts redtape and empowers the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers to break through bureaucratic backlogs. Thanks to Senator B
OOZMAN , it en-hances the investments in our Nation’s failing drinking water and waste water infrastructure. My State of Kentucky contains more than 1,900 miles of navigable inland wa-terways. Our water resources support more than 13,000 jobs in the maritime industry. Paducah, KY, serves as the heart of America’s inland waterways system, and Western Kentucky is also home to major water civil works projects like the Olmsted Locks and Dam and Kentucky Lock. This bipartisan legislation is good news for communities throughout the Commonwealth. One provision, the Freedom to Fish Act, will help safe-guard an important part of Kentucky’s cultural heritage. Generations of Ken-tuckians have fished the Cumberland River and the tailwaters of the Barkley and Wolf Creek Dams. I remember my dad and his friend taking us to fish there at a young age. They were experienced fishermen. The last thing they needed was advice from Federal bureaucrats on where to cast their lines, but, in 2012, in a typical dis-play of Obama administration over-reach, the Army Corps threatened to restrict access to these cherished waters. I didn’t know anyone in Ken-tucky who thought it was a good idea. The farmers didn’t, the anglers didn’t, the area businesses relying on fishing tourism didn’t. The Kentucky Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife certainly didn’t. So I worked with community leaders like my friend Lyon County 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.000 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2802 May 22, 2018 
judge executive Wade White and my colleagues in the Kentucky and Ten-nessee congressional delegations to put a stop to this government interference. We introduced legislation to prevent the Army Corps from robbing our fish-ers and anglers of this beloved pastime and damaging this key component of the local economy. The measure passed with overwhelming support and was signed into law. It has been successful, but its provisions are set to expire soon. That is why I worked with Chairman B
ARRASSO , Ranking Member C ARPER , and the committee to secure a new 5-year extension of the Freedom to Fish Act in this year’s water infra-structure bill. It is just another achievement among the many victories this bill will deliver for communities across the country. I am grateful to the supporters of this legislation, such as the National League of Cities and the National Rural Water Association, and the bi-partisan coalition of Senators who worked to craft it. I look forward to the committee’s vote today and to sup-porting this bill once it reaches the Senate floor. 
f 
JOB GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, one final matter. This week, survey data showed that more Ameri-cans say it is a good time to find a quality job than at any point in the last 17 years. Let me say that again. More Ameri-cans say it is a good time to find a quality job than at any point in the last 17 years. Under President Obama, this number got as low as 8 percent. It never broke 50 percent during his administration, but today 67 percent of Americans say it is a good time to find a quality job. Optimism has taken off for all groups since this President was elected and the Republican Congress was sworn in, but the injection of new hope has been felt the most among working-class Americans. This is a major distinction between the economic policies Demo-crats spent years putting in place and the new approach this Republican gov-ernment has taken. For nearly a decade, Democrats fol-lowed the standard liberal playbook: tax more, regulate more, and pile up more money and power right here in Washington. They cracked down on American businesses, imposed one new regulation after another, and looked to the Federal Government to pick win-ners and losers. It is a familiar, old set of ideas. Here is what it produces: an economy that works very well for a few but leaves many more behind. The Obama era was just fine for our Nation’s biggest coastal cities. Rough-ly, three-quarters of all the new jobs created between 2010 and 2016 poured into the country’s largest metropolitan areas, but outside of these places, taxes and regulations created an anti-busi-ness climate that hurt American man-ufacturing, American coal commu-nities, and small- and medium-sized businesses throughout our country. So Republicans charted a new course. We understand that middle-class fami-lies know how to spend their own money better than the government; that American workers thrive when American job creators are expanding, hiring, and raising wages. We passed once-in-a-generation tax relief for American families and small busi-nesses and are working at every turn to roll back runaway regulations. The re-sult is an economic comeback that is reaching all kinds of communities, not just a favored few. A record-high percentage of Amer-ican manufacturers have said they have a positive economic outlook for their enterprises. Rural communities outpaced everywhere else in relative job creation last year. The total amount spent on employee compensa-tion grew faster in 2017 than in any cal-endar year under President Obama. This is what happens when Repub-licans implement a pro-growth, pro-op-portunity agenda that gets Washington out of the way. Everyone shares in the prosperity. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SANTA FE HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, last Friday, America watched in horror as the news story broke of yet another school shooting, this time at Santa Fe High School in Texas. Eight students and two teachers were fatally shot. Thirteen victims were wounded in another devastating trag-edy. The alleged gunman was a student who came into the school with his par-ents’ shotgun and handgun and used them to commit mass murder. Of course, we grieve for the families and victims in Santa Fe, and, of course, we are grateful for first re-sponders who ran toward the sound of gunfire. But let’s be honest—the shoot-ing in Santa Fe High was, by one count, the 22nd school shooting in America this year. We are in the 21st week of this year. We have had more than one school shooting a week in the United States of America. America’s schoolchildren, sadly, now go to school expecting that there will be a shooter on the premises. After the Santa Fe High School shooting, a reporter interviewed a stu-dent named Paige Curry at the school. The reporter asked: ‘‘Was there a part of you that was like, this isn’t real, this could not happen at my school?’’ Paige Curry replied: ‘‘There wasn’t.’’ When the reporter asked why so, she said: ‘‘It’s been happening everywhere. I’ve always felt it would eventually happen here too.’’ Can you imagine we have reached this point in America if that is how many of our Nation’s high schoolers think? Sadly, in Paige Curry’s case, she was right. Her school was the tar-get last week. On Sunday, the New York Times posted an article titled ‘‘New Reality for High School Students: Calculating the Risk of Getting Shot.’’ The article discussed how students across America, from Iowa to Okla-homa, from Illinois to Mississippi, from Seattle to New York, are now forced to go through their day planning what they would do if the shooting starts in their school. The article quotes one student, a sophomore in a New York high school, describing how vulnerable her desks were in each class where she sat. She started making mental calcula-tions about when the gunman came to the door whether she would be in the line of fire. She said her English class is the safest class for her each day be-cause it is down a hallway, and it makes it hard for the shooter to find it, but her math class makes her particu-larly vulnerable because she said she sits in the second desk in the second row in a direct path from the door. The student, whose name is Emily Rubenstein, said: It’s like the front lines of a war. Being seated in front of the classroom could be what makes you live and what makes you die. 
It is not just high schoolers who think this way; my 6-year-old grand-daughter came home and told her mom recently that she had been warned that if there is a shooter in the school—she is a first-grader—if there is a shooter in the school, stay away from the win-dows and get down on the floor as quickly as possible. Is there any sane person in America who thinks our kids should be going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.001 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2803 May 22, 2018 
through this? Is there any sane person in America who believes this is ex-pected by the Second Amendment to our Bill of Rights? Let’s be clear. Addressing our Na-tion’s epidemic of gun violence and school shootings should be a top pri-ority. About 300 Americans are shot every day, a third of them fatally. Gun violence is a public health crisis. It is traumatizing an entire generation of America’s kids. In recent weeks, students across the country have marched in the streets, walked out of their classrooms to call on us—elected leaders—to step up and do something to reduce gun violence. The students are having an impact. At least 15 States have passed legislation to close gaps in their State gun laws since February 14, which was the date of the Parkland shooting in Florida. Four States—Maryland, Florida, Vermont, and Washington—have passed bills to ban bump stocks. Con-gress has not. Seven States have passed bills to make it harder for domestic vi-olence abusers to get guns—Kansas, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Utah, Vermont, and Washington. Congress has not. Three States have passed red flag laws to temporarily remove guns from people who pose extreme risks— Florida, Maryland, and Vermont. These State-level reforms are signifi-cant, and they are even happening in States such as Florida and Kansas, which have a reputation of being friendly to the gun lobby. I hope my State of Illinois will soon join the ranks of the States that have passed meaningful State-level gun measures this year. We came close in Illinois when the General Assembly passed a landmark, bipartisan bill to provide more accountability for gun dealers’ sales. Governor Bruce Rauner unfortu-nately vetoed that bill, but the General Assembly is working hard to put a re-vised bill back on his desk. In addition to these State law re-forms, the student movement has brought major changes in corporate be-havior. Major gun retailers, such as Dick’s Sporting Goods and Walmart, have voluntarily changed their sales practices. Companies such as Delta, United, Hertz, and Avis ended affinity relationships with the National Rifle Association. Institutional investors and financial companies are now pres-suring the gun industry to change its behavior. These businesses understand that inaction is not an option. The stu-dent movement for gun safety has helped them realize this. Unfortunately, it is extremely un-likely that this Congress will take any meaningful action this year to reduce gun violence in America. Why? Because President Trump and the Republican majority in Congress still won’t push for any gun reforms that the gun lobby opposes. They are letting the gun lobby dictate Federal policy. That is a mis-take. It is disgraceful. The gun lobby cares about one thing above all else: selling guns. They are not going to sup-port any reforms that might reduce their sales. On Sunday, the incoming president of the National Rifle Association, Oliver North—you may remember him from the Iran-Contra controversy—blamed everything from video games to Ritalin for our epidemic of school shootings. He blamed everything except guns. In fact, rather than support efforts to strengthen our gun laws, the gun lobby is gearing up for their last big push this year to urge Congress to weaken our gun laws even further. On April 16, the Washington Examiner reported that longtime NRA board member Gro-ver Norquist ‘‘said he has received as-surance from the Republican leader-ship’’ that Congress will put the NRA’s concealed carry reciprocity bill on the agenda this year before the August re-cess. Make no mistake—as appropriations bills and the Defense authorization bill move through Congress, the gun lobby and their allies are looking to weaken the gun laws on the books even more than they already have. America, keep your eye on Congress. To all the students and young people across America who are asking for leadership when it comes to reducing gun violence, many of us hear you loud and clear, and we are not giving up. Congress may not get the job done this year when it comes to closing the enor-mous gaps in our gun laws, but this movement of young people is making incredible things happen in statehouses across America. They are rapidly be-coming a major force for change in cor-porate behavior, and they are soon-to- be voters. This movement is getting re-sults, and Congress is going to have to choose whom it will listen to—the stu-dents who are spending their class time thinking about whether their desks are in the line of fire or the gun lobbyists who want to further weaken gun laws on the books so they can make more gun sales. I know where I stand. I am going to keep doing everything I can to put the safety of my granddaughter, my grand-son, and kids in our neighborhoods across America ahead of the gun lobby’s agenda of selling more guns. We may not be able to stop every shooting in our schools and in our streets, but if Congress takes meaningful action to close the gaps in our gun laws, we will save lives. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES  
Madam President, I would like to bring the Senate’s attention to an arti-cle that appeared recently in the New York Times entitled ‘‘Education De-partment Unwinds Unit Investigating Fraud at For-Profits.’’ That is right. Even while tens of thousands of stu-dents are still waiting for the Federal student loan discharges to which they are entitled under law because they were defrauded by for-profit colleges, such as Corinthian and ITT Tech, the Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, is dismantling the enforcement unit that was set up to prevent future fraud. Corinthian and ITT Tech have be-come the most infamous examples of for-profit college predatory practices, but they are hardly unique in the in-dustry. I have often said on the floor of the Senate—and the numbers have changed slightly over the years—that you can tell the story of for-profit col-leges and universities if you know two numbers. This will be on the final. The first number: 9 percent of all post-sec-ondary students go to for-profit col-leges and universities—University of Phoenix, DeVry, Kaplan, similar uni-versities. Nine percent go to for-profit colleges and universities, and 33 per-cent of all the federal student loan de-faults are students from for-profit col-leges and universities. Nine percent. Thirty-three percent. Why? Why is there such a dramatic difference be-tween the percentage of students going to these schools and those who default on student debt, 33 percent of whom went to the same schools? There are two reasons. For-profit colleges and universities overcharge the students and produce a diploma that is virtually worthless when it comes to finding a job and paying off their student loan debt. That is the reality. In the last 5 years, nearly every major for-profit college has been inves-tigated or sued by more than one State attorney general and Federal agency for unfair, deceptive, and abusive prac-tices. Thanks to Secretary DeVos, they don’t need to worry about the Depart-ment of Education anymore. The writ-ing has been on the wall for some time. Last summer, Secretary DeVos hired former DeVry dean Julian Schmoke to be chief enforcement officer, where he would oversee the enforcement unit. I noted at the time that this was a par-ticularly troubling decision given the enforcement unit’s reported ongoing investigation into DeVry. The Times story confirmed my fears. They note that members of the enforcement unit have been marginalized, reassigned, and instructed to focus on other mat-ters. What had expanded under Presi-dent Obama to include around a dozen lawyers and investigators has now been reduced to three employees. According to the New York Times, the downsizing effectively killed investigations into several large for-profit colleges, includ-ing—you guessed it—DeVry. In 2016, DeVry, which is based out of Chicago, agreed to pay $100 million to settle a lawsuit with the Federal Trade Commission related to misleading ad-vertising when it came to college stu-dents. Around the same time, DeVry agreed to a limited settlement with the Department of Education, but an en-forcement unit investigation contin-ued. According to the Times, the inves-tigation became a point of contention between the Department staff and the new Trump administration. DeVry isn’t the only former em-ployer of a top DeVos adviser to escape Department scrutiny. The Times arti-cle also reports that the enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.003 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2804 May 22, 2018 
unit investigations of Bridgepoint Edu-cation and Career Education Corpora-tion have gone dark. The cops are being taken off the beat. Bridgepoint—owner of the notorious Ashford University—has a long record of abuse. Last year, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau ordered the company to pay $30 million for decep-tive acts and practices, including lying to students about their obligations under student loans. Bridgepoint is currently being sued by the California attorney general for defrauding and de-ceiving students. It is also facing inves-tigations by State attorneys general in Iowa, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, and by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice. The U.S. De-partment of Veterans Affairs has also taken action to withdraw Ashford’s eli-gibility to participate in the GI Bill be-cause of its failure to comply with VA regulations. But, as the New York Times article points out, Bridgepoint has friends in high places when it comes to the Trump administration. A former consultant for Bridgepoint is now the Director of Strategic Commu-nications at the White House. Then there is Robert Eitel, who was hired by Secretary DeVos in February 2017 as a special assistant. For the first 9 weeks of his Department of Edu-cation tenure, Eitel was actually on an unpaid leave of absence from Bridgepoint. You heard that right—he was an employee of the Department of Education and continued as an em-ployee of one of the most predatory for-profit colleges in this country at the same time. ABC News reports Eitel had a hand in dismantling the Depart-ment’s borrower defense rule, which would have helped students who were defrauded by for-profit colleges like Ashford. How is that for a fox guarding the henhouse? But we are not done yet. Don’t forget about Career Education Corporation, which reports that it is currently under investigation by 23 States attorneys general, including Lisa Madigan of Illi-nois. In 2013, Career Education Cor-poration agreed to pay $10.25 million in a settlement with the New York attor-ney general over job placement rate in-flation, an act of fraud. The company has been investigated by the FTC and the SEC. The Department of Education even placed one of its schools, Amer-ican Intercontinental University, on heightened cash monitoring for con-cerns related to its administrative ca-pability. But the enforcement unit’s in-vestigation into fraud by the company has come to a screeching halt, accord-ing to the New York Times. Who at the Department of Education is connected to Career Education Corporation? Well, in addition to working for Bridgepoint, Mr. Eitel was previously a top lawyer for that company, Career Education Corporation. Then there is Diane Auer Jones, who was previously a senior vice president for Career Education Corporation and was hired by Secretary DeVos to be her senior adviser on postsecondary edu-cation. Also, the Department’s re-cently confirmed general counsel, Car-los Muniz, previously provided con-sulting services to the same company. The DeVos-orchestrated takeover of the Department of Education by the for-profit college industry is an embar-rassment. It is an affront to students, their families, and to taxpayers. The Trump administration and Secretary DeVos are more concerned with pro-tecting their rich buddies in the for- profit college industry than protecting America’s students and their families. They don’t seem to care that taxpayer dollars are being wasted as long as those dollars are going into their friends’ pockets. It is shameful. It is scandalous. It has become routine in the U.S. Department of Education. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Democratic leader is recognized. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first let me thank my friend from Georgia for being able to go first and also thank my friend from Illinois, who has been passionate, strong, and effective when it comes to these for-profit col-leges. He laid out a strong case. Let me just make one more point which sometimes my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and the Trump administration and Ms. DeVos seem to forget. Who loses money when these for-profits take advantage of the kids? The Federal taxpayers do because the vast majority, the overwhelming per-centage of funds that go to these for- profit colleges are from Federal stu-dent loans. So this is a waste of tax-payer money. Somehow our Republican colleagues—not all but some—and the Trump administration are willing to have the Treasury basically, in certain ways, be looted. They shrug their shoulders and let the for-profits keep doing it. It is an amazing contradic-tion. So I thank my colleague Senator D
URBIN . 
ZTE 
Now, on the issues that I came to speak about here, Mr. President, it was reported by the Wall Street Journal that the Trump administration has agreed to relax sanctions on the Chi-nese telecom giant ZTE and remove the ban on ZTE from selling compo-nents and software in the United States. Instead, ZTE will be required to pay a fine and reorganize its board. It appears that, in exchange, China will lift some tariffs on U.S. agricultural products. First, let me say this. I said this re-peatedly, but I will say it again. I feel much closer in my views on China and how they treat us in terms of economic issues to President Trump and his views than I was to President Obama and President Bush and their views, who I don’t think did enough. I had public arguments with both President Obama and President Bush on this issue. When Donald Trump started talking about going after China and making them play fair, I felt that was a good thing. When his administration fined ZTE and then put sanctions on them so they couldn’t get American compo-nents, I said: Finally, we are doing something tough on China. You can imagine my disappointment with the reports last night that Presi-dent Trump, being advised so wrongly by people like Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, is backing off on this tough-ness and just giving them a slap on the wrist, a fine. If the reports are true, the Trump administration will have suffered a great defeat. The fines and board changes do absolutely nothing to protect American national or economic security. It is my view that China proposed this because they know it doesn’t do the real job. When President Trump shows weakness and backs off on the area where he has been toughest with China, it signals to them that they can roll over us issue after issue, where they have been rapacious in terms of how they deal with our economy, our intellectual property, and the ability of great American companies not to sell things in China. The April 2018 commerce order penal-izing ZTE says plainly that past fines have not and will not deter ZTE be-cause they are financially backed by China’s government and putting in place board changes doesn’t coerce a company that takes its orders from China’s Government. The proposed solution is like a wet noodle. It is outrageous. I hope that Democrats and Republicans will join together in making sure, as House Re-publicans did in the Appropriations subcommittee, that the proposed sanc-tions against ZTE of not letting them buy American products and not letting them sell here will stick, but I don’t think they will. All the handwriting is on the wall. I will not divulge anything, but I did have a half-hour conversation with President Trump about this on Friday and with some of his advisers. So I am truly worried. The penalties that are proposed by Secretary Mnuchin are penalties in name only. They are a diversion from the fact that it seems President Xi has outmaneuvered President Trump and Secretary Mnuchin. It should be Presi-dent Xi who writes the book ‘‘The Art of the Deal’’ because he has taken us to the cleaners on ZTE. Let me explain why this is such a bad deal. ZTE was sanctioned in 2016 for violating U.S. sanctions against North Korea and Iran. The company was fur-ther sanctioned when the Commerce Department discovered that ZTE had lied to the United States about its plans to rectify the violations. Presi-dent Trump and Secretary Mnuchin, according to reports, have inexplicably 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.004 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2805 May 22, 2018 
excused ZTE of these inexcusable vio-lations. What the President and Secretary Mnuchin are doing sends a dangerous signal to businesses around the world that the United States is willing to for-give sanction violations or reduce pen-alties. It emboldens foreign companies to play fast and loose with U.S. sanc-tions when we should be putting the fear of God into these companies, espe-cially one that is as brazen as ZTE. If we don’t uniformly enforce sanctions— a critical diplomatic tool used by ad-ministrations of both parties to pres-sure our adversaries—then, they will be far less effective. None other than Sec-retary of State Pompeo and Interior Secretary Zinke wrote a letter to President Obama in 2016 making this point, urging him to crack down on ZTE for this reason. Imagine if Obama were President today and doing this? You can be sure that our Republican colleagues would be hollering. You can be sure that President Trump—he wouldn’t be President then—would be hollering. Even more important are the na-tional security implications of remov-ing the ban on U.S. companies selling ZTE components and software. This is the No. 1 reason that I am opposed to any change in the sanctions against ZTE. Allowing ZTE to make deals with U.S. companies to sell its products here would allow a foreign, state-backed firm access to our telecommunications network, prying open the door for ZTE to steal American data, hack our net-works, and even conduct espionage, both economic and national security. Don’t take it from me. Here are what some of our leading Republicans have said in the administration. The Republican-led FCC has said that allowing ZTE into the United States would pose a national security threat, saying it would give state-backed Chi-nese companies ‘‘hidden backdoors to our networks’’ that would allow them to ‘‘inject viruses and other malware, steal Americans’ private data, spy on U.S. businesses, and more.’’ We all know that China is involved in stealing our intellectual property. There is no better way to do it than through ZTE, and we are going to let them be here and slap them on the wrist with a fine? That is a dereliction of our duty here in the Congress and the President’s duty to protect us. The Pentagon has banned ZTE phones, saying in a statement that ‘‘ZTE devices may pose an unaccept-able risk to the Department’s per-sonnel, information, and mission.’’ If our Defense Department is banning these phones, why are we allowing them to come into our country to do industrial espionage and steal our in-tellectual property from our compa-nies? Here is what FBI Director Chris Wray, appointed by President Trump, told the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee in February. He was saying that we shouldn’t use ZTE products or serv-ices, period. Here is what he said: We’re deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is be-holden to foreign governments that don’t share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunication networks. That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommunications in-frastructure. It provides the capacity to ma-liciously modify or steal information. And it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage. 
The head of the FBI says letting ZTE in here will provide ‘‘the capacity to conduct undetected espionage.’’ After all those statements and so many more, every American should be alarmed by the reports that President Trump may allow ZTE into American markets. Putting our national security at risk for minor trade concessions is the very definition of shortsighted. Frankly, it would be a capitulation on the part of the Trump administration. President Trump’s instincts are to be tough on China. He should not let Sec-retary Mnuchin lead him astray, or others in the administration who may be urging it. I know that there are some—Mr. Lighthizer and Mr. Navarro—who understand the dangers here, and they are in the administra-tion too. From press reports, they are arguing on the other side. President Trump ought to come to his senses and stick with being tough on ZTE, stick with his instinct. That is what I say to you, Mr. Presi-dent. Please stick to your instincts and be tough on ZTE. Don’t let these other members of your Cabinet lead you astray for short-term reasons that will hurt America dramatically in the long run. The deal President Trump seems to be making is exactly the kind of deal that Donald Trump, before he was President Trump, would call weak or the worst deal ever. I hope these re-ports aren’t true, but if they are, Democrats and Republicans must do something about it. I know there are Members on the other side—I saw Senator R
UBIO’s tweets this morning—who are con-cerned about the national security of the United States with respect to ZTE. I will be reaching out to my Repub-lican colleagues and to Members of my caucus and to anyone who is willing to turn this ship around to see what we can do legislatively. The Chinese are worried about their security. It is a different type of secu-rity. They don’t want their citizens to get information. So they exclude our best companies, our Googles, and our Facebooks. Now they are raising a fuss when we want to exclude ZTE, which has violated our sanctions and would allow the Chinese Government to spy on us—what hypocrisy. Are we going to go along with that? I hope not. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. President, over the past few days, the White House has put extraor-dinary, unusual, and inappropriate pressure on the Department of Justice and the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. On Sunday the President demanded a counterinvestigation of the Russia in-vestigation, breaking longstanding and critical norms against political inter-ference in law enforcement matters. Then, yesterday the President sum-moned the leaders of the Russia probe to the White House to pressure them into releasing sensitive and classified documents pertaining to the investiga-tion by congressional Republicans. The White House planned to arrange a meeting where ‘‘highly classified and other information’’ will be shared with Members of Congress. It is highly irreg-ular, inappropriate, and unprecedented. The President and his staff should not be involved in the reviewing or the dis-semination of sensitive investigatory information involving any open inves-tigation, let alone one about the activi-ties of his own campaign. It is amazing. It is what you hear happening in third world countries. The leader says: No, I am above the law, and interferes with the process of law. Congress has a right to oversight and to know what is going on after an in-vestigation is complete. While an in-vestigation is open and active, de-mands for oversight are tantamount to interference, especially when the folks demanding the information are the most biased, irresponsible actors. A man like DEVIN NUNES —I hear pri-vately from my Republican colleagues that they think he is off the deep end— is going to get hold of this? We think that is fair, unbiased oversight? Give me a break. If such a meeting occurs—and I don’t believe it should, but if it occurs—it must be bipartisan to serve as a check on the disturbing tendency of the President’s allies to distort facts and undermine the inves-tigation and people conducting them. Democratic Members of the House and Senate, the analogs of the Repub-licans selected to be in the room, should be in the room as well. So if D
EVIN NUNES is there, A DAM SCHIFF  should be there. To me, it is just amaz-ing that it is happening. One further point on this, again, the contradictory statements and opin-ions—the virtual hypocrisy of Presi-dent Trump on these issues—are just mind-boggling. President Trump, for instance, has been peddling the myth that a deep- state bias against his Presidency has animated the Russia probe. Of course, the idea is ridiculous. If there was such a deep state aligned against President Trump, why then was the active inves-tigation into his campaign communica-tions with Russian intelligence kept secret during the campaign? The deep state could have killed him in the elec-tion. If there was such a conspiracy against Donald Trump, why was the FBI investigation of his campaign under wraps, while at the same time, the FBI investigation into his oppo-nent was in full view of the public eye? Whether or not you agree, Secretary of State and Presidential nominee Clin-ton believes that those comments by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.005 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2806 May 22, 2018 
the FBI about that investigation hurt her chances to win the Presidency. You may agree or you may disagree, but one fact is incontrovertible: The FBI talked publicly about the Clinton in-vestigation and was silent about the Trump investigation. Yet the President says the deep state is out to kill him. It is not fair. It is not right. It is con-tradictory. The truth is that the President and his allies only concoct these conspir-acies—totally contradicted by well- known facts—to kick up dust, to ob-scure and obfuscate, to distort and dis-tract, and when that is not enough, the President and his team directly inter-fere with the Russia investigation by asking its leaders to turn over docu-ments to the most irresponsible actors in Congress—his ardent political allies. It ought to stop. It ought to stop. The Justice Department doesn’t take demands from the President. The spe-cial counsel’s investigation must con-tinue in search of the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. 
TEACHERS  
Mr. President, finally, for the better part of the 20th century, being a teach-er in America meant being a part of the middle class. You worked hard, and you received decent pay and benefits— enough to afford a home, a car, a vaca-tion, and to raise a family. But for the past 20 years, teachers’ pay has been falling behind. A 2016 report from the Economic Pol-icy Institute found that teachers take home weekly wages that are 17 percent lower than comparable workers. That is why thousands of teachers across the country have organized and staged walkouts to demand fair pay, adequate resources, and better working condi-tions. I have always felt that teaching is a vital profession. I know how my teach-ers at P.S. 197, Cunningham Junior High School, and James Madison High School affected me in such a positive way. They are great. So I believe that in the 21st century, teaching should be an exalted profession, sort of like a doctor or lawyer was in the 20th cen-tury. It is that important to the future of America, to the future of our chil-dren, and to the future of our grand-children. But the pay sure doesn’t re-flect that. That teachers’ pay has fallen so far behind matters a great deal not just to teachers but to all of us. Education is the catalyst for economic mobility. It puts rungs on the ladders of oppor-tunity. We need great teachers in every classroom so that our children have every opportunity to succeed. As I said, in my view, teaching should be an exalted profession in the 21st century the way medicine and law were in the 20th century, and teachers’ pay should more closely reflect their value to society. Today, Democrats in the House and Senate will come together to announce our plan to offer our Nation’s teachers a better deal. I yield the floor. I again thank my dear friend from Georgia for waiting and for listening to me. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. I say to the Demo-cratic leader, it is a pleasure. VA MISSION BILL  
Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a vote we will take in the Senate sometime later today, after 12 o’clock. It will be a cloture vote on the VA MISSION Act. After we adopt cloture, later this week, hopefully, it will lead us to the final vote to adopt the VA MISSION Act, which will be the final mosaic in the picture that was put to-gether by the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, and the administra-tion and both the House and the Senate to address the VA benefits program for all of our veterans. We all know we have had the challenge to do better, and I submit that this is us doing our very best for those who have given ev-erything for us. Next week, on Monday, we will cele-brate Memorial Day, where we honor those who have sacrificed their lives so that we can all be here today—you, Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer of this body and I as a representative of the people of Georgia. If it weren’t for our veterans, we might be speaking Japanese or German today. We are speaking English today because we won those wars because our best and bright-est volunteered their lives and sac-rificed so that Americans can survive and be here. There is nothing less that we need to ask of ourselves than to see to it that they have the healthcare benefits we have promised them for so long. The VA MISSION Act is an act that puts together and answers all of those questions that have been long on the front page of the newspapers for the last 2 or 3 years. I thank J
OHN MCCAIN. JOHN MCCAIN was really the inspiration for the Vet-erans Choice bill, which we started 4 years ago when I was on the com-mittee. We finally passed a part of that program, and it has been in operation until now, but it has had a need for re-form, a need to be fixed, and a need to be funded. With the passage of this leg-islation, we will do all of those things and make it even better. I thank J
ONTESTER , the Senator from Montana, my ranking member on the committee, who has done every-thing one could ask. He was a team player who saw to it that we got through all of the minefields and sticky wickets you have to go through in the legislative process to get there. Senator T
ESTER has been an invaluable partner in putting together the VA MISSION Act and in making the VA a better organization. I thank my staff, his staff, and my members of the committee from the Republican Party and his members from the Democratic Party. This is as close to a unanimous effort as any ef-fort we have done in the committee for some time. I thank them for their hard work and their effort. I thank in advance the Members of the House and Senate for being with us on this venture today. I ask for your vote for cloture, and later in the week, I will ask for your vote for final pas-sage. Briefly, let me tell you what we are doing because what we are doing is critical. One, we are making choice better for our veterans by repealing the 40-mile rule and the 30-day rule, which we passed 4 years ago. People will remem-ber that veterans were waiting in some cases years to get their appointments with the VA, so we passed a rule that said: You can go to the private sector if you can’t get an appointment within 30 days or if you live more than 40 miles away from the VA center that provided that service. But it became cumbersome and difficult. We had a number of problems with the third- party contractors we dealt with who were making the clearances and open-ing the gates for the veterans to go. Al-though we improved service and access for our veterans, we didn’t make it ev-erything it should be. The MISSION Act does that because it makes the choice the veteran’s choice in concert with the veteran’s primary care doctor at the VA. If a vet-eran, because of quality, timeliness, distance, urgency, or need, needs to go to the private sector or wants to exer-cise that choice rather than go to a VA doctor, if there is one—or if there isn’t one, go to the private sector because that is the only choice they have—they will be able to do so in concert with their VA primary care doctor. So Choice is truly the veteran’s choice. The VA continues to have the responsibility of keeping up with the veteran. The veteran has the choice he or she needs to make to see to it that they get timely, professional, and qual-ity care. That is a huge step forward for us. That is a great step forward. Al-though the 30-day rule and the 40-mile rule were great starts, this is a great improvement for access for our vet-erans. I am a Vietnam-era veteran. Viet-nam-era veterans are now mostly in their late sixties or early to midseventies. They served our country a long time ago. The signature injuries of the Vietnam war were some of the most tragic in warfare that were sur-vived for the first time ever because of our healthcare. There are a lot of those veterans living today who can’t take care of the basic functions of life. They need assistance with eating, making their bed, getting up and down stairs, getting anywhere they need to go. We have veteran programs for care-givers for almost every veteran around but not for the Vietnam-era veterans. This bill, the MISSION Act, applies the VA caregiver benefits to all veterans. So if a veteran needs that assistance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.007 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2807 May 22, 2018 
that same incentive to help with the stipend for that service is available to that veteran. That is a giant step for-ward for all of us. It is also very important to recognize that we consolidate the VA’s seven community care funding sources into one single community care source. For the first time in 3 years, the VA will no longer announce every 3 months that they are running out of money. A lot of times, they use that little trick on us because they run out of money in one department, but there are six others that are loaded. So we merged them all together to see to it that all the funds are available and accessible all of the time for the veterans who have the need for the benefit—no more crying fire in a crowded theater, no more scar-ing us all by saying that we are not funding our veterans, but instead see-ing to it that our veterans have access when it is timely and when they need it. That is a very important change, and that is a move forward we have needed to make for a long time. It makes sense for us to make sure that our veterans have their choice based on quality, access, and timeli-ness. It makes sense that we make that a key part of the veterans’ benefits to all veterans. It makes sense that we see to it that caregiver benefits are available to Vietnam-era veterans, as well as many others. It makes sense that we do all of the other things we have done in all of the VA acts to come together to totally reform the Vet-erans’ Administration for our veterans who have served us. How many people is that? There are 22
1⁄2million people in America today who have served us at one time or another. There are 6
1⁄2mil-lion people who are served by the VA health services. That is a lot of people, but it is a small handful of people com-pared to the 350 million people in our country. Think about this: Less than 1 percent of our population served and defended us all and risked their lives. So when you go to vote on this bill today, think about the veteran in your State, the VA service in your State, and the people in your State. Think about what you remember about World Wars I and II, what you remember about Vietnam, and what you remem-ber about Iraqi Freedom in Afghani-stan. Think about what you think you owe to those who signed on the bottom line. They weren’t constricted. They weren’t mandated. They volunteered. They went, they fought, and they died. I want to leave you with a thought on two of those veterans because they are the two faces I see every day as the chairman of this committee I am work-ing for. One of them is Noah Harris. Noah was a cheerleader at the University of Georgia on 9/11/2001 when he watched, as you and I did, al-Qaida and the evils of that era take down the Twin Towers, and we had the first battle of the ulti-mate war between good and evil. We fought that battle. We are still winning it. We are still fighting it, and we will fight it for a long time. We have lost over 6,000 lives, individuals who sacrificed their lives in Iraq or Af-ghanistan or other places in the Middle East, and there will be others to come. They sacrificed so you and I can do what we are doing here today—the First Amendment protections of speak-ing our minds, as I am doing; the right to assemble, as our constituents do; and the right to defend ourselves and be safe. All those God-given rights we have were written on paper, but they were given life and protection for all of us by the veterans who volunteered and fought and died. I remember Noah Harris because he was a cheerleader one day at the Uni-versity of Georgia, and on 9/12/2001—the day after 9/11—he went down to the ar-mory, signed up for OCS, went into the Army, and became an officer. Two years later, almost to the day, he died in Baghdad, the victim of an IED. He died defending the country he loved so much. He cheered for the football team, but he fought and sacrificed his life for the country. I want Lucy and Rick—his mom and dad, in Ellijay, GA—to know that I haven’t forgotten Noah and what he did for us. I sign most of my notes the same way Noah signed his note to me: ‘‘IDWIC, Noah Harris.’’ ‘‘IDWIC’’ stands for ‘‘I do what I can.’’ I want to have a chance to do what I can today. I want to vote for this bill for all the right reasons but principally for Noah Harris. The other one is a veteran whose name is Roy C. Irwin. Roy died in the Battle of the Bulge in the Netherlands in 1944. When I went to the cemetery in Margraten, Netherlands, to visit the grave sites there and to check on the American battle monument, I walked with my wife down the rows of crosses and Stars of David just to pause for a second and give thanks for what the over 800 soldiers there in that cemetery did in the Battle of the Bulge to make our lives possible and to make it pos-sible for me to enjoy the benefits I have enjoyed. We got to the end of row 23. I looked down, and there was a cross. It said: ‘‘Roy C. Irwin, New Jer-sey, private, December 28, 1944, KIA’’— killed in action. I froze at that because I was born on December 28, 1944. The day Roy C. Irwin from New Jersey died in the Battle of the Bulge, my mother delivered me in Piedmont Hospital. I am almost 74 years old. I have had 74 wonderful years, including the oppor-tunity to serve in the U.S. Senate, be-cause a guy I never knew, when he was 18 years old, volunteered to go fight in the Battle of the Bulge in the Army for the United States of America. He paid the ultimate sacrifice, and because he did, I got the ultimate benefit. When you think about your vote on this bill today, you think about all of those veterans who did the same for you, who have the same birthday or the same killed-in-action date as your birthday, and recognize that every one of us stands on the shoulders of our veterans. We live, work, and pray on the shoulders of our veterans. I, for one, am going to vote for our veterans when we pass this bill so that the VA MISSION Act becomes the final mosaic in the beautiful patchwork of benefits for those who have sacrificed the most for all of us. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I very much thank Chairman ISAKSON for his work on this bill. As a veteran, as the spouse of a veteran, as the mother of a young lady who will enter into the service this summer, and as the grand-mother to a young man who will begin his enlistment this fall, I thank him for the work he has done. I appreciate your service as well. Thank you so much. Mr. President, ‘‘We can and we must do better for our veterans.’’ I spoke those words during my first speech given here on the Senate floor just over 3 years ago. I also spoke about the need to fulfill the promises made to our veterans who have sac-rificed everything for our country. At that time, the average wait for a men-tal health appointment at the VA was 36 days. There were, on average, 22 vet-eran suicides every single day in the United States. It underscored the trou-bles within the VA and the urgency to act immediately to help our veterans get the quality and the timely care that they have earned and that they deserve. That is why I introduced on that very day my first bill, the Prioritizing Vet-erans’ Access to Mental Healthcare Act. My bill would have eliminated the distance and the wait time require-ments for veterans seeking mental healthcare under the current Choice Program. Every veteran should have the choice to receive care in the com-munity, but they should not be bur-dened by bureaucratic redtape or strict guidelines that serve as roadblocks to receiving this type of care. To illustrate how burdensome and sometimes ridiculous these guidelines are, I want to share a letter I received from a veteran in Ames, IA. The vet-eran wrote: 
I am a disabled veteran who currently re-ceives healthcare at the De Moines VA Hos-pital. I live 39.7 miles from the De Moines VA Hospital, which means I do not meet the 40- mile VA Choice criteria. While I have not had a bad experience at the De Moines VA, it is burdensome to travel approximately 40 miles when I have had surgeries that require a family member to transport me. I am un-able to utilize a nonVA facility in my own backyard. 
The frustration evident in this vet-eran’s letter has been present in hun-dreds of letters and stories, and I have received many of those over the years. I am frustrated too. Those who are willing to lay down their lives for our country shouldn’t have to jump through hoops to receive the care they have earned. I am thrilled that this week the Sen-ate has the opportunity to do better for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.008 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2808 May 22, 2018 
our veterans. Just last week, the House passed the VA MISSION Act, which im-proves how veterans access community care. Under the VA MISSION Act, the VA remains the coordinator of a vet-eran’s care. The VA would still be in charge of scheduling those appoint-ments, ensuring that a veteran is going to followup visits, as well as ensuring that no veteran experiences a delay or a gap in their care. The VA MISSION Act also makes sig-nificant improvements to accessing community care. A veteran will no longer be bound by strict distance and wait time requirements, just as I ex-pressed from that veteran who lives in Ames, IA. Instead, that decision rests with the veteran and their provider. If a veteran and their provider determine that it is in the veteran’s best medical interest, the VA will be required to offer access to community care. The VA MISSION Act ensures that veterans have a say and a choice in their care. This legislation also includes my bi-partisan Veterans E-Health and Tele-medicine Support Act, also known as the VETS Act, which I introduced with Senator M
AZIE HIRONO of Hawaii. VA providers will now be able to practice across State lines, expanding tele-health services, which can include crit-ical mental healthcare and care des-perately needed to veterans in rural and underserved areas. The VETS act will also expand VA caregiver benefits to pre-9/11 veterans, create a commission to evaluate how to modernize VA facilities, increase re-sources to hire more providers, which is very important, and ensure prompt payment to community providers. I am also pleased to report that this bill has bipartisan support and the sup-port of over 30 veteran service organi-zations. Funding for the Choice Program is expected to run out at the end of May— in a matter of weeks. The men and women who have put their lives on the line for the freedom of every American deserve better than the status quo. Again, I say that we can and we must do better for our veterans. The VA MISSION Act is a positive step forward toward getting veterans the care they need. That is why I will be voting in support of it. I urge my colleagues to do the same and cast their vote in favor of the VA MISSION Act. Thank you. I yield the floor. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with Senator L
EAHY , Senator I
SAKSON , and Senator T ESTER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SHELBY. We rise today to speak about the VA MISSION Act, bipartisan legislation that would make much needed reforms to the VA Choice and VA Community Care programs. Among these reforms, the existing VA Choice program, funded as a mandatory pro-gram, will merge with a streamlined Medical Community Care program, funded with discretionary dollars. I commend my colleagues for a job well done. As chairman of the Appropriations Committee, however, I want to express my concern that this legislation au-thorizes significant discretionary spending for the VA without providing any way to pay for it under the spend-ing caps imposed by the Budget Con-trol Act, BCA. The Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill will cost $49 billion over the next 5 years— roughly $10 billion per year. Without relief from the caps plus an anticipated return to sequestration levels in 2020, this $49 billion could come at the ex-pense of existing programs, including those at the VA. I am also concerned that the under-lying bill only provides funding for the VA Choice program through May of 2019, with no funding plan for the new program which is expected to come on-line in fiscal year 2019. These problems are not insurmountable. They do, how-ever, require funding above and beyond what was contemplated in both the caps deal and the BCA. Fortunately, there is existing law and ample prece-dent for adjusting spending caps to re-flect changes resulting from a shift in mandatory spending to discretionary spending. I want to ask Senator ISAKSON and Senator T
ESTER if it is also their un-derstanding that this funding defi-ciency could imperil other VA funding and, if so, whether they will commit to assisting Senator L
EAHY and me in en-acting a solution when the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations bill comes to the floor that will provide adequate resources for the programs authorized in this bill without doing harm to existing pro-grams? Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as vice chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, I want to associate myself with Chairman S
HELBY ’s remarks. Since the inception of the Choice Program in 2014, it has been riddled with delays, programmatic problems, and fiscal in-stability. In many areas of the coun-try, the networks that were established left providers unhappy about the speed of reimbursement and veterans often trying to navigate a cumbersome sys-tem. Congress has had to provide $4.2 billion within the last year alone, just to keep the program afloat. That is why I am pleased that Senators I
SAK-
SONand T ESTER worked in a bipartisan way to try and fix Choice by estab-lishing a streamlined and consolidated program that will make non-VA care more efficient. However, to truly ad-dress these problems and provide the care that our veterans deserve, we need to not only fix the policy, but we must also provide the funding to enact that policy. This bill does not do that. The MISSION Act appropriates $5.2 billion in mandatory spending, $1.3 bil-lion of which will merely fill the fiscal year 18 shortfall in the current Choice program. The remaining balance of $3.9 billion will provide enough funding for Choice through May 2019, but leaves the program short between $1 and $1.5 billion for the rest of the fiscal year when the new program shifts to the discretionary side. According to CBO the cost only goes up in the out-years, with the major components of the new Community Care program costing an-other $8.67 billion in fiscal year 20 and more than $9.5 billion in fiscal year 21. This is unsustainable under the BCA non-defense discretionary caps, which are set in law and were negotiated prior to the passage of this bill and without accounting for these costs. We do our veterans no favors by promising care without backing it up with re-sources. I will not stand in the way of the new policy created in this bill, as I do be-lieve it creates a better Community Care program, but Chairman SHELBY  and I have a proposal that will help us fulfill our promise to our veterans by allowing for an adjustment to the caps to help us pay for this program. We in-tend to address this issue when the Senate MilCon/VA appropriations bill comes to the floor by offering an amendment that keeps the promises we are making today, and I would like to ask both Senator I
SAKSON and Senator T
ESTER for their full support with this effort. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator S
HELBY and Senator L
EAHY for their leadership on this issue and for their strong support of the VA MISSION Act. I understand their con-cerns regarding funding, and agree that the important reforms included in this bill require resources. I am committed to working with you to find an appro-priate solution as the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs bill moves to the Senate floor. Our vet-erans deserve no less. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, as rank-ing member of the Committee on Vet-erans Affairs I continue to fight hard on behalf of new policies that will allow VA to better serve our Nation’s veterans. As a former ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and VA, I am also very mindful of the need to secure the resources necessary for VA to prop-erly carry out those policies. The Choice program has been a dis-aster in Montana, and I am proud that the VA MISSION Act streamlines VA community care in a manner that makes more sense for veterans and their doctors and for community pro-viders, but as we provide the tools and authorities necessary for veterans to get the care they need, I agree that we also need to secure the resources nec-essary to achieve the goals of this leg-islation without short-changing other domestic priorities. I am therefore strongly supportive of including lan-guage in an upcoming appropriations bill that provides veterans with the certainty they deserve, and I remain committed to working with the chair-man and vice chairman on this effort. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.010 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2809 May 22, 2018 
Mrs. ERNST. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion is a small agency with a major mission. Its goal is to protect the pub-lic from the threats of injury or death associated with defective and dan-gerous products. That mission is more important today than ever before be-cause consumers face dangers from fire, electrical, chemical, or mechan-ical hazards—not only consumers but their children and families. The agency is already resource- starved. It is already depleted in terms of the support that it needs in Con-gress, and already it needs zealous and relentless advocacy. The individuals who are members of that board should be dedicated to that mission and to the safety and well- being of consumers above all. That is their mission. So, today, when we consider the nom-ination of Dana Baiocco, we should keep in mind that no matter how able and skilled and experienced a litigator she is, the question is whether she will devote those skills, ability, and experi-ence to the mission of this agency. Unfortunately, every sign that she has given indicates that her goal will be contrary to the agency’s mission. I say that, first of all, because of her ex-perience. She has participated in cases that are of extraordinary concern to Americans. In 2007 she represented Mattel as a member of their litigation team when lead was discovered in the paint of 83 different Mattel toy products; I think nearly 1 million toys. In 2007, when she represented Mattel, I was the attorney general of the State of Connecticut. I remember that well because it was known as the Year of the Recall be-cause of the frequency and the number of recalls involving unsafe products. In 2007, there were more than four recalls, on average, each week, and more than half of them were for children’s prod-ucts. It was a time when our Nation was facing this crisis in dangerous toys. Mattel ultimately was fined $2.3 million for violating the Consumer Product Safety Act and knowingly sell-ing children’s toys with contaminated paint or surface coatings. This decision was an important win for consumers and children. The Con-sumer Product Safety Commission did its job. Ms. Baiocco was on the wrong side of consumer safety in that case. Similarly, in representing the Yamaha Motor Company, a manufac-turer of off-road vehicles, she was on the wrong side, standing with the in-dustry that violated basic safety stand-ards, causing multiple injuries and law-suits when consumers were seriously maimed, injured, and harmed in oper-ating Yamaha Rhino off-road vehicles. Those injuries occurred while the CPSC was conducting a campaign on ATV safety. Ms. Baiocco’s defense of Yamaha put her on the wrong side of that issue at a time when there were more than 330 ATV-related fatalities and 101,000 ATV-related emergency de-partment-treated injuries in the United States. Another area that I know well where she was clearly on the wrong side re-lated to Big Tobacco. Ms. Baiocco rep-resented R.J. Reynolds in the early part of this century—2007—in a class action lawsuit in Florida brought by injured smokers who were seeking to recover the damages they suffered as a consequence of Big Tobacco delib-erately and purposefully addicting them, leading to lives of disease and addiction. She was on the wrong side of that issue as well—on the side of injury and industry against consumers. She was instrumental in those lawsuits, and R.J. Reynolds has been instru-mental in lobbying to encourage the extensive use of flame-retardant chemicals in upholstered furniture to deflect pressure on cigarette makers to make a fire-safe cigarette. That issue is squarely within the CPSC’s jurisdic-tion. She lacks that dedication to this agency’s mission that is critical for any Member to have. She may have skill, ability, and experience, but if it is devoted to the industry’s well-being rather than consumers, she should be working for a different agency or con-tinuing to work for a law firm that rep-resents these industries. In fact, she has worked for a very large law firm that represents many of those clients and industries, but she has refused to provide a full list of the clients and companies she has rep-resented. The only way we have gained full knowledge of these clients is to go to the law firm’s website—where, by the way, her profile cites as follows: ‘‘She is known for strategic business advice and high-intensity trials involv-ing mass torts, consumer and indus-trial products, and medical devices in federal, state, and international courts.’’ The clients are then listed in her profile. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this profile be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Jones Day] P
ROFILE —DANABAIOCCO , PARTNER  Clients describe Dana Baiocco as a ‘‘very smart and tough’’ litigator, who is ‘‘very re-sponsive and thorough’’ and ‘‘provides effi-cient and effective legal counsel relative to some very difficult situations.’’ She is known for strategic business advice and high-intensity trials involving mass torts, consumer and industrial products, and med-ical devices in federal, state, and inter-national courts. Dana counsels clients on minimizing risks, regulatory and reporting obligations, warranties, and CPSC product recalls. Dana is go-to counsel for the Boston Red Sox. She led Vibram USA’s defense in Bezdek v. Vibram, et al., a putative class action based on allegations of false and misleading advertising regarding Vibram’s extremely popular FiveFingers minimalist shoes, and she was the first chair trial lawyer winning a victory for Honeywell Safety Products and Bacou-Dalloz in New York state respirator litigation (Wiacek v. 3M, et al.) and for Parker Hannifin in aviation component part litigation (Brewer v. Dodson [aff’d, 9th Cir.]). She defended Yamaha in its Rhino product liability litigation nationwide and in a French tribunal. Dana is on Jones Day’s Product Recall & Accident Response Team, a multidisciplinary legal group prepared to re-spond in recall or crisis situations. Dana is a member of Brimmer and May School’s Annual Fund Committee and the Carousel Ball Committee for Children’s Hos-pital of Philadelphia. She is a former officer of the Pennsylvania Bar Association and the MDL Steering Committee for the Boston Bar Association. EXPERIENCE  Fenway Sports Group defends personal in-jury action—Jones Day is representing Fenway Sport Group, parent company of the Boston Red Sox Baseball Club, in a personal injury action. Electrolux attempts acquisition of GE ap-pliances business—Jones Day represented Swedish appliance maker AB Electrolux as antitrust and labor counsel in its attempted $3.3 billion acquisition of the appliances business of General Electric. Honeywell legacy subsidiaries obtain dis-missal of lawsuit alleging defectively de-signed products—On January 8, Jones Day obtained a compelling victory in a New York appellate court for Jones Day clients Willson Safety Products; Bacou-Dalloz Safety, Inc.; Bacou-Dalloz USA Safety, Inc.; and Dalloz Safety, Inc. (all owned by Honeywell Inter-national). Vibram obtains First Circuit affirmation of class action settlement agreement related to its advertising—On December 31, 2015, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit affirmed a $3.75 million class action settlement involving Jones Day clients, Vibram USA, Inc. and Vibram FiveFingers LLC, makers of the popular FiveFingers shoes. Goodman defeats class certification in pu-tative consumer class actions alleging sale of failure-prone air conditioner compo-nents—Jones Day represents Goodman Glob-al, Inc. and its affiliates, the manufacturers of central air conditioning and heating sys-tems sold under the Goodman, Amana, and Daikin brands, in a series of putative con-sumer class actions. ColdCypress acquired by division of Konica Minolta Business Solutions U.S.A.—Jones Day advised ColdCypress LLC in its acquisi-tion by All Covered, a division of Konica Mi-nolta Business Solutions U.S.A. Yamaha wins Frye motion rejecting com-puter model of accident—Jones Day rep-resented Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. (‘‘Yamaha’’) in a high-visibility case in Philadelphia where counsel from two of the lead national plaintiff’s firms were seeking significant compensatory and punitive dam-ages against Yamaha, the manufacturer of an off-road vehicle, the ‘‘Rhino.’’ Yamaha successfully defends nationwide litigation of product liability cases and claims involving the Rhino side-by-side (‘‘SxS’’) vehicle—Jones Day leads Yamaha’s defense of Rhino cases and claims pending in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.011 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2810 May 22, 2018 
Mattel settles voluntary toy recall litiga-tion—Jones Day represented Mattel, Inc. (‘‘Mattel’’) in connection with a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign lawsuits and regulatory actions arising out of vol-untary recalls of certain Mattel and Fisher- Price toys. GE defends against putative nationwide class action alleging discrimination against women in executive pay and promotions— Jones Day represented General Electric Company in a nationwide putative class ac-tion, alleging discrimination against women in the executive band in pay and promotions. Parker Hannifin wins Ninth Circuit dis-missal of wrongful death claims involving single-engine plane crash—Wrongful death claims were filed against Jones Day client, Parker Hannifin Corporation, and others re-sulting from the crash of a single-engine Beech Bonanza that claimed the lives of the pilot, his wife, and two minor children. U.K. corporate jet owner succeeds in cov-erage arbitration against London Aviation Insurance Market—Jones Day represented a U.K. private property company, owners of a Raytheon Premier 1 jet aircraft, in an arbi-tration against the London Aviation Insur-ance Market challenging declinature of a claim following constructive total loss. Parker Hannifin obtains non-suit with prejudice in wrongful death action stemming from single-engine Cessna crash—Wrongful death claims were filed, but later voluntarily dismissed, in two separate actions in Hidalgo County, Texas (near the Mexico border) against Jones Day client Parker Hannifin Corporation and others as a result of a sin-gle-engine Cessna crash in which three indi-viduals perished. Safelite Glass wins summary judgment in unfair competition action against call center operations—Jones Day represented Safelite Glass (now Belron US Inc.) in an unfair com-petition lawsuit filed in 2002 by Safelite’s competitor, Diamond Triumph Auto Glass, attacking its call center operations and seeking tens of millions of dollars. UAG defends against Tennessee and Mis-sissippi class action involving ‘‘dealer re-serve’’ revenues relating to automobile fi-nancing—Jones Day represented United Auto Group, Inc. in a multijurisdictional (Ten-nessee and Mississippi) class action settle-ment involving ‘‘dealer reserve’’ revenues re-lating to dealer-assisted automobile financ-ing. Forgital successfully defends against age discrimination claim—Jones Day advised Forgital USA, Inc. in an action brought by a former employee who claimed that his changes in job duties were a pretext for age discrimination. SSB Maschinenbau defends against wrong-ful death and product liability litigation arising out of industrial machine accident— Jones Day defended German manufacturer SSB Maschinenbau GmbH in a wrongful death and product liability case arising out of an industrial machine accident in Erie, Pennsylvania. Temple Inland defends against six wrongful death and personal injury actions arising out of explosion at particleboard manufacturing plant—Jones Day served as defense counsel to Temple Inland, Inc. in six wrongful death, personal injury actions in state and federal court arising out of an explosion at a particleboard manufacturing plant. Textron obtains dismissals in silica expo-sure cases—Jones Day represented Textron, Inc. in 88 individual personal injury claims against more than 80 different defendants. Parker Hannifin settles during appeal claims filed in wake of SilkAir crash— Parker Hannifin Corporation retained Jones Day to handle post-trial motions, damages trials, and appeals following an adverse ver-dict in cases arising out of the December 1997 crash of SilkAir 185. 
PUBLICATIONS  November 2012 No Summer Vacation for Device Regu-lators: An Overview of Recent Legislation and FDA Activity, Part II November 2012 No Summer Vacation for Device Regu-lators: An Overview of Recent Legislation and FDA Activity, Part I Winter 2012 Aviation Crisis Management: Are You Really Ready?, Practice Perspectives: Prod-uct Liability & Tort Litigation Summer 2007 The Americanization of Aviation Claims, Practice Perspectives: Product Liability & Tort Litigation December 2006 Runway Safety and Airport Operations: Are You Responsible, The Public Record March 2, 2006 Learning ‘‘Plane’’ English Can Help Law-yers in Aviation Litigation, Pittsburgh Busi-ness Times 2004 Implementing the Montreal Accord: Prac-tical Implications of the Aviation Liability Treaty, Airline Business Report White Paper 2004: Charting a Course to Meet Today’s Mar-ket Challenges July 2004 The Significance of Other Accidents in Aviation Trials, Aviation Litigation Quar-terly Spring 2003 Excluding NTSB Final Aircraft Accident Reports and FAA Airworthiness Directives at Trial, Air and Space Lawyer 
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS  February 13, 2012 The Commonwealth Institute’s Strategies for Success Program, keynote speaker—Bos-ton, Massachusetts June 22–23, 2011 American Conference Institute’s 3rd An-nual Forum on Defending and Managing Aviation Litigation—Boston, Massachusetts May 11, 2011, May 20, 2011 Pennsylvania Bar Institute presents: The Preparation and Trial of the Products Liabil-ity Case—Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania November 11, 2010 PBI Fundamentals of Products Liability Law—Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania June 22–23, 2010 American Conference Institute’s 2nd An-nual Forum on Defending and Managing Aviation Litigation—Boston, Massachusetts May 23–24, 2007 The Changing Legal Climate Surrounding Ownership Structuring, Use, and Operation of Corporate Jets—Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio February 14, 2007 The Americanization of Aviation Claims, IATA Legal Symposium 2007—Istanbul, Tur-key February 13, 2007 Global Environmental Initiatives—Where We Are Today, Where We Are Going Tomor-row, IATA Legal Symposium 2007—Istanbul, Turkey January 31, 2007 Proven Strategies for Successfully Man-aging the Demands of a Law Practice and Personal Life, Pennsylvania Bar Institute CLE program—Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania September 14, 2006 Participant on a panel which discussed liti-gation and insurance issues arising out of fixed base operator negligence, 26th Annual Pennsylvania Aviation Conference—Wilkes- Barre, Pennsylvania June 6, 2006 The Changing Legal Climate Surrounding Ownership Structuring, Use And Operation Of Corporate Jets—Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania EDUCATION  Duquesne University (J.D. 1997, cum laude; Justice Louis Mandarino Honor Society for Achievement in Trial and Appellate Advo-cacy; Order of Barristers); Ohio University (B.S. in Journalism 1988) 
BAR ADMISSIONS  Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, U.S. District Courts for the District of Massachusetts and Eastern and Western Districts of Pennsyl-vania, and U.S. Courts of Appeal for the First, Third, and Ninth Circuits 
CLERKSHIPS  Law Clerk to Judge Gustave Diamond, U.S. District Court, Western District of Pennsyl-vania (1996–1998) 
EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS  Fenway Sports Group defends personal in-jury action Electrolux attempts acquisition of GE ap-pliances business Honeywell legacy subsidiaries obtain dis-missal of lawsuit alleging defectively de-signed products 
AREAS OF FOCUS  Business & Tort Litigation Product Liability Litigation Airlines & Aviation Class Action & Multidistrict Litigation Toxic Tort Litigation 
HONORS & DISTINCTIONS  Legal 500—leading lawyer or recommended in litigation for product liability and mass tort defense: consumer products (including tobacco) (2013–2014), toxic tort (2014–2016), automotive/transport (2015–2016), and aero-space/aviation (2007, 2009–2011, and 2014) Selected by American Lawyer Media as one of 35 Pennsylvania lawyers as a ‘‘2005 Lawyer on the Fast Track’’ Named a ‘‘Pennsylvania Super Lawyer, Rising Star’’ by Philadelphia Magazine and Law & Politics (2005–2007) 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I take this ex-traordinary step because she has failed to provide it in response to a specific question I asked in the written inquir-ies we submitted after her testimony. She said, in effect, she was ‘‘duty bound to maintain the confidential na-ture of legal advice sought by or pro-vided to any client.’’ This claim of attorney-client privi-lege is absolutely bogus and ought to insult this body because there is no reason for the name of the client to be kept confidential or that attorney-cli-ent privilege to be sustained. I think invocation of attorney-client privilege in this way speaks volumes to the kind of member of this Commission she would be. In fact, she has refused to reveal her full list of consumer product clients, other than the ones like Mattel and Yamaha, which are available through court filings and other public records. I have entered many of those other clients into the R
ECORD , but we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.005 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2811 May 22, 2018 
have no assurance that we know that full list. She has also refused to recuse herself from matters involving her current firm, Jones Day, or its clients for more than 1 year. The Office of Government Ethics requires 1 year of recusal from the time she last represented that cli-ent, but no more than that length of time, and she has committed no more than the bare minimum requirement by law. In addition, her husband has represented IKEA in a major product liability suit involving furniture tipovers. She has refused to recuse her-self from matters involving IKEA. We are in a perilous time, when the norms concerning conflicts of interest have been reduced, almost eviscerated. We have an obligation to protect con-sumer interests at the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission. That responsi-bility is to make sure serious defects, dangerous products, problems, and haz-ards that will face consumers as a re-sult of deadly or defective products are prevented from reaching the market. Consumers may have no knowledge of how they are deadly or dangerous. The Consumer Product Safety Commission has the mission to protect consumers. For someone who has the ability, skills, and expertise to represent wrongdoers which threaten consumers is the responsibility of admirable and able law firms, like Jones Day, and those skills and experience enable law-yers who work there. It is not the job of a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. So it is really not about her personal ability, it is about the mission of this agency and who is qualified to serve on it and whether they have told us every-thing we need to know to hold them ac-countable if they are confirmed. On all those scores, this nominee is lacking. Therefore, I urge my col-leagues to vote no today on her nomi-nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The assistant majority leader. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE REPUBLICAN -LED 
CONGRESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am sure I am not unique in the fact that when I go home, my constituents ask: What in the heck is going on up there? The truth is, amid the polarization, the misinformation, the arguments, the disagreements we naturally will have—because we represent different parties, different regions, and different points of view—it is really important to occasionally reflect on what it is we have actually done because, as I learned a long time ago as a journalism student, good news is not news. What makes news is when there is conflict and disagreement. That is what people pay attention to. That is what reporters write about, that is what the cable TV channels run be-cause they know people will watch it. They can sell advertising. That is sort of the way the system works. Good news needs to be told and needs to be spread. So what I would like to do is just reflect for a few minutes on the last 17 months and what has been ac-complished during that year and a half by a Republican-led Congress and by the Trump administration working to-gether. I think, perhaps, the single biggest accomplishment that has benefited the most people broadly across this great land of ours is the new energized state of our economy. During the last admin-istration, following the great recession of 2008, we had this ahistorical idea that slow economic growth was the new norm; that sub-2 percent economic growth each year—which isn’t fast enough to create enough jobs to keep people employed—was something we were just going to have to live with. The fact is, since World War II, the economy has not grown at 2 percent or less; it has grown at about 3.2 percent. What we are beginning to see is the slumbering giant of the American economy wake up and grow. People have confidence again and optimism in the future, which is a good thing. Un-employment fell to 3.9 percent re-cently, which is the lowest in 17 years, and 14 States hit record-low unemploy-ment as well. As I said, consumer confidence is high. As a matter of fact, it is at an 18- year high, and the tax reform package we passed last December has been the biggest, single game-changer. Al-though, I want to talk about regula-tions in a minute, the tax reform pack-age got America back in the game. It made us more competitive globally as a place where people who want to in-vest money and create a business or grow their business—it is attractive, fi-nally. We aren’t chasing people off, having to move offshore in order to compete globally. They now see Amer-ica as a favorable place to invest, and that benefits all of us. Nearly 800,000 jobs have been created, 164,000 in April alone. To me, one of the most encouraging statistics is, in Feb-ruary, we saw more than 800,000 people rejoin the workforce. Unemployment statistics, as the Presiding Officer knows, can be a little bit misleading because sometimes when people quit looking for work, they are not re-flected in the unemployment statistics, even though they are obviously unem-ployed. The fact that 800,000-plus Americans decided to rejoin the workforce because they thought there was a real chance they could get a good-paying job ought to be enormously encouraging to all of us. It is to me. In addition to the new jobs, in addi-tion to more people joining the work-force, we have seen people who are working receive pay raises, more take- home pay. The retirement contribution their employers made to their 401(k) plan went up in hundreds of different cases. We have also seen people see a reduc-tion in their utility rates—the amount of money they pay for electricity—be-cause the for-profit utilities saw a cut in their taxable revenue, and because they are utilities they had to lower the rates in order to meet the require-ments of the regulators. We have seen bonuses being paid by large companies, like AT&T in Texas, and commitments made to invest in more infrastructure. We have seen benefits across the board. The National Association of Manufac-turers says that 77 percent of manufac-turers in America intend to increase hiring, and 93 percent of them have a positive outlook for their companies. That is the kind of optimism I feel and hear when I travel back home. In visits to Amarillo, College Sta-tion, Austin, and elsewhere, I have had the chance and taken the opportunity to sit down and talk to my constitu-ents in those places and ask: How is it going? How are we doing? How are you doing? What I hear from small business owners regularly is the benefits they are seeing from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I have also had constituents write to my office, explaining how the boost in their monthly paychecks is making a big difference when it comes to making ends meet, buying groceries, paying their bills, or affording health insur-ance. I alluded to this a moment ago, but one recent piece of news had the South-western Electric Power Company an-nounce it had requested its utility rates be lower. Actually, it probably didn’t request it be lowered, but they were lowered as a result of their lower overhead as a result of their tax bill going down. Southwestern has more than 180,000 Texas customers and attributed the rate decreases directly to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I would say that is a good thing. When seniors and people on fixed incomes actually see their utility rates go down, it helps them make ends meet. Entergy Texas, another electric utility, has similar plans to return tax savings to customers and support con-tinued investment. Those two compa-nies are just the tip of the iceberg. The economy is booming, so much so that employers tell me it is hard to find qualified workers. We need to dou-ble down on our commitment to make sure we provide people access to the education and training they need to qualify for the new, high-paying jobs that exist. But, simply, those jobs can’t always be filled because there are not enough trained workers to perform them. It is not just the economy that de-serves our mention. One of the most significant things that the Trump ad-ministration has done is nominate and see the Senate confirm a record num-ber of judges—judges who, by the way, are committed to faithfully inter-preting the Constitution and not legis-lating from the bench because of their personal preferences. If you want to pursue a personal agenda or political agenda, you ought to run for Congress, not seek the Fed-eral bench. We expect and demand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.013 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2812 May 22, 2018 
something different out of judges, which is faithful adherence to the law, not imposing their personal policy preferences. That is what President Trump has prioritized in his nominees and the nominees we have confirmed. Twenty-one circuit court judges have been confirmed so far. That is roughly one-eighth of the appeals court judges in the United States. These circuit courts hear appeals from Federal dis-trict courts, trial courts, and, as the Presiding Officer knows, set binding precedent on a wide range of issues. I like to say that for all practical pur-poses, the circuit courts are the Su-preme Court because the Supreme Court of the United States hears roughly 80 cases a year. They obviously set the precedent, but there are a lot of cases that never reach the Supreme Court, and their final court of last re-sort is the circuit court. That means the men and women presiding over those courts—the way they approach their judicial decision making—is mak-ing a real difference. As I said, with the help of the Senate, President Trump has secured confirma-tion for 21 circuit court nominees. It is worth pointing out that President Obama’s 21st circuit court nominee was not confirmed until he was in office for 33 months. It is not just that we are confirming good judges; it is that we are doing so at a good clip, compara-tively speaking. These judges include people like Don Willett, former justice of the Texas Su-preme Court; Jim Ho, the former Texas solicitor general; and soon, Andy Oldham, the general counsel to Gov-ernor Greg Abbott, who has been nomi-nated to the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals. That is not to mention the very tal-ented district court judges we have confirmed as well. Two of them, Karen Scholer and David Counts, are Texans, and both my State and the entire Fed-eral judiciary are lucky to have them. The third thing I want to mention in terms of the economy is regulations be-cause of what we have been able to do, working with the President when it comes to the regulatory state—the bu-reaucracy, the nameless, faceless enti-ties that make life either easier or more difficult for small businesses. We have had a big impact. Specifically, we have repealed burdensome Obama-era regulations through the Congressional Review Act. It has been said before— and I will say it again—that in all of Senate history, it had been used only one time before; that is, to repeal the ergonomics rule. We have used it 16 times to eliminate agency rules that had found their way into law during the waning hours of the previous ad-ministration. This effort—the Congressional Re-view Act effort—has been spearheaded by people like the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, among others. It has eliminated rules like coal mining regu-lation that would have put more than 100,000 jobs at risk and another one en-acted by the Department of Education that undermined local control of schools and directly violated a Federal statute at least 7 times. Our use of the Congressional Review Act has been referred to as a ‘‘regu-latory wrecking ball’’ and the ‘‘most ambitious regulatory rollback since [President Ronald] Reagan.’’ I don’t agree it has been a wrecking ball. I think it has been more of a sur-gical operation. It has provided a sig-nal to businesses, as well as real regu-latory relief in those 16 specific cases. I think that is another reason for opti-mism in the sense that the Federal Government is no longer tying one hand behind the backs of our job cre-ators. Another important development has been finally rolling back some of the overregulation of Dodd-Frank. You will recall this was legislation that passed following the great meltdown recession of 2008. Like most things that happen in Washington, DC, the pendulum swung way too far. I tell my community bankers and the credit unions in Texas: You weren’t the target, but you were the collateral damage. They didn’t cause the great recession of 2008, the subprime mort-gage lending crisis; that was the big boys on Wall Street. Thanks to Senator C
RAPO and the Banking Committee and a bipartisan effort in the Senate, we finally pulled back some of the overregulation. If small community banks were going to be able to stay in business, they were required to hire people just to fill out the paperwork—not to make more loans but to fill out the paperwork. Many of them couldn’t survive at all, so they had to merge or just go away. The people who got hurt the most were the people who needed access to cred-it—again, our small businesses. Thankfully, this bill is now expected to pass the House this week, and it will be a big win for smaller financial insti-tutions and make it easier for them to serve their communities by providing mortgages, providing credit, and lend-ing to small businesses. That is the past. Let’s take a peek forward to this next week. This week, we will keep our commitment to our veterans—people who have worn the uniform of the U.S. military and who have served us so well and to whom we have a moral obligation, I believe, to keep our commitments to them—the promises we made to them when they were on Active Duty that when they left Active Duty, we would keep our commitments. We will do that when we vote on the VA MISSION Act this week. This is a bipartisan, bicameral bill that will make significant reforms to the Department of Veterans Affairs. It will strengthen the healthcare and community care options that are avail-able to America’s veterans. It will pro-vide $5.2 billion to the much needed Choice funding program to prevent interruption of access to needed care for veterans. In other words, we have said: If you are a veteran and can’t get to a des-ignated VA healthcare facility—a hos-pital or clinic—you can get treated in your community by a hospital or other healthcare provider, and we will pay the fee. If you have to wait too long in line, if you have to drive too far, you will have healthcare options. That is why funding the $5.2 billion for the Choice Program is so important. This bill will also provide caregiver assistance and consolidates the VA’s seven community care programs into one streamlined program and will allow veterans, as I said, to seek care when and where it makes the most sense for them. On the caregiver program, I can’t help but remember when I visited Wal-ter Reed, visiting some of our warriors injured in the line of duty in places like Afghanistan and Iraq. Frequently, the spouse of a wounded warrior has to quit his or her job to care for their loved one. It is an important aspect of the continuum of care necessary for them to recover and get back on their feet. We are going to provide greater access to caregiver assistance so that spouses and family members can do ex-actly that. It is the right thing for us to do. Our VA MISSION bill also authorizes access to walk-in community clinics, removes bureaucratic redtape by au-thorizing local provider agreements, and eliminates barriers for VA healthcare professionals to practice telemedicine. In this new technological age, it makes no sense to have restric-tions on the ability of people to get ac-cess to care through telemedicine, when and where appropriate. I want to conclude by saying that I appreciate Chairman I
SAKSON , Senator M
ORAN , and others working with the President and Acting Director Wilkie to get this done before funding runs out. I appreciate all of our colleagues who have worked on this on a bipar-tisan basis. Last week, the House passed the bill, so now it is our turn. What a great sign of appreciation to our veterans it will be to get this bill passed and to the President’s desk and have it signed be-fore Memorial Day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I come to the floor today and rise to speak on a challenge that our rural health com-munities face both in Alabama and across the country. People living in rural areas often face difficulty in find-ing healthcare providers. The chal-lenges of consistent, quality healthcare for rural America are exponentially more difficult than in any other area in the country. These persistent gaps in healthcare inevitably lead to poor health outcomes. As a result, life expectancy for rural Alabamans is approximately 6 months lower than for those who reside in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.015 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2813 May 22, 2018 
urban areas and 31⁄2years lower than for people living in the rest of the country. In some parts of my State, the outlook is even worse. In Wilcox County, for example, life expectancy is 9 years lower than the national aver-age. That is unacceptable. The county of your birth or where you choose to live should not dictate the quality of your life, much less your life expect-ancy. Despite the prosperity some pockets of the country feel today, outcomes don’t seem to be improving in many areas in rural America. Alabama’s rural hospitals are at risk, and many are in immediate danger of closing. Sadly, some already have. Just last week, yet another hospital—this one in Jacksonville, AL—announced that they would close; it is about the 12th, I think, since 2011. It has become an all- too-familiar pattern in Alabama and in other rural areas in America. That means the quality and number of treat-ment options in these rural areas and in Alabama continue to decline. Fifty- two of Alabama’s rural counties are facing primary care shortages, and those numbers get worse for specialty practitioners like dentistry and obstet-rics. Having spent nearly my entire life in Alabama—the only exception being 1 year in Washington, DC, working for this body on the Senate Judiciary Committee—I am acutely aware of the unique difficulties we face in keeping folks healthy. As I have traveled across Alabama over the last year, I have heard from folks who struggle to access medical care. I have heard from expect-ant mothers who didn’t know if they would be able to make it to a hospital in time for delivery because the closest one was more than an hour away. I have heard from people who are im-pacted by the growing opioid epidemic and the lack of substance abuse and mental health treatment options in their communities. When I came to the Senate, I knew I needed and wanted to make increasing access to quality, affordable healthcare one of my first priorities. I also knew that finding the Holy Grail of true healthcare reform in today’s world of partisan politics is a difficult and com-plex task. I am proud to say that we have made some progress since I got here in January. For instance, through bipartisan efforts, the expired Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP, which provides coverage to 150,000 Alabama kids as well as commu-nity health centers that serve 350,000 Alabamans, was funded for an addi-tional 10 years in the future. I am proud that we secured an additional 3 years of funding for community health centers in that bill, which provides the primary source of healthcare in many underserved communities. I was also a cosponsor of the Train-ing the Next Generation of Primary Care Doctors Act, which was signed into law as part of the bipartisan budg-et deal. That legislation is critical for folks in my State, both in the training it provides to doctors in community health centers and in rural health clin-ics, but also because it ensures that talented individuals who choose to stay in the healthcare professions stay and practice in their community. Bipartisan legislation like that bill is one of the many ways that we can im-prove how folks receive healthcare in the United States. There is, of course, another option, which leaders in Ala-bama have failed to take, and that is to expand Medicaid. By failing to expand Medicaid, many of Alabama’s most vul-nerable citizens have been denied ac-cess to basic care, and we turned away literally billions of our own taxpayer dollars in the process. That decision just doesn’t make sense. While I re-main hopeful that my State’s leader-ship will reconsider the shortsighted decision made solely for political rea-sons, I am going to continue to work to find ways to help. For example, I will continue to advocate for changes in the Medicaid wage index, which has been unfairly hurting Alabama healthcare providers and has been doing so for years. For my part, today, taking one addi-tional step, I am proud to say that my very first piece of original legislation will focus on improving rural healthcare through making govern-ment more efficient. Today, along with my colleagues Senators M
IKEROUNDS  and T
INASMITH, I am introducing the Rural Health Liaison Act. I wish to thank and acknowledge Congress-woman C
HERI BUSTOS for her leadership on this issue in the House and her offer to partner in this important effort. The bipartisan Rural Health Liaison Act will streamline Federal investment in rural healthcare and improve coordi-nation between Federal agencies and other healthcare stakeholders by cre-ating a Rural Health Liaison within the U.S. Department of Agriculture. I believe the USDA is an appropriate spot for such a position because the De-partment plays a major role in rural development efforts. For instance, the USDA has the capability to finance the construction of hospitals, to imple-ment telemedicine programs, and to carry out health education initiatives. We want to make sure that these ef-forts are fully coordinated and lever-aged with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and other Federal agencies, as well as other im-portant healthcare stakeholders. Among other things, the Rural Health Liaison would consult with HHS on rural health issues and im-prove communication with all Federal agencies. It will provide expertise on rural healthcare issues. It will lead and coordinate strategic planning on rural health activities within the USDA, and it would advocate on behalf of the healthcare and relevant infrastructure needs in rural areas. I thank Senators R
OUNDS and S MITH for their support on this important leg-islation, and I look forward to working together with them and other col-leagues to move this bill forward. This is a great example of how Senators from both sides of the aisle can come together to propose commonsense leg-islation to make government work bet-ter and more efficiently. It is exactly the kind of work that I hoped to do when I arrived here just a few months ago. But this is just another step in a very complicated process. In the months ahead, I hope to have the opportunity to continue to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle in this body to lower healthcare costs, to increase ac-cess to quality healthcare, and to im-prove the health and well-being of peo-ple living in rural Alabama, in rural America, and, in fact, for people all across this great Nation. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, will the Senator yield? Mr. JONES. Absolutely, yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. This Senator from Florida wants to thank his neighbor and colleague for his comments and to say how true it is that there is an un-derserved part in healthcare that is not only the underserved in the inner city but, clearly, also in rural America. This Senator wants to thank the Sen-ator from Alabama for coming forward with that piece of legislation. I look forward to discussing it with him. I also wish to thank the Senator for his comments about how shortsighted it is that the government, as he stated, in his State of Alabama, and, certainly, the government in my State of Florida, refuses to expand Medicaid and has so for almost 7 years, when, in fact, in the State of Florida, there is almost $5 bil-lion a year that is sitting on the shelf that is Florida taxpayer money that is going elsewhere if not accessed, and it has not been accessed in my State of Florida. That is 800,000 people—almost 1 million people—poor people and dis-abled folks who would be getting healthcare, and they otherwise are not getting healthcare. Would the Senator believe that when they don’t get healthcare through Med-icaid, for which they are eligible under the law, when they get sick, what do they do? They end up going to the emergency room. By not having any preventive care, it is now an emer-gency. Of course, when treated at the emergency room, it is the most expen-sive place at the worst time. Lo and be-hold, it is uncompensated care, and the hospital can’t eat all of that uncom-pensated care. So what happens? All the rest of us pay through increases in our premiums. I thank the Senator for his state-ment about what is happening in my neighboring State of Alabama. Mr. JONES. I say thank you to Sen-ator NELSON . I appreciate that. Al-though our numbers are not as stag-gering in our State of Alabama, they are still significant for the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.016 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2814 May 22, 2018 
Alabama with regard to Medicaid. So I will state that I appreciate the Sen-ators comments very much, and I look forward to working with him on this bill and helping to move it forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise today regarding the nomination of Dana Baiocco to serve as a Commis-sioner on the Consumer Product Safety Commission, or, as we refer to it, the CPSC. It is a small, safety-focused agency. It has about 500 employees, but it has a critically important mission to keep Americans safe from potential de-fects in thousands of consumer prod-ucts, many of which are imported from China. We have seen the need to have a strong cop on the beat, and we have seen that many times over the years. For example, back in 2007, we saw what was referred to as a summer of recalls, when a number of children’s toys were recalled for high levels of lead and other toxic substances. In response to that summer of recalls in 2007, Congress almost unanimously passed a law, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, to ad-dress the safety of toys and other chil-dren’s products. But there is still a lot more to do. Last summer, another tragedy played out in Florida, involving portable gen-erators. People go and buy these port-able generators in anticipation that they are going to lose electricity in their home, as is so often the case with a hurricane. In the wake of Hurricane Irma last year, 12 Floridians died and a number of others were injured by the use of portable generators because car-bon monoxide poisoning is emitted from these portable generators. In many cases, the victims were just try-ing to clean up debris or provide power to their families after the storm, un-aware that these generators give off large amounts of carbon monoxide, which is colorless, odorless, and deadly. For years we have been calling on the CPSC to ensure that portable genera-tors are equipped with mechanisms that limit carbon monoxide emissions and automatically shut off the genera-tors when the carbon monoxide level reaches a high, dangerous lethal level in an enclosed area that could cause death. It is a small modification to generators that would not affect the performance but definitely would save lives. This happens after every hurricane. People get generators because it is a number of days or weeks without elec-tricity, and they still want to have electricity, and, of course, there are untold deaths. In the case of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, there were 12 deaths. If small modifications had been in place last summer, it is very likely that some of those Florid-ians who lost their lives would still be with us. That brings me to Ms. Baiocco’s nomination. She certainly has a distin-guished legal career. She has been a partner of a major law firm, and I con-gratulate her on that. When she was in front of our Com-merce Committee, she was asked whether she would support a manda-tory standard requiring that genera-tors have mechanisms that limit car-bon monoxide emissions or other de-vices that switch the generators off when the carbon monoxide level rises to dangerous levels. Her response was that we should defer to a voluntary in-dustry standard. I ask the Presiding Officer: Do you think the industry is going to volun-tarily put on these shutoff mecha-nisms? Isn’t the CPSC there for the purpose of protecting the public? When the next hurricane hits—per-haps in the Presiding Officer’s State— do we want another dozen deaths as has occurred in Florida? I don’t think so. I think that is the role of the CPSC, and yet Ms. Baiocco said she wants it to be voluntary with the industry. Well, that is exactly what we have been doing for years, and we just keep seeing more deaths and more injuries because the industry doesn’t change it. In some cases, whole families have been wiped out. That is not a pleasant thought. Hurricane season starts June 1, and every day that the CPSC fails to act on portable generators, more Americans will die, especially where hurricanes hit. The place called ‘‘hurricane high-way’’ is not only the peninsula of Flor-ida but also the Gulf States and the gulf coast, which includes the Pre-siding Officer’s State. The fact that Ms. Baiocco cannot recognize the need for a mandatory standard in this area makes me wonder if she is going to do anything about other hazards that im-pact our families. Mr. President, I ask for 60 more sec-onds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is serious. There are things like poten-tially toxic flame-retardant chemicals in children’s products. Remember all of those Chinese toys that were defective? Or what about recycled crumb rubber that is used in playgrounds that have high levels of toxic substances? Sadly, it seems that with the admin-istration’s recent appointments to the CPSC, the Commission could soon be-come known as the ‘‘commission to protect shareholders and companies.’’ This Senator believes that the people appointed to protect us have to display a desire to protect the consumers first. The stakes are just too high. Unfortu-nately, this Senator, a member of the Commerce Committee, has concluded that Ms. Baiocco does not meet this standard. Therefore, I must oppose her nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to con-clude my remarks regarding this up-coming vote prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise today to voice my strong support for the nomination of Dana Baiocco to be a Commissioner at the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission. Ms. Baiocco has dedicated her career to product safety and liability matters, and it is my firm belief that her depth of experi-ence and familiarity with consumer product safety issues will bring an im-portant perspective to the Commission once she is confirmed. Born and raised in Yorkville, OH, Ms. Baiocco attended the Duquesne Univer-sity School of Law, graduating cum laude in 1997. While still in law school, Ms. Baiocco served as a law clerk for the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. In 1998, she joined the law firm of Jones Day and became a partner in 2007, where she has dedicated her legal career to coun-seling clients on product safety and li-ability issues. In 2011, she became one of the founding partners of Jones Day’s Boston office, which opened that same year. Currently, the CPSC retains a 3-to-1 Democratic majority. While the Com-merce Committee has favorably re-ported Ms. Baiocco’s nomination, as well as Acting Chairman Anne Marie Buerkle’s nomination twice this Con-gress, both have been unfairly held up by some on the other side. The CPSC deserves a fully constituted Commis-sion of Senate-confirmed leaders. Ms. Baiocco’s confirmation is a crucial measure of good governance to restore balance to the Commission. To date, I have not heard a single ar-gument against Ms. Baiocco’s abilities. Notwithstanding her extensive quali-fications to be an effective Commis-sioner at the CPSC, however, some of our colleagues on the other side have voiced concerns about her nomination on the grounds that her career rep-resenting business clients in the con-sumer product and liability space may impact her impartiality when consid-ering issues before the Commission. A few have also raised concerns about her impartiality on the basis of her spouse’s career as a litigator and part-ner at the law firm of White and Wil-liams. Well, to my colleagues who harbor such concerns, I would note that the Senate routinely confirms nominees who are lawyers with private practice backgrounds, and we expect such of-ficeholders to advocate for the public interest just as zealously as they once advocated for their clients. I would also remind our colleagues of the role the Office of Government Eth-ics plays in ensuring that nominees have resolved any actual or apparent conflict of interests before they are even considered by the Senate. The Of-fice of Government Ethics has closely scrutinized Ms. Baiocco’s financial dis-closures to ensure compliance with all requirements and evaluated Ms. Baiocco’s finances and background for conflicts of interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.018 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2815 May 22, 2018 
Further, Ms. Baiocco has formerly pledged in her ethics agreement that she would recuse herself from matters involving her firm, Jones Day, or its clients unless issued a waiver. She also specifically stated in her ethics agree-ment that she will not ‘‘participate personally or substantially in any par-ticular matter involving specific par-ties in which [she knows] a client of her spouse is a party or represents a party’’ unless authorized. Additionally, she has complied with all matters con-cerning the management of her finan-cial assets in the future. It is my firm belief that Ms. Baiocco’s experience will afford a unique perspective as a commissioner and serve the CPSC well. There is no legitimate reason to delay her con-firmation any further. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support her nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Baiocco nomi-nation? Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 103 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—5 
Bennet Cardin Duckworth Gardner McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. Johnny Isakson, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, John Booz-man, Thom Tillis, Jerry Moran, Joni Ernst, David Perdue, Roy Blunt, John Hoeven, Bill Cassidy, Dan Sullivan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in Na-tional Parks, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 91, nays 4, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 104 Leg.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—4 
Lee Merkley Rounds Sanders 
NOT VOTING—5 
Bennet Cardin Duckworth Gardner McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 91, the nays are 4. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:03 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Cloture having been invoked, the clerk will re-port the House message to accompany S. 2372. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 2246 (to the House amendment to the bill), to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 2247 (to amend-ment No. 2246), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Veterans Affairs’, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 2248, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 2249 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 2248), of a per-fecting nature. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.019 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2816 May 22, 2018 
McConnell amendment No. 2250 (to amend-ment No. 2249), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, we have all seen the headlines across the Na-tion about the VA Choice Program and how it has failed our veterans. I wish to share some of those headlines from my home State of Montana. From Montana Public Radio, the headline was: ‘‘Montana Hospitals: New VA Program Fails To Pay.’’ From NBC Montana, the headline was: ‘‘New problems for Veterans Choice in Montana.’’ From the Billings Gazette, the head-line read: ‘‘Painful truth about Mon-tana VA.’’ As I travel around the State, as I hear from veterans who come back to Washington, DC, I personally have heard from them, from countless healthcare professionals, from our hos-pitals regarding payment delays, long waiting times, and elusive runaround on the most basic services. Under the Choice Program, our vet-erans did not receive the healthcare they deserved. However, the bipartisan MISSION Act will follow through on the promises that were made to our veterans. Rural veterans will get great-er, easier, quicker access to the care they need. Whether a veteran lives 20, 30, or 40 miles from a VA clinic, they can go elsewhere if the VA does provide them with the services they need. It brings VA care into the 21st century by encouraging telemedicine and strengthens oversight of opioid pre-scriptions. Veterans will have more ac-cess to doctors because there will be measures holding companies account-able—companies like Health Net—for how they manage the new program. It provides scholarships to encourage medical and dental students to serve in the VA, and it creates a new loan re-payment program for medical students who are training in specialties that are currently lacking in the VA. This is one of the big problems we have. We can’t fill the slots with med-ical professionals in the VA. It is about time we take meaningful steps toward fully delivering on the promises we have made to our veterans. On this Memorial Day week, I wish to share that we have passed my bill to name VA clinics in Missoula and Bil-lings after Montana veterans David Thatcher, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and Benjamin Steele. My bill has been sent to President Trump’s desk for his signature. With the passage of the MIS-SION Act, these three clinics will be delivering new and improved care and will also display the names of three Montana World War II heroes. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in supporting the VA MISSION Act. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to bring attention to a particular provision of the bill now before the Senate—a provision that would do so much to help our country fulfill its promise to our veterans—and that is to expand and strengthen the VA’s caregiver program. This program may not be well known outside of military family circles, but, make no mistake, the caregiver pro-gram could be a game changer for the estimated 5.5 million people across this country who put their lives on hold to care for a loved one who returned from service with illness or injury. I met one of those caregivers not too long ago in my home State of Wash-ington. Tiffany Smiley wears many hats. She is a mother, a wife, a nurse, and a veteran caregiver. She and her husband Scotty first met back in jun-ior high, and years later they were married. He signed up to serve our country and Tiffany became a military spouse. Then, in 2005, she got the call every military family fears. Scotty had been severely injured in a suicide bombing in Iraq. He was alive, but he lost his eyesight permanently. As Tiffany describes it, her world was shaken to its core, and their lives were never the same again. But Tiffany, like so many other military spouses, didn’t think twice about whether she would care for her husband and their growing family. It was just a matter of how she could do it. To this day, Tiffany is an amazing advocate for the caregiver program and what it has meant to her and to her family. She describes both the good days and the bad days, so those of us not in her shoes can understand some of the chal-lenges they face. She does it because she knows she is not alone. She knows that sharing her experience is making a difference to educate the rest of the country about what it means to be a veteran’s caregiver. It is so true. I heard from countless people who, when their loved one came home from service with an injury or illness, made big life changes by quit-ting a job, scaling back their hours, or taking leave from college. They put big purchases, retirements, and dream va-cations on hold or they took on more parenting responsibilities. You name it. They sprang into action and did what they needed to do, because that is just what you do when it is someone you love. We know that the care military care-givers provide comes at a cost. Several years ago, the Dole Foundation com-missioned the largest ever study of its kind to examine the sacrifice of mili-tary caregivers. It showed that some caregivers spend more than 40 hours a week caring for veterans. That is the equivalent of a full-time job, and that takes a toll. The study showed that caregivers have significantly worse health than noncaregivers. They run a higher risk of depression because they put their own physical and mental well-being on hold. The stress of pro-viding care can strain relationships and increase divorce rates. So care-givers—or, as they are often called, our hidden heroes—don’t necessarily wear a uniform or go overseas, but they sac-rifice a whole lot and they serve our country in ways most people find un-imaginable. That is why expanding the caregiver program to veterans of all eras is so important, because the program pro-vides resources and support, including training and counseling, a stipend, ac-cess to healthcare, respite, and more. This bill expands the support services for caregivers to address their still unmet needs. That includes offering fi-nancial and legal advice to deal with the many complex and difficult chal-lenges that arise that are unique to being a caregiver. Not only does the caregiver program recognize the sacrifice of caregivers, but it also puts decisions about care into the hands of the veterans and their loved ones. They can decide to be at home with onsite care or on their own terms and as independent as pos-sible. That is really important. The fact that we are so close to getting this program expansion across the finish line goes to show how far we have moved this conversation. That is also why we have to keep pushing it for-ward—so veterans and military care-givers never feel like they have to face these problems alone, because the re-ality is that if a servicemember is hurt while fighting for our country, the re-sponsibility of care should never fall to only one family. It is the responsibility and the duty of our entire Nation to have their backs and give them what they need. We can’t stop until we get this done. We can’t stop until every veteran and military caregiver knows that their country is there for them on their terms, no matter what. I am so proud that the caregivers program expansion is front and center in the VA MISSION Act now before the Senate. On behalf of Tiffany and Scotty and all of the other military families out there, I urge my colleagues to express their support for this critically important program. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer and the amendments pend-ing thereto fall. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO RICH OWENS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, as my colleagues know, one of the best times of the week for me is when I get to come down to the floor and talk about some of my great constituents back home in Alaska, somebody or a group of Alaskans I refer to as the ‘‘Alaskan of the Week.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.024 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2817 May 22, 2018 
We all think we come from great States, but what I really enjoy about talking about the Alaskan of the week is not just talking about Alaska and how beautiful and big and majestic it is but also about the people who make it such a great place. In this ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ presentation, I want to talk about not just Rich Owens, whom I am going to talk a lot about this after-noon, but also small businesses in Alas-ka—in this case, in Anchorage, my hometown. As you know, the owners of these businesses really make a positive impact on communities like Anchorage or States like Alaska or really the whole country. When you think of Alaska, you think of food. Particularly right now, as spring is in full swing, you think of our delicious salmon. I have good news for all the salmon lovers out there: Copper River salmon season opened last week. It is some of the best wild salmon on the planet. You might also think about our halibut and black cod, king crab, shrimp, and oysters. We actually serve that to our fellow Senators here when we have lunch. I know the Presiding Officer loves Alaskan seafood. I want people to actually realize that some of our food is ice cream. I know that sounds strange—ice cream in Alaska. In fact, it is said that Alaskans consume more ice cream per capita than any other State in the country. Go figure on that one. That doesn’t surprise Rich Owens, our Alaskan of the week, who is the owner of the bus-tling Tastee Freez on the corner of Jewel Lake and Raspberry Road in An-chorage. That Tastee Freez, which opened in Anchorage at a slightly dif-ferent location 60 years ago, is one of the oldest Tastee Freezes in the coun-try, and it sells more ice cream than any other Tastee Freez in America. That is remarkable. Rich also claims the largest menu of any Tastee Freez in the United States. Like so many of our great small busi-nesses, it is much more than just an ice cream store. To those who live in An-chorage and many who live across the State, Rich’s Tastee Freez is an insti-tution. It is a bulwark for the commu-nity, thanks largely to Rich’s owner-ship. Since he bought the business in 1994, he has made giving back to his community his top priority in so many different ways beyond running that great small business. Rich was raised in a small town in Montana. His father was a pharmacist, and his parents owned a drugstore. Giv-ing back to the community was some-thing he saw his parents do every sin-gle day. ‘‘It was not the exception,’’ Rich said, ‘‘it was the rule.’’ Rich came to Alaska in the 1980s to work at what is now the Millennium Hotel—another great business in Alas-ka. In 1994, he bought the Tastee Freez. Since that time, Rich has donated his time and energy and, importantly, his philanthropy to our great State and our community. Let me provide a few examples. Rich is a huge champion for our schools. That can mean delivering up to 400 sundaes to elementary schools when they have a family reading or math night. He helps fund school trips for students who need help. Every year, each elementary school that he works with stages a Tastee Freez takeover. School staff members work shifts be-hind the counter, and Tastee Freez em-ployees wear school T-shirts. Those takeovers are widely advertised and popular, and Tastee Freez donates a portion of that day’s take to the school. He is very focused on commu-nity. Rich has also formed a work-study partnership with high schools. He guesses that the average age of his 28 employees is 17 years old—about the age of our pages right here listening so intently. For so many Alaskans, it was their first and some say their best job ever, working in that Tastee Freez Rich owns. He has donated his time, energy, and talents to successful sum-mer camps that teach young Alaskans about the outdoors and important val-ues. One of his assistant managers began to work at the shop when she was 15 years old. She is 31 years old, and she met her husband at the shop. This is a great community small busi-ness. Rich is also a huge supporter of our military, our veterans, and the Na-tional Guard. As we are approaching Memorial Day weekend and as we are literally debating a very important Veterans Affairs’ bill on the Senate floor right now, it is important to re-member the thousands of Alaskans and the literally millions of Americans who are veterans and those like Rich, who are supporting our veterans day in and day out. For example, Rich has been part of the Alaska National Guard’s Operation Santa Claus each Christmas holiday, which flies Santa Claus and a bag of presents, toys, school supplies, and fresh fruit to some of the most remote, far-flung Alaska villages each year during the holidays. These kids and these communities love it. Of course, Santa and his helpers also bring Rich’s ice cream. Thanks to Rich, the kids get ice cream in the winter. Every year, he serves thousands of 5-ounce sundaes to these young kids in our villages—some who have never seen sprinkles or car-amel toppings on their ice cream. For his efforts, Rich is known in my State as the commander of the Alaska Na-tional Guard Ice Cream Support Squad-ron. Just a few weeks ago, the Tastee Freez in Anchorage—Rich’s great small business—celebrated 60 years of service to the community. In case you want to know whether this is a popular small business in our community, over 1,000 people showed up at this celebration. They served 1,644 small ice cream cones, not including the dipped cones and sundaes that day—all free of charge. I was there for that great celebra-tion. Senator M
URKOWSKI was there. Congressman YOUNG was there. Our Governor was there. Tastee Freez cor-porate officers from the lower 48 flew up to Alaska for this big event. They had never seen anything like it. This is the No. 1 Tastee Freez in the country. But what most excited Rich that day was all the people there he had served throughout the years, including the hundreds of people who used to work at the shop, who met their spouses at Tastee Freez and then had children, and those children now go there, and some even work there. That is what a small business with heart can do for a community. It can provide young people with their first real job. It can bring us together. It can provide a sense of community. It can serve the community. And, of course, it can be a delicious place of memories for families. That is what the Tastee Freez in Anchorage has done, and that is why we want to con-gratulate Rich on being our Alaskan of the week and thank him again for all the great things he has done for our State and community. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to be back on the Senate floor this afternoon in support of the VA MISSION Act. I was here last Thurs-day, and, in part, I paid tribute to Sen-ator M
CCAIN. We greatly miss him here on the Senate floor. I personally—and I know my colleagues also—wish he were here to help us determine a path for-ward and to find the solutions to prob-lems. Senator M
CCAINis an expert in caring for those who have served us in the military and taking care of our military retirees and our veterans. So, again, I use this moment on the Senate floor to pay tribute to my colleague Senator M
CCAINand to thank him for his service to our Nation and his will-ingness to work side by side with me as we develop legislation that deals with the issue of community care for vet-erans across the country. I highlighted last Thursday that challenges at the VA have caused Con-gress to respond, and that response in-volves Choice, legislation that now ex-ists in which, under certain cir-cumstances, veterans have the ability to find and be provided care within their communities. They can see their hometown physician and be admitted to their hometown hospital under cer-tain circumstances. The Choice Program has worked well for many veterans, just as the VA itself internally works well for many vet-erans. But I know from my own experi-ence as a Member of the U.S. Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.026 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2818 May 22, 2018 
that Kansans have experienced signifi-cant challenges with VA programs, es-pecially with the Choice Program, in which the bureaucracy seems to inhibit the ability of the VA to provide the care that veterans across Kansas are seeking. I indicated last week that currently within our office, we have 80 cases in which we are dealing with veterans who are facing challenges from some-thing they need from the VA and are not receiving. I looked at the numbers prior to that since I have been a Mem-ber of the U.S. Senate. There have been 2,650 occasions in which a veteran sought help from their U.S. Senator for something we would expect them to be entitled to based upon their service to our Nation. We are grateful to those veterans, and we want to make sure they are honored and esteemed. At the same time, we want to make sure the promises that were made to those who have served our Nation are kept. The legislation before us that has been approved by the House of Rep-resentatives and is now in front of the Senate has been entitled the VA MIS-SION Act. We were actually successful in honoring Senator M
CCAINby includ-ing his name in the title. Again, I ap-preciate his willingness to help create the Choice Program and now to reform and extend it. One of the challenges I have taken upon myself is to make certain we don’t simply—nothing is simple around here—just extend the current Choice Program. We have worked to reform it and improve it and make it more likely that the challenges of those 80 veterans who are seeking help from my staff or those 2,650 who have sought help from my staff are a lot less. So I judge the efforts in this legisla-tion with this challenge: What are we doing to reduce the problems veterans encounter in seeking the help they are entitled to? In a conversation with my staff, I asked them to give me the top 10 reasons why this legislation is a good thing; tell me what are the top 10 reasons a Member of the U.S. Senate should vote for this legislation. Incidentally, when we pass it, it will be forwarded to the President. Presi-dent Trump has indicated his strong support for this legislation, so there is every indication the President will, of course, since he supports the legisla-tion, sign it into law and will do so prior to Memorial Day, a time in which we again pay respect to those who have served our Nation. My top 10 list became 12, and I would guess that if given more time and greater ability to spend time on the floor, that list of 12 could be expanded to a much longer list, but let me share with my colleagues reasons that I think it is important for this legisla-tion to be approved and to be sent to the President. Again, I was a skeptic early on. I wanted to make certain that we did something significant and not just ex-tend the Choice Program into the fu-ture but make significant changes. The challenge has been trying to make cer-tain the VA does things we want them to do, that they follow the letter of the law of legislation we pass, and they fol-low the intent of Members of Congress. In regard to the Choice Act that passed now 3 years or so ago, it was hard sometimes to see that the VA was im-plementing that legislation the way it was written or the way it was intended. No. 1 of the top 12 reasons this legis-lation should be approved is that this legislation makes certain the VA exe-cutes the law consistent with the in-tent of Congress. It mandates coordina-tion with Congress as it develops rules and regulations under this new legisla-tion. The goal I expect to be successful in achieving is to prevent the VA’s ability to narrow or limit the program’s op-portunity to serve veterans as was in-tended by this law and, more impor-tantly, as they deserve. No. 2, this legislation consolidates community care programs. There are seven different community care pro-grams within the VA in which a vet-eran can access care away from the hospital—the big brick buildings that most of us have in our States; usually in the most populated areas of our States—and those seven community care programs are consolidated into one community care. That will reduce the bureaucracy at the VA but will also make it more understandable for our veterans and for the providers, in-cluding doctors, hospitals, and others who provide care to veterans today, in those community care programs—one program, not seven. No. 3, we want to improve care co-ordination. By that we mean the qual-ity of the relationship that a veteran has with the VA and what that rela-tionship means in terms of them ac-cessing care today and tomorrow and care related to their circumstances. This legislation requires the VA to pro-vide a coordinator of care for veterans utilizing care in the community to en-sure continuity of care and service in a timely manner. This will make it an easier task for a veteran to receive what they need, and it ensures it is done in a timely way. It also prevents lapses in care by increasing the com-munications between the veteran and the VA community provider. No. 4, the legislation reforms eligi-bility. This is an important one. They are all important, but this one is espe-cially important to me. Under the Choice Act under which we operate today, the VA was instructed to allow a veteran who lives more than 40 miles from a VA facility or it takes more than 30 days for that veteran to receive his or her care at the VA—to provide, under Veterans Choice, that care in a community setting. Eligi-bility was defined by a narrow cir-cumstance. However, having said that, it was never clear whether a veteran would qualify. That 30-day, 40-mile criteria empow-ered the VA to make decisions that often left a veteran who seemingly should be eligible, ineligible for care in the community. This legislation re-moves the 30-day, 40-mile requirement and replaces it with the criteria of what is in the best interest of the vet-eran. That is pretty important and pretty basic. One would expect that al-ways to be the circumstance, but the criteria is changed now to what is in the best interest of the veteran, and the VA must meet clearly defined, rou-tinely reviewed criteria as to whether that veteran is eligible to have commu-nity care if he or she desires it. So we are reducing the discretion. The deci-sion is still made between the veteran and the VA, but we have narrowed the amount of discretion the Department of Veterans Affairs has and left the op-portunity for the veteran, when it is in his or her best interest, access to care in the community. So it is clearly defined, and the cri-teria is routinely reviewed to make sure access is available and that qual-ity standards are met. No. 5, if it turns out that the veteran disagrees with the decision made by the Department of Veterans Affairs as to whether he or she is eligible for care in the community—whether or not it is in his or her best interest—then there is an appeal to the hospital director in that person’s area. In Kansas, this would be an appeal to the hospital di-rector at the Colmery-O’Neil Hospital, at the Dwight Eisenhower Hospital in Leavenworth, or the Dole VA Hospital in Wichita. Today, when a veteran is denied ac-cess to care in a community, their only recourse is to call their Congressman or to call their U.S. Senator to com-plain and have us go to bat. While we are all willing and we welcome the op-portunity to serve those who have served us, the reality is, no one—and certainly no veteran—should have to call their U.S. Senator in order to get the VA to provide care that is in their best interests. So this now gives a different route and hopefully a much more convenient route for veterans. We wouldn’t have had the 2,650 cases if we had this provi-sion. The veteran could have the oppor-tunity to have their decision about their care—what is in their best inter-ests—determined by the VA at home. So there is recourse for a veteran who is dissatisfied with the outcome. No. 6, this provides full access for episodes of care. What our veterans have faced in using the Choice Act to date is, they will get a referral to a physician, but then the physician de-cides the veteran needs lab work or an x-ray. Unfortunately, that meant the veteran had to return to the VA to seek additional approval for the lab work and additional approval for the x- ray. So we have redefined what it is the referral involves, which is they are re-ferred for an episode of care. That means the lab work and the entire epi-sode of care is treated in completion in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.027 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2819 May 22, 2018 
the community. No longer is the vet-eran required to re-call, re-request the VA to give them additional reauthor-ization. No. 7, the legislation also mandates regular market assessments to deter-mine what care is available in the com-munity and where the Department of Veterans Affairs excels. We know the Department of Veterans Affairs has many medical programs, care, and treatments that veterans want and need, in which they excel. This gives us a better understanding—the veteran, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and us as Members of Congress in our oversight responsibilities—to know what is available within the VA and what is available in the community, and that lends itself to the determina-tion of what is in the best interests of the veteran. No. 8 of the list of 12 is something that is important to us as Members of Congress who have veterans who come from rural areas. We have 127 hospitals in Kansas; 88 of them are designed as critical access hospitals. It is a des-ignation under Medicare, and it pro-vides a cost-based reimbursement for that healthcare provider. It means our smallest hospitals in our smallest com-munities have a Medicare reimburse-ment rate that is designed to keep them in business, to keep their doors open. Unfortunately, the Choice Act, in its current form, only requires the VA to reimburse at Medicare rates. That Medicare rate was never interpreted by the VA to be the rate that hospital re-ceived for Medicare patients, only a more standard Medicare rate. This leg-islation requires that the care be paid for at that critical access hospital des-ignation rate. The same, I hope, is true for our rural health clinics, so physi-cians and hospitals receive the amount of money they would receive if they were treating a Medicare patient. Why is this important? It is impor-tant because it encourages our hos-pitals to accept veterans into the com-munity care program. The amount of reimbursement they would receive would be the same or similar to what they receive in caring for a Medicare patient, and our hospitals, in that cir-cumstance, are hanging on financially by a thread anyway. It is a challenge to keep hospital doors open in our smallest communities. This gives them a reimbursement rate that increases the chance that the revenue is suffi-cient to cover the cost. It will encour-age more hospitals to accept Choice community care patients, and it will increase the chance of those patients being alive and well into the future. No. 9, this bill allows for access to walk-in care. Something that is chang-ing in our delivery healthcare system is the ability to go to a pharmacy and have your blood pressure taken or get an inoculation, a vaccine. So access to walk-in care is becoming more com-mon across our State and around the country. This allows our veterans to receive, under this community care program, care from local walk-in clin-ics, convenient care clinics, and feder-ally funded health centers, giving vet-erans the same access to nonemergent convenience care that people other than veterans now receive. Allowing walk-in care at your local clinic is a much more convenient and a much more cost-effective way of ad-dressing the issue of access to care across the State of Kansas and around the country. No. 10, this legislation provides addi-tional funds to maintain the Veterans Choice Program during its develop-ment and implementation. One of the challenges we faced is the inability of the Department of Veterans Affairs to determine actually how much money is required to keep the Choice Program going. This legislation keeps the pro-gram in place while we transition. I serve as a member of the Appropria-tions Committee, and I have chaired the subcommittee that funds the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. We have been worried that every time there is a shortfall in the money available for Choice, we will see the VA reduce the number of veterans who qualify for care and therefore starve the program, and the networks that have been built up with healthcare providers in the community will disappear. So this is stabilizing. It is a process issue, but it is important because it allows for care to continue during the interim as we move to this new legislation. No. 11, it increases access to tele-medicine. The VA is known as a high- quality provider of telemedicine, but this is an opportunity to expand that, especially for rural veterans or spe-cialty care, where it is expensive for that care to be provided—and we don’t have providers in every VA setting—or if where a veteran lives is so remote that getting to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs hospital is a challenge. The State of Kansas has lots of rural communities and long distances—it can be a 4- or 5-hour drive. I have been joined on the floor by the Senator from Montana, the ranking member on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee on which I serve. The Senator from Montana understands very well the challenges rural veterans face in getting access to care when it is a dis-tance away. Finally, No. 12, we are going to work hard to foster innovation within the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation creates the VA Center for Innovation for Care and Payment, al-lowing the VA to more efficiently de-velop and carry out pilot programs to test and check out innovative solutions and approaches to improving the care for veterans, improving access to care, improving the cost associated with that care, and trying to find ways we can better assist our veterans in a more cost-effective way. I again reiterate my support for the VA MISSION Act and honor Senator M
CCAIN, for whom this legislation is named. I look forward to its passage. I am encouraged by the vote that oc-curred as we moved forward with this bill. I think there were 94 Senators who voted in favor of it. It has broad sup-port. It was my pleasure to work with my colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I now yield the floor to the Senator from Montana, Mr. TESTER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I thank Senator M
ORAN for his kind comments. I want to begin my comments by ac-knowledging the chairman of the Sen-ate Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We would not be here today taking up the VA MISSION Act without the leader-ship of Senator J
OHNNY ISAKSON of the majority. He is a fierce advocate for veterans, and he has been an incredible pleasure for me to work with. The bi-partisanship and collaboration on our Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee happens because we leave politics at the door. That is possible because of J
OHNNY ’s personality and leadership style, as well as his commitment to the veterans of this Nation. I would also like to thank the many veterans service organizations that have weighed in and provided positive feedback on the VA MISSION Act. Thirty-eight veterans organizations representing millions of veterans and service men and women nationwide support the VA MISSION Act. They have been asking for Choice reform and responsible investment in the VA, and this bill gets it done. I also thank the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee for working with us in getting a bill drafted that we can all be proud of. At the beginning of this Congress, we set out to draft a bill that reforms community care and also strengthens the VA. As Senator M
ORAN pointed out, coming from a State like Montana—a rural State, 147,000 square miles—I know we cannot have a VA clinic in every community, but veterans cannot always drive 2 hours to the nearest VA clinic, and they certainly can’t afford to wait months for an appointment. That is why we need private healthcare to fill in the gaps when the VA cannot deliver that healthcare. I also know how much veterans need the services they get from a VA clinic. In my dozens and dozens of face-to-face listening sessions with veterans, they have told me that the kind of care they get from the VA is important. They are surrounded by their peers, many of whom have experienced the mental and physical implications of being in com-bat. VA doctors and nurses know how to treat PTSD, toxic exposure, and other wounds unique to their service. The best defense against any effort to privatize the VA or send veterans wholesale to the private sector is to make sure the VA is living up to our promise to veterans. The VA MISSION Act recognizes that there is a balance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.030 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2820 May 22, 2018 
between VA care and community care and invests in medical and clinical staff to serve veterans at the VA. It builds capacity within the VA, and it uses the private sector to fill in the gaps where the VA falls short. It takes the bill that J
OHNNY and I wrote, the Caring for Our Veterans Act, and adds a few things, but the founda-tion of this legislation is something Senator I
SAKSON and I have written over the course of the last year with veterans groups. So I am incredibly proud to be standing here today to hopefully push this bill to the Presi-dent’s desk. The Choice Program was created with an important mission: to make it easier and faster for veterans to get healthcare. It hasn’t worked like that for many veterans—veterans like Tom, a retired U.S. Navy commander of the Vietnam war, a Montanan. In his 24 years as a Navy pilot, Tom spent a lot of time yelling to be heard over the roar of an engine. That took a toll on his ability to hear. Three years ago, he began the process of getting hearing aids from the VA. He got his hearing test done, but when it came time to order the hearing aids, Tom was told that he wasn’t authorized. The nearest VA facility to Tom was almost 3 hours away, so he and his wife decided to drive to the closest civilian clinic, which was about 45 miles away in Sandpoint, ID, just across the line from his home in Noxon, MT. There, he hit another snag. After weeks of back- and-forth visits, the authorization was again denied because he was not a resi-dent of Idaho. So he returned to square one. He drove 5 hours to Fort Harrison in Helena, 250 miles away. With assistance from my office, he got the authorization for those hearing aids. Tom had to drive two 5-hour roundtrips to a Choice provider in Kali-spell, but a few months later, he finally received his hearing aids. All in all, Tom drove nearly 20 hours to get those hearing aids, and I am here to tell you that it shouldn’t be that hard for a veteran to get the healthcare they have earned from the VA. Do you know what the worst part is? There was an audiologist in Tom’s hometown the entire time who could have helped him if the VA had just re-alized how important it was to access that audiologist instead of driving 20 hours down the road. Unfortunately, Tom is not the only veteran with a story like this. I could tell you about a veteran in Lake Coun-ty who had several appointments scheduled through the Choice Program, and then he was told he wasn’t eligible for Choice at all—after his appoint-ment. When he caught pneumonia, my office stepped in and got him the care he needed through the Choice Program. I could tell you about Bruce, a veteran in Billings who couldn’t get a followup appointment through the Choice Pro-gram after his hip surgery. He was told he wouldn’t wait more than 5 days, and then he couldn’t get anybody on the phone. We were able to help him get the followup care he needed. Terry, in Butte, got a procedure done through the Choice Program. It was approved, completed, and then he was told he didn’t qualify for the Choice Program. Again, this U.S. Senator had to step in so Terry didn’t have to foot the bill for his healthcare. I could go on and on. Veterans across the State of Montana have called my office for help since the Choice Pro-gram was started. Their frustrations over issues like scheduling, reimburse-ments, or traveling long distances for care are a sorry way to say thank you to those folks who have served this country. It shouldn’t take a Senate office stepping in to make sure the govern-ment lives up to its promises to Amer-ica’s veterans, so Chairman I
SAKSON  and I wrote a bill that reforms the en-tire system. We negotiated with the House, the White House, veterans, and advocates to move our bill forward. The Caring for Our Veterans Act was a giant step forward. Thanks to the leadership of the House Veterans Af-fairs Committee and our effort, the Caring for Our Veterans Act is included in the VA MISSION Act. Our bill gets rid of seven different community care programs, including Choice, and replaces them with one community healthcare system with a streamlined set of rules for veterans, local providers, and VA staff. It will be much easier to understand. Under the MISSION Act, if a veteran wants to get care in their community, they can have a discussion with their doctor and decide what is best. VA doc-tors and nurses won’t have to spend time figuring out which program to refer a veteran to. Local providers who see veterans won’t be waiting months for payments from the VA. A new, streamlined pay-ment system will make sure they are getting paid in a timely manner. Our bill holds the VA accountable and requires them to create a business plan to tell us exactly how the agency will spend taxpayer dollars if and when they ask for additional funding. Our bill brings more providers to work at the VA, especially in rural and Tribal areas and vet centers. The bill breaks down barriers along State lines that prevent veterans from accessing mental health care closer to home. The bill expands the VA Caregiver Support Program to veterans of all eras and their caregivers. This was a provision Senator M
URRAY worked on very hard. It was the right thing to do, and Senator I
SAKSON made it a priority of his. The VA and community care are equally important parts of the VA healthcare system. It will either starve the VA to death and empower rural community hospitals or, as this bill does, strike a balance—the right bal-ance—between investing in the VA’s ability to provide care for our veterans and cutting the bureaucracy when it makes sense for a veteran to go to a local doctor. The VA MISSION Act is a bold, bi-partisan product of working together that puts healthcare decisions in the hands of veterans and breaks down bar-riers to healthcare wherever it makes the most sense for a veteran to get the care they need. This Nation owes our veterans much more than a thank-you. Veterans de-serve a healthcare system that works for them regardless of where they live, what medical condition they are strug-gling with, or their means. Our bill gets rid of a one-size-fits-all system and creates a more efficient and easier to navigate system for veterans. I urge the Senate to pass the VA MISSION Act to send the message that saying thank you isn’t enough for those who put their lives on the line for our Nation. We are going to deliver them a healthcare system that is wor-thy of their service. Mr. President, I turn the floor over to Senator JOHNNY ISAKSON , chairman of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, before the Senator from Montana leaves, I wish to thank him for 3 years of dedi-cated service and the last 2 in par-ticular as we put together the pieces of shrapnel—which was the original at-tempt to make Choice work—to be a streamlined program that is going to work for all of our veterans. J
ONTESTER has been a magnificent ranking member and a magnificent leader. I appreciate very much the kind things he had to say about me, and I say ditto to you. I also thank Chairman P
HILROE, of Tennessee, in the House of Representa-tives. He has been a stalwart. The reason we are able to act today and tomorrow—as the House did last week—and pass a bill before Memorial Day is because both bodies have worked together, and the votes have been overwhelming. Our motion to in-voke cloture this morning was 91 to 4. The House passed this 3 to 1 when they passed it in final passage. So obviously there was a lot of unanimity, but that should not be a disguise for the effort it took. It took a lot of effort to get to where we are and a lot of people doing that effort—a lot of Republicans, a lot of Democrats, a lot of staff. There was a tremendous amount of staff time. We went from doing the art of the impos-sible to making the art of the possible, with everybody working together, leav-ing our political weapons at the door, and putting our good heads together to make the Veterans’ Administration system better for our veterans. My speech is not going to be long be-cause Senator M
ORAN and Senator T
ESTER have covered the types of ex-amples the new Choice Program brings for all our veterans—a real choice, a real opportunity to make the private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.032 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2821 May 22, 2018 
sector a force multiplier for access to healthcare for our veterans but also make our healthcare system for our veterans accountable—accountable to the most important people of all, and that is our veterans. It does a few other things too. It cre-ates a caregiver program for the Viet-nam-era veterans. That hasn’t been talked about much on the floor, but P
ATTY MURRAY on our committee and S
USAN COLLINS from the Republican caucus in the Senate have for years tried to get caregiver benefits for Viet-nam-era veterans and veterans of other wars which were not covered pre-viously. With the passage of this bill, they will be covered for those basic es-sentials of life and necessities. They will have that covered for them, and we will get it done. Those veterans who came home from a terrible war in Vietnam with many injuries we had never seen people sur-vive before also need care we never thought we would have to pay for be-fore, but we are doing it now with care-givers for that generation, which is my generation. I am proud to say that we are finally looking after them and are seeing to it that they are included and are working hard on doing so. We have also made Choice account-able to the veterans, working for our veterans and making our VA better at a lower cost to the taxpayers than it would have been otherwise, were we providing that service solely by the VA. You get choices, you get quality, you get better service, and you get a better VA for our veterans. There have been a lot of people who have made this happen. Senator J
OHN M
CCAINoriginally introduced the idea of Choice 4 years ago. He founded it, and that is why his name is a part of the title of this bill. We could not have done this without John. He is a great American hero, a great colleague, and through our prayers and our blessings, we wish for him to recover as he is in Arizona. I want to thank Joan Carr, my chief of staff; Trey Kilpatrick, my deputy chief; Jay Sulzman; Amanda Maddox; Ryan Evans; Sal Ortega; and Kristine Nichols. My staff has been phenomenal. They have done a great job. They put up with a lot. They have worked hard, and we got here because of them. Also, I thank the other unsung he-roes of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs who have helped J
ONTESTER and me and all our members to see to it that we covered every item, dotted every i, and crossed every t: Bob Henke, our staff director; Adam Reece, who deserves a special shout-out and who, the last couple of weeks, has done double duty and done a great job to get us to where we are today; Leslie Camp-bell; Maureen O’Neill; Jillian Work-man; David Shearman; Camlin Moore; Thomas Coleman; John Ashley; Mitch-ell Sylvest; Heather Vachon; and Pau-line Schmitt. We could not have done our job as elected officials were it not for those people who tirelessly worked long hours to see to it that we got it done. Here we are in the U.S. Senate. I am speaking with my First Amendment rights. You are gathered in the Gallery today and watching this at home on C– SPAN because of the First Amend-ment, gathering because of the amend-ment that allows us to freely assemble without fear of retribution by the gov-ernment. Our Bill of Rights are the rights we operate under, and we wouldn’t have them at all were it not for our veterans. Next Monday we will celebrate Me-morial Day. We will give thanks for every veteran who sacrificed their life and gave the ultimate sacrifice for you and for me. It is not unreasonable to think back and say: You know, had our soldiers not done what they did in World War I and World War II, we might be speaking German or Japanese today rather than English. Because they fought for us in the two great World Wars, they secured and pre-served our liberty and freedom, and we speak today as free Americans, and we enjoy the freedom that only democracy could give. That is what we owe our veterans. We owe them everything. Without them, we wouldn’t have the protections we have today. As Memorial Day approaches, I love to tell my favorite story about the great reminder I have of what Memo-rial Day is all about. It is all about a veteran, Roy C. Irwin, from the State of New Jersey. I have never met Roy; I never knew him. When I was in Margraten in the Netherlands at the U.S. cemetery where over 8,000 Ameri-cans are buried from the Battle of the Bulge, my wife and I spent an after-noon paying tribute and respect at the graves of our veterans and our soldiers. We walked down the road to look at the Stars of David and the crosses, paused for a minute at each headstone, and gave a prayer of thanks for the veterans who had sacrificed everything so that we could be there. Then something happened to me that I have never forgotten, and it could happen to any one of you if you ever go to one of those cemeteries and visit. I came upon a headstone, a cross, and I stopped and read it. It said: Roy C. Irwin, New Jersey, private, died, killed in action 12/28/44. I froze in place; 12/28/ 44 was not just the day that Roy C. Irwin died in the Battle of the Bulge fighting for us. It was the day I was given birth by my mother in Piedmont Atlanta Hospital in GA. There I was, standing at the foot of someone who had died on the day I was born. He gave his life so that I could enjoy mine. Since that time, I have had 73
1⁄2years in which I have been able to be a free citizen of the United States of Amer-ica, all because of lots of things but nothing more important than Roy C. Irwin and thousands like him who vol-unteered to fight for our country, to call on the forces of evil wherever they might be. They won our freedom, main-tained our independence, and saw to it that you and I could be here today. I have always stopped to give thanks every Memorial Day for all of those who pledged and gave the ultimate sac-rifice so that I could be here to make a sacrifice for you. I look at our pages in the room today, and I think about my children and my grandchildren. I am so happy they had the opportunity to grow up in the United States of America and so happy you have the ability to serve here today in the United States of America. Remember this: You and I are both here because of one thing. This is a country full of brave volunteers who, when the bell tolls, answer the bell and go fight for America, fight for our free-dom, fight for our peace, and fight for our liberty. So strike one for liberty when we vote on the final passage of the VA MISSION Act. Vote for better healthcare for our veterans, the choices of our veterans, caregivers for our veterans who haven’t had them in the past. Give thanks. And with your vote for that bill here, we will have to continue to pay our debt to those who sacrificed or offered to sacrifice the maximum sacrifice for us. This is a great country for lots of reasons. You will never find anyone trying to break out of the United States of America. You always find them trying to break in. There is one big difference over any other; that is, those who have fought and died so that we could be free and American citizens forever. May God bless our soldiers, may God bless our country, and may God bless the United States of America. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, 2 days before the tragic shooting in Santa Fe, which has rightly dominated the news for the last several days, Texas experi-enced another mass shooting when a man killed his three children, his ex- wife’s boyfriend, and himself. Mass shootings are generally characterized as incidents where four or more people are shot at one time. It is a cata-strophic event for a community to have four people shot in one instance. That shooting 2 days before the Santa Fe school shooting was the 100th mass shooting in the United States of Amer-ica in 2018. We average about a mass shooting every single day in this coun-try. In the 3 days following the Santa Fe High School shooting, there were around 88 gun deaths and 222 gun inju-ries in this country. That is a big num-ber. It is the most in any 72-hour span so far in 2018. Rightly, our attention has been di-rected toward the community of Santa Fe as they try to recover from the un-recoverable—another targeting of chil-dren in a school in this country. It is important to remind ourselves that no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.033 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2822 May 22, 2018 
matter whether the shooting happens on a street corner, in a school, in a movie theater, or in one’s home, the devastation for those who lose their brother or their sister or their husband or their wife is no less or no greater, whatever the circumstances may be. In the 3 days after Santa Fe, as the country could have been deluded into thinking that was the only shooting of any consequence in the country, 88 peo-ple lost their lives from guns, and 222 others were shot and survived—part of the 33,000 a year, 2,800 a month, and 93 on average a day who are killed by guns in this country. It is a mix of sui-cides and accidental shootings, domes-tic violence incidents, mass shootings, and homicides, but there is no other country in the world in which the num-ber is this big. There have been 5,531 deaths from gun violence in 2018 alone. That is ac-cording to Gun Violence Archive. Twelve hundred kids have been killed or injured, and we are not even halfway through the year. Our rate of gun violence in this coun-try is 20 times higher than that of all our other competitor OECD nations. It is not because our schools are less safe. It is not because we have more in-stances of mental illness. It is not be-cause we have more troubled young men. It is not because we spend less money on law enforcement. You con-trol all of the other factors that people claim to be the reason for these crimes, and it cannot—it does not—explain why this epidemic is happening here and nowhere else. What is different about the United States is that we have the loosest, laxest gun laws of the OECD nations. What is different about the United States is that in shooting after shoot-ing, killing after killing, we do noth-ing. We do nothing of substance or sig-nificance to condemn or change this trajectory of violence. I argue to you that would-be shooters who are contemplating acts of mass vi-olence—who clearly have had some-thing go wrong in their mind to con-sider such a thing—see our silence as a green light. Of course, we don’t mean it that way, but when we refuse to do anything other than make minor tweaks to Federal gun laws year after year, young men who are contem-plating doing something like this, see-ing no substantial condemnation or change in law, pervert that silence into permission. I think that is what is happening today. That is why I argue that we have become complicit in these mur-ders, whether we think we are or not. We are grieving hard for Santa Fe, but we are grieving hard for all of the other victims. I sat with the President at the White House a few months ago as he told us he was going to fix this problem. He was lying. He wasn’t telling the truth. He had no intention of fixing the prob-lem. The President had the gun lobby in the next day, and all of a sudden the discussion evaporated. He talked a lot in that meeting about school safety and arming teachers, but it is impor-tant to note that Santa Fe High had adopted really aggressive measures to prevent a school shooting. They had re-source officers who were armed, two of them. They had approved a plan to arm teachers, though they had not started to do so. They had gone through a very successful lockdown. They had won an award for that response. In this school they thought they were ready, and they weren’t. This has to be about a conversation rooted in data. The data will tell you that more guns will not solve this problem and that for every time a gun you own is used in self-defense, there are four times that a privately owned gun is used in an unintentional shoot-ing, seven times that a privately owned gun is used in an assault or murder, and 11 times that a gun is used in a sui-cide. The data doesn’t back up the fact that more guns are going to solve this problem. Beyond the data, there are these faces, there are these people, there are these lives that were cut short. I want to spend the remaining few minutes telling you a few of their stories. I have tried to do that over the years—to come and put a hole in the data and let you know who these people are whom we have lost. On average, psychiatrists and mental health professionals tell us that when one person is killed by a gun, there are 20 other people who experience trauma or some level of trauma. In Santa Fe, we think a lot today about Cynthia Tisdale. She was 63. She was a substitute teacher for children with special needs. She got married when she was 17 years old, and she took care of her ailing husband. He was very sick for 47 years. He said: 
She was a good woman. She watched out for me. 
Her son said: 
She loved to help children. She didn’t have to do it. She did it because she loved it. 
Cynthia Tisdale is gone at 63. Sabika Sheikh was 17 years old. Un-like the others who were killed in that school, she didn’t have any family in the United States. Santa Fe was her adopted community. She was staying with a family. The family she left be-hind, her adoptive family in Texas, said: ‘‘We loved her and she loved us,’’ adding that the ‘‘root of our issues is love because when people love each other, these kinds of things don’t hap-pen.’’ Sabika dreamed one day of being a diplomat and working to empower women. She died at age 17. Christopher Jake Stone was 17 as well. He was the youngest of three sib-lings in Santa Fe. He and his siblings were known as the ‘‘three Stones.’’ His sister said: 
Being a brother was his best job. He was al-ways there if someone needed someone to lis-ten to or some cheering up. Definitely the life of the party, and one of the most under-standing, open-minded kids I know. She said in a Facebook message: ‘‘He had a lot of heart.’’ Two days later, to give you a sense of the scope of this, Kimberly Phillips was in a parking lot at a Shell gas sta-tion in Chattanooga, TN, when her ex- husband found her, shot her, and then killed himself afterward. It was a mur-der-suicide, one of the thousands part-ner-on-partner incidents of domestic violence that happen in this country. One of her coworkers at the senior living community where she worked said: 
Today I lost one of the most caring, loving caregivers I have ever had on my team. . . . She loved her residents and took their care very seriously. 
She was 48 years old. The day before that, Sherrell Wheatley was walking home from feed-ing one of her neighbor’s dogs in Day-ton, OH. Her neighbor said that she did this all the time. She cooked a lot, and she would cook all the scraps and take them to feed the neighbor’s dog. She was walking home, and she was shot as a bystander in a driveby shooting. She was a mom, grandma, aunt, an active member of her local community, a vol-unteer in the local elementary school, and a pillar of kindness. Her son, a quadriplegic who relied on her care, said: 
That was my mom— 
She was helping people, even at the moment she died. 
I loved her. She was my angel, she was my everything, and somebody snatched that away from me. 
Those are just 5 of the victims who died over a 2- or 3-day period of time— 32,000 a year, 2,200 a month, 93 a day— and we are doing nothing. I appreciate some of my colleagues working on a minor adjustment to our background check laws earlier this year. I am not saying that is totally in-consequential, but it doesn’t match up to the moment. What is wild is, we are the only ones who don’t think we should do anything. Americans have woken up to what is happening, and they are desperate for us to change the laws. In fact, 97 per-cent of Americans think we should pass universal background checks. By a 2- to-1 margin, people think we should get these assault weapons and military- style killing machines off the streets. People support things like what we did in Connecticut, requiring people to get local police permits for carrying a handgun. These are not controversial outside of the U.S. Senate. Increasingly, Americans have come to realize that no one is safe. In that heartbreaking video, a young woman, I think just hours after the shooting, was asked by a newscaster whether she found it hard to fathom that the school shooting had happened at her school. To paraphrase her answer, she said: No, I wasn’t surprised. It happens every-where, and I just figured it was a mat-ter of time before it happened here. Nicole Hockley, who lost her son at Sandy Hook, says all the time that she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.035 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2823 May 22, 2018 
never, ever expected to be one of these parents grieving the loss of a child. She reminds everyone she talks to that you don’t imagine you will be in that situa-tion either, but if you don’t do some-thing about it, if you don’t stand up and speak truth to power, it might be you too. I will continue to come to the floor and tell these stories—these voices of the victims who have been silenced through gun violence. Hopefully, at some point, we will wake up to the need for change. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, tax reform is working. The results of two surveys released last week show that tax reform is doing exactly what it is supposed to be doing for American workers. Our goal with tax reform was simple: make life better for American workers. So we took action to put more money into Americans’ pockets right away. We cut tax rates across the board, nearly doubled the standard deduction, and doubled the child tax credit. Amer-icans are already seeing this relief in their paychecks. We knew that tax cuts, as essential as they were, were not enough. In order to make life better for American work-ers, we also needed to make sure Amer-icans had access to good jobs, good wages, and good opportunities, the kinds of jobs and opportunities that would set them up for security and prosperity in the long term. Since jobs and opportunities are created by busi-nesses, that meant reforming our Tax Code to improve the playing field for businesses so that they could improve the playing field for workers, and that is what we did. I am proud to report that it is work-ing. Last week, the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers released the re-sults of its recent tax reform survey, and here is what the survey showed: 77 percent of manufacturers planned in-creased hiring as a result of tax reform, 72 percent planned to increase wages or benefits, and 86 percent report they plan to increase investments, which means new jobs and opportunities for workers. These are tremendous results, and they are exactly what we were looking for with tax reform. Government can make sure it isn’t taking too much out of Americans’ pockets, but it can’t create the jobs and opportunities Americans need for long-term economic security and pros-perity. Only businesses can do that. But government can make sure that businesses are free to create jobs by making sure they are not weighed down with burdensome taxes and regu-lations, and that is exactly what we set out to do with tax reform. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the government was not helping busi-nesses to create jobs. In fact, it was doing the opposite. That had real con-sequences for American workers. A small business owner struggling to af-ford the hefty annual tax bill for her business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the global marketplace while paying a substantially higher tax rate than its foreign competitors too often had limited funds to expand or increase investment in the United States. When it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for businesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small and medium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which up until January 1 was the highest cor-porate tax rate in the developed world. We expanded business owners’ ability to recover investments that they make in their businesses, which frees up cash that they can reinvest in their oper-ations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by replacing our out-dated worldwide system with a mod-ernized territorial tax system so that American businesses are not operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign competitors. Now we are seeing the results. I will say it again. Seventy-seven percent of manufacturers are planning to increase hiring, 72 percent are planning to in-crease wages or benefits, and 86 percent are planning to increase investments, which creates new jobs and new oppor-tunities for American workers. I haven’t even mentioned last week’s other survey on small businesses. The National Federation of Independent Business released a survey last week that shows that 75 percent of small business owners think that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have a positive effect on their business. The survey also showed that among small business owners who expect to pay less in taxes next year, 44 percent plan to increase employee compensation, and more than a quarter plan to hire new employees. Those numbers may get even better. As the survey shows, small businesses are just starting to explore all the ben-efits of the new tax law since small businesses, unlike large businesses, don’t have full-time tax departments to plan for and take into account the new tax changes. Most small businesses spend the first part of each year fo-cused on preparing and filing their taxes from the prior year, not to men-tion running their businesses, which means, with tax day now behind them, they are just now having the chance to explore the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition, their tax ad-visers—many of whom are often small businesses themselves—have also wrapped up most of their filing season responsibilities, so now they can help their small business clients with fac-toring the new tax changes into their business plans. American workers had a tough time during the last administration. Wages stagnated, and jobs and opportunities were often few and far between. But thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other Republican initiatives, our economy is turning around. Unemploy-ment is at its lowest level in more than 17 years. Economists have upped their projections for economic growth. And the good news for American workers just keeps piling up—more jobs, more opportunities, higher wages, and better benefits. The American dream is roar-ing back, and the future is looking bright. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2906 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2906, which is at the desk; that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, re-serving the right to object, I want to thank my friend Senator M
ANCHIN . He and I serve on the VA Committee. I know he is absolutely committed to trying to do the best we possibly can for our veterans. We may have a dis-agreement on what he has in mind for this particular unanimous consent re-quest, but I don’t think there is any daylight between us in terms of what we are trying to do for veterans. I look forward to working with the chair to get to a good place and to ad-dress in the Senate committee some of the concerns he has. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I would like the right to proceed. I thank my good friend from North Carolina, Senator T
ILLIS . He is always willing to work in a bipartisan way. I thank him very much. We have concerns about the VA and all of our veterans. He is in a State that has a tremendous population, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.036 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2824 May 22, 2018 
I am in a State with a tremendous pop-ulation of veterans. I am disappointed there is an objection to my bill. I rise to speak to my frustration that the Asset and Infrastructure Review, or the so-called AIR Act, provision is being included in what is otherwise a very good package. I thank Chairman I
SAKSON , Ranking Member T ESTER , and Senator T
ILLIS for all their hard work on the overall MISSION Act. The MISSION Act is going to do so many good things. It is going to streamline how we provide non-VA care. It is finally expanding caregivers for veterans of all eras, and it will make it easier for the VA to hire high- quality providers. I am against adding the AIR, which is the Asset and Infrastructure Review Act, or I like to call it the VA BRAC. This bill could be detrimental to rural veterans. The AIR Act provision was sup-posedly added by House Republicans to the MISSION Act because the Senate insisted the caregivers bill be included. I am a proud cosponsor of the care-givers bill because it does not make sense to give a benefit to one era of veterans and not give it to them all. I thank my colleague Senator M
UR-
RAY for the year she has dedicated to the caregivers issue. The AIR Act was never voted on or discussed in the Sen-ate Veterans’ Affairs Committee. The House Caregivers companion bill is bi-partisan and has 90 cosponsors. We could pass this bill without the AIR Act in a heartbeat. While I am generally supportive of efforts to cut waste, the AIR Act will not come close to paying for this bill. Instead, it puts rural hospitals and fa-cilities like those in West Virginia in the crosshairs of the VA bureaucrats and technocrats who do not know my veterans and what they need. The last time there was an asset re-view—the CARES Commission—was in the early 2000s. It recommended closing the acute inpatient hospital beds and contracting for acute care in the com-munity for the Beckley VA Medical Center. Only after stakeholders yelled and screamed did the Secretary not fol-low their recommendations. Today, those 25 acute care beds and 5 ICU beds are vitally important, not just to our Southern West Virginia vet-eran community but the entire com-munity. Administrators at the sur-rounding hospitals have told me they could not absorb the Beckley VA pa-tient load. We were lucky then to have vocal stakeholders holler and scream and a Secretary who listened, but will we be so lucky in the future? Further-more, should veterans have to endure the uncertainty their VA hospital or CBOC may not always be there for them? My veteran population is nearly 40 percent Vietnam veterans. In the last 10 years, there was a nearly 20-percent decrease in my veteran population be-cause our World War II and Korean vet-erans are dying, and our Vietnam vet-erans are not getting any younger. If we send this Commission in and they do the analysis, my fear is, re-sources and funding will be realigned away from our patriotic West Virginia veterans—Phoenix gets picked over Clarksburg; Los Angeles over Beckley; Washington, DC, over Martinsburg; and Orlando over Huntington. I feel sure the VA will follow the law, hold their public hearings, and read statements put in the Federal Register, but they will still have the power to close or downsize West Virginia facili-ties. Just because you are a veteran living in a rural area does not mean you don’t deserve the same quality and access of care that you would receive in an urban area. Is this truly about taking evaluation of waste or is this the slow filing away of the VA infrastructure as we know it? I am aware the MISSION Act just passed out of the House 347 to 70. I have a lot of good friends on both sides of the aisle who want the overall bill. It has the support of the national vet-erans service organizations, and the ef-fects of this bill will not likely come into being until 2025. I will not be serv-ing in the Senate then. Yet, for the sake of the veteran population in West Virginia, I have to say something pub-licly. The AIR Act could have detrimental second and third order effects in our communities. If this bill passes with the AIR Act in it, the powers that wish to downsize the level of care we give to veterans will see it as a victory, but they should be prepared for robust and exhaustive oversight by me and my colleagues on the committee. If we don’t have the market assessments, ac-cess to other population data, and if the central office doesn’t start filling some of the healthcare provider vacan-cies in West Virginia VA medical cen-ters, I will reluctantly put a hold on some nominees for this Commission. I am going to encourage my colleagues from rural States who represent rural areas to do the same. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, there are a million reasons why I love North Carolina, but one of them is, it is a State of 10 million people. Half those people live in urban areas. The other half live in rural areas. One in ten peo-ple in the State are veterans—a State that proudly claims having one of the fastest growing veteran populations in the country. When I go into the VA Committee and I look at what we have to do, I don’t look at it as coming from an urban State. I don’t look at it as com-ing from a rural State. In many re-spects, I think North Carolina is a mi-crocosm of the Nation as a whole. When we look at some of the changes we want to make, what I hope we get out of this review is what to do with the 430 empty buildings that are as much as 90 years old that are owned by the VA. We may have to do basic main-tenance on them, but they are prop-erties that may have a historic value. Maybe we can convey them to the States and sell them and use the re-sources to plow back into quality care for the veterans. I can tell my friend from West Vir-ginia that we share a mountain range together. We share a lot of cultures out in the western part of our State with West Virginia. There is no way on Earth that I would allow the VA to move forward on something I felt was going further away from providing quality care to any veterans anywhere in West Virginia, North Carolina, or any other rural area. On the one hand, we continue to say we don’t have enough money for vet-erans. On the other hand, we say we have to find some of those additional resources by taking steps to make the VA more efficient and shed the assets that are no longer providing value to the veterans. I, for one, believe we can do it on a balanced basis. As this process goes through, it is ac-tually an authority the VA has today. They haven’t acted on it. We are trying to put more pressure on them to make some concise decisions. The Senator from West Virginia has my commit-ment that any instance where we see a decision being made by the VA that is something that is going to take vet-erans further away from care, I will be the first one to join him in making sure we don’t allow that to happen. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. I agree with my col-league from North Carolina. We don’t want to continue if there are areas and assets that can be done away with for efficiencies. I understand that can be done without this. I don’t know the underlying reasons for it. The AIR Act was never even dis-cussed in our committee. We never had the bill in front of us at all. That is all I was saying. How did this all of a sud-den get thrown in? I understand—because of what we put in, the expansion of how we were going to take care of caregivers to all popu-lations of veterans—they were upset on the House side. This was put in retribu-tion to that. I objected to how it was put in being what the intent was. I believe the VA can dispose of excess properties that have been closed, va-cant, and not in utilization. I am con-cerned they are going to come back and say: In the rural areas, we are going to close this CBOC and consoli-date. We have more need right now and a greater need with some of our popu-lation base, especially with the con-flicts we have around the world now. I never talked to a veteran who did not want veterans care if there was any way they could get to a veterans hos-pital or clinic. They were the people who knew them best and knew how to take care of their concerns. That is all I am trying to preserve. I don’t know what the intentions are of this. That is why I wanted to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.038 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2825 May 22, 2018 
that removed, and maybe we can dis-cuss it in our Senate VA Committee and have a better way of reviewing the excess properties and properties not being utilized. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I rise today to discuss the legislation be-fore us, known as the VA MISSION Act of 2018—a significant change for the healthcare delivery system at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. The VA MISSION Act passed the House of Representatives last week and is scheduled to be voted on in the Sen-ate in the coming days. The bill is a re-sult of months of negotiations and dis-cussions between stakeholders, the ad-ministration, and the House and Sen-ate Veterans’ Affairs Committees, of which I am a member. While I appreciate the hard work of those involved, unfortunately, the final legislation is not something that I am able to support. Before I get into my concerns about the bill and what I be-lieve to be its fatal flaws, I want to ac-knowledge that there is a host of good provisions in here that I do support. The one on the forefront of many minds is the caregivers program expan-sion. The caregivers program, a pro-gram that gives support and assistance to certain veterans so they can receive home healthcare by a family member, has always been limited to post-9/11 veterans. However, there are many pre- 9/11 veterans’ family members who do the same work as a caregiver recipient but are not compensated for that work. This program is more cost effective over the long term than an alternative long-term care accommodation. It is due time for this expansion to occur for all families. I also support section 101, paragraph (a), which expands extended care serv-ices, such as nursing home care, through the community care program. It is similar to a bill I introduced with the senior Senator from North Dakota, the Veterans Access to Long Term Care and Health Services Act. This pro-vision will allow long-term care serv-ices to more easily work with the VA in serving veterans. Further, section 101, paragraph (k) of the VA MISSION Act establishes in law that a veteran shall not pay a greater amount for receiving care or services outside of the VA, compared to receiv-ing care at a VA facility. It is similar to the Veterans Equal Cost for Care Act, which I introduced in Congress last year. This section makes certain that veterans will know that VA policy will not change in this regard and that the VA will not place additional finan-cial barriers for veterans to access care outside of the VA at a private provider in an effort to incentivize in-house VA care. Last, section 101, paragraph (d)(1)(D) of this bill, along with section 104, re-quires the VA to develop appropriate access standards when seeking healthcare. However, I remain con-cerned that the VA will not implement it properly. If the VA implements access stand-ards similar to TRICARE, which is the health program at the Department of Defense, then, these sections could be good for veterans. Let me get into my concerns with the bill. This bill makes significant changes to the 40-mile rule under the Choice Program, and I am concerned that it puts our rural veterans in jeop-ardy. The Choice Act, which Congress passed in 2014, before I took office, al-lowed all veterans who live 40 or more miles from a VA facility to receive care at a local, private hospital or clin-ic. Under the VA MISSION Act, this provision will end for all veterans ex-cept those in the top five rural States after 2 years. When the Choice Act was first en-acted, giving rural veterans the option to receive care in their communities, rather than at a VA facility, they over-whelmingly chose to stay close to home and receive private care. They voted with their feet. Because of the law, many are getting better local, private care. I believe vet-erans who use this type of eligibility successfully today ought to be able to use this program in the future, no mat-ter which State he or she is from. In fact, these concerns were ad-dressed when the original legislation was crafted in the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, and all veterans who use the Choice Program today were grandfathered into being able to use the 40-mile rule in perpetuity. Unfortu-nately, the proposal agreed to in com-mittee is not the one in front of us today. I understand that the number crunchers did the math and concluded that the bill discussed in committee was too expensive and they didn’t want to pay this much for the care of our veterans. So the provision I offered was cut down significantly to be limited to the top five rural States, including my own State of South Dakota. While South Dakota was fortunate to be a part of the top five States, this country has many rural States and many rural veterans who rely on the Choice Program’s 40-mile eligibility to get their healthcare. There are roughly 750,000 eligible 40- mile veterans across the United States. Of this portion, a little less than half, or 330,000 veterans, have used this eligi-bility to receive healthcare. In just 2 years, many of these vet-erans will no longer be eligible to re-ceive care outside the VA system based on the 40-mile rule alone, as they do today. Instead, more veterans will have to work through more gatekeepers and review processes to get their commu-nity care request granted, if it is grant-ed at all. Just as important is the way in which 40-mile-eligible veterans receive community care. Currently, when a rural, 40-mile veteran wants commu-nity care, they get community care. There are little, if any, barriers to ac-cess community care today. The VA can’t decide for the veteran where he or she should get the care. The veteran is in total control of their care. There are no reviews, gatekeepers, or con-sultations. The veteran just goes. Under the VA MISSION Act, as it stands today, a VA clinician acts as a gatekeeper for the veteran. Section 101, paragraph (d)(2) states that a VA em-ployee must consider certain criteria, some of which are peculiar to a rural veteran, when consulting with a vet-eran on where the veteran should go for healthcare. ‘‘Consider’’ is not a very tough or obligatory word, and it leaves a lot of leeway for our Wash-ington bureaucrats to write rules in a way that may not put the care of our veterans above all else. My concern here is that when this bill is signed into law, rules are going to start to be written, and the number crunchers are going to influence every rule to meet the bare minimum of the required language. Just in case anyone is interested in an example, let me briefly remind the Chamber that the original Choice Act intended to provide community care to veterans who live 40 miles or more from a VA facility. How was that rule initially written? Community care was based on 40 miles as the crow flies. That is right—as the crow flies. It took intense pressure from the veterans or-ganizations and Congress to amend that rule to be based on driving dis-tance, or better known as the way al-most every veteran travels to a VA fa-cility. Why was that rule written to deter-mine community care as the crow flies? Cost. Cost and nothing more. The VA wrote the rule in a manner that complied with the bare minimum re-quirements of the law but not with the spirit of the law. The VA did not write the rule in a way that was in line with the way a normal veteran would access community care. By writing the rule this way, the VA was able to restrict community care access to veterans to control cost. With so much ambiguity in the lan-guage as it is currently written, my fear is that the same cost-first men-tality will be used once this bill is signed into law. We believe veterans should be in full control of their healthcare, not a bureaucrat. Additionally, under the Choice Act, the access standards have been clear when it comes to the 30-day rule. It states that if you wait longer than 30 days, you can use a private provider, period. Under the VA MISSION Act, the standards are fluid, and the cut- and-dry 30-day standard goes away. We know that this has been a widely used metric for veterans’ eligibility to re-ceive care outside the VA. In fact, since the Choice Act began in Novem-ber of 2014, there has been roughly 1.4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.039 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2826 May 22, 2018 
million instances in which a veteran has been authorized for care outside of the VA based on the 30-day rule. Under the VA MISSION Act, there will be a new review process for vet-erans who request to receive care out-side the VA system, based on meeting an access standard which has yet to be written. Again, if the VA implements these access standards like TRICARE, this could be good for veterans. But whether that happens is subject to rulemaking and cost constraints. Finally, I am concerned about title II of this bill, which is the asset and in-frastructure review provision that paves the way for what is essentially a VA BRAC that could close out some of our most vulnerable VA facilities, par-ticularly in rural areas. I know that my friend and colleague from West Vir-ginia was just expressing some of the same concerns. Of particular concern is a provision that would seek to neu-tralize appropriations language that prohibits the VA from reducing serv-ices in the Veterans Integrated Serv-ices Network 23 unless a series of im-portant criteria are made. For years, the VA has incrementally sought to close the Hot Springs campus in my home State of South Dakota. The VA has not conducted its due dili-gence in deliberating over the future of the Hot Springs campus, which pro-vides veterans from three States and Indian Country healthcare. This is a pocket of rural America where few healthcare options exist. This VA BRAC provision puts VA fa-cilities like the one we have in Hot Springs in jeopardy. The Hot Springs VA facility has consistently been named one of the top VA facilities in the entire United States. If we are truly putting the care of our veterans before all else, we should be propping up facilities that have a track record of delivering timely, high-quality care to our veterans. With the asset and infrastructure re-view provision in this bill, I worry about the future of rural VA facilities such as Hot Springs. More importantly, I am concerned about our rural vet-erans’ access to adequate care, includ-ing mental health services, should these vital facilities be closed in the future. Some have been saying that even though the provision is in there, the VA has provided assurances that places like Hot Springs are not in jeopardy, despite the law allowing the agency to review and eventually close facilities across the Nation if it determines it is necessary. While the VA has some great employ-ees, including its leadership, I am re-luctant to consent to the BRAC process because the appropriations language requirements are what I view as due diligence by the VA before any decision is made on the closing of campuses like those in Hot Springs. In this particular case, the asset and infrastructure re-view language intends to neutralize that appropriations language, and I will not support that path forward. At the end of the day, all we can count on is what we have enacted through legislation, and this bill clear-ly allows for the VA BRAC to occur. My decision to oppose the VA MIS-SION Act is not one that I have made lightly. I recognize the many good pro-visions in this bill that would go a long way toward improving care for our Na-tion’s veterans. I also want to recog-nize the hard work that went into the final package. I particularly want to thank Chairman I
SAKSON , our Senate Veterans’ Affairs chairman, for making a truly honest effort to address the ideas and concerns of all the com-mittee members, including my con-cerns, which were reflected when we passed our bill out of committee ear-lier this year. Unfortunately, those concerns were not included in the final package. That said, the fight is not over. Even though we expect the VA MIS-SION Act to pass the Senate and be signed into law before Memorial Day, there will be plenty of work to do as the law is being implemented. I will continue working with my colleagues, the administration, veterans groups across the State, and other stake-holders to keep a close watch on the VA’s implementation of the VA MIS-SION Act to make certain the agency is putting the proper care of our vet-erans above all else. Now, this is something that you never hear in this body, but this is an instance in which I would be happy to be wrong in my assessment. In fact, I challenge the VA to prove me wrong. We were close to having a really good bill with the VA MISSION Act by ex-panding the caregivers program to pre- 9/11 veterans, by expanding community care to include community services, and in providing payment protections to rural vets so they will not pay a greater amount for using community care than they would for care at a VA facility, just to name a few. I would have happily voted for any of these provisions as separate measures, and I am grateful that our veterans will greatly benefit from them. I had hoped to get a place in the final bill where my concerns would be able to be fixed, but at the end of the day, my concerns outweigh the good, and I have to vote no. I have the privilege of serving on both the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee and the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I cannot tell my col-leagues what an honor it is to fight every day to make sure that our serv-icemembers and veterans receive the tools and the care they so clearly de-serve. They make incredible sacrifices so that we can be free. We have a re-sponsibility to take care of them when their service is complete. I look for-ward to continuing to work to fulfill that responsibility. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, with Memorial Day coming up this weekend, I want to offer a few thoughts on this package of legislative reforms for the Department of Veterans Affairs, known as the VA MISSION Act of 2018, being considered by the U.S. Senate. I want to start by commending Sen-ator JONTESTER of Montana, the sen-ior Democrat on the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, for negotiating based on what I call principled biparti-sanship: taking ideas from both parties without sacrificing core values. Montanans have every reason to be proud of Senator T
ESTER for spending months at the negotiating table with Chairman I
SAKSON , the House of Rep-resentatives, and the White House. Make no mistake, the bill before the Senate will make some important re-forms to the way the VA does business. It will consolidate the VA’s multiple community care programs, including the Veterans Choice program, into one permanent framework to allow vet-erans to seek care in their commu-nities. Streamlining these programs was something sought by the Obama administration as well and will help make it easier for veterans to under-stand their options and access the care they need. It will also expand a VA program that provides benefits to in-home care-givers, an effort I have supported for years. The program is currently open to veterans wounded after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. The VA MISSION Act will open the program to veterans from all eras. It will provide more incentives and inducements to help attract medical providers to the VA and keep them there. In particular, the bill will pro-vide more recruitment, retention, and relocation bonuses, it will raise the cap on student loan reimbursement, and it will establish a new loan repayment program for specialties where the VA is experiencing a shortage. As important as these provisions are, I want to express my reservations about the VA MISSION Act as well. I voted for the Choice Act in 2014 be-cause I said it was unacceptable for veterans in Oregon and across the country to be waiting months or driv-ing long hours for a VA appointment. I will be the first to say the same thing today, but I fear this bill will give broad authority to VA leadership to send more veterans out of the VA sys-tem. Given the relentless push by special interest groups to send an ever greater number of veterans into the private sector, I am concerned about the Trump administration giving into those folks and turning the VA over to ideologues or privatization partisans. I am also disappointed to see the asset review provisions included in this bill. If the VA has unnecessary infra-structure, it should be able to make the case to Congress to close or con-solidate those facilities just like any other agency without being required to set up a whole new bureaucracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.049 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2827 May 22, 2018 
Taken together, these provisions strike me as essentially asking Sen-ators to put more trust in VA leader-ship and Donald J. Trump, the same Donald Trump who publicly attacked the parents of a Muslim soldier killed in action and the same Donald Trump who nominated his wholly unqualified personal physician to run the VA. Un-fortunately, this administration has al-ready proven it can’t be trusted to take care of our veterans. I had hoped Senators would be given an opportunity to debate this bill and offer amendments that might have ad-dressed the bill’s shortcomings. The Senate majority has prevented that from happening. So the choice before me and every other Senator this week is to oppose this bill and the good it will do or to support it with significant reserva-tions. After hearing from many Oregonians and from the 38 veterans and military service organizations and seven former VA Secretaries who support this bill, I have chosen the second option and will support the bill despite my concerns. Mark my words: The ultimate suc-cess or failure of this bill will depend on whether Donald Trump and his team at the VA choose to work with Congress and put our veterans first or whether they sell out to the privatiza-tion partisans. I hope my fears about this bill prove to be unwarranted, but as the saying goes, hope is not a strategy, After Don-ald Trump signs this bill into law, I will redouble my efforts to work with Senator T
ESTER and others to support and sustain a robust VA worthy of the millions of veterans it serves. If the Trump administration imple-ments any of these provisions in a way that threatens to privatize or under-mine the VA as a healthcare system, I will pull out all the stops and fight it like hell. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, there are parts of the VA MISSION Act that I strongly support. The expansion of the Caregivers program to veterans of all generations will help support family members who have made enor-mous sacrifices for their loved ones wounded in war. Raising the limits on the Education Debt Reduction Pro-gram, an effort that I helped lead, will make it easier for the VA to attract the doctors and other medical per-sonnel they need. I am concerned, however, that de-spite some very good provisions in this bill, it continues a trend toward the slow, steady privatization of the VA. No one disagrees that veterans should be able to seek private care in cases where the VA cannot provide the spe-cialized care they require or when wait times for appointments are too long or when veterans might have to travel long distances for that care. The way to reduce wait times is not to direct resources outside the VA, as this bill does, but to strengthen the VA by recruiting and retaining the best healthcare professionals to care for the brave women and men who rely on VA healthcare. The way to reduce wait times is to make sure that the VA is able to fill the more than 30,000 vacan-cies it currently has. This bill provides $5 billion for the Choice program. It provides nothing to fill the vacancies at the VA. That is wrong. My fear is that this bill will open the door to the draining, year after year, of much needed resources from the VA. Further, I am disappointed that the legislative process did not allow for votes on amendments that could have made this a stronger bill. The amend-ments I filed, but was prevented from offering, would have provided equal funding for the Veterans Health Ad-ministration and the Choice program, provided real money and a meaningful expansion of the Caregivers program, and established a pilot program for VA dental care in rural areas. In addition, I authored an amendment that would have struck the AIR Act provisions that could result in the closure of VA facilities and language clarifying that veterans may not be held financially liable for errors made by the VA. It is my sincere belief that these amendments would have gone a long way to addressing the deficiencies in the bill and providing the care and ben-efits our veterans have earned and de-served. I hope that my colleagues on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee will work with me to make these nec-essary improvements in future legisla-tion. We must do a better job in stand-ing together against the effort to pri-vatize the VA. I acknowledge the work done by some of my colleagues to improve this bill, but I believe it moves us too far in the direction of privatization. That is why I will vote against it. Mr. ROUNDS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 840, 841, 842, and 843. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The assistant bill clerk read the nominations of Cheryl A. Lydon, of South Carolina, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years; Sonya K. Chavez, of New Mexico, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years; Scott E. Kracl, of Nebraska, to be United States Marshal for the Dis-trict of Nebraska for the term of four years; and J. C. Raffety, of West Vir-ginia, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of West Virginia for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Lydon, Chavez, Kracl, and Raffety nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN H. KLETTE, JR. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, as our Nation pauses on Memorial Day to remember those who made the ulti-mate sacrifice to keep our Nation safe and to protect the liberties we hold dear, I would like to join the residents of Park Hills in recognizing one distin-guished Kentuckian. John H. Klette, Jr., a centenarian veteran of the Sec-ond World War, will be honored as the grand marshal in the community’s Me-morial Day parade. Soon after the United States entered World War II, Klette enlisted at the age of 24 to help defeat Nazi Germany. A practicing attorney and a licensed pilot, he chose to join the Army Air Corps—the precursor of the Air Force— and passed the necessary exams that same day. After months of training, he was assigned as a pilot in the 32nd Bombardment Squadron of the 301st Bombardment Group and was sent to southern Italy. Klette’s first mission to Bucharest, Romania, saw significant enemy resistance, and his aircraft suf-fered serious damage. That fight would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.023 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2828 May 22, 2018 
not be the last time Klette saw danger in the line of duty. To this day, he remembers what he calls the worst mission of his career. Overcome by dozens of persistent enemy craft, Klette’s plane was in a dire state. With low oxygen and fires onboard, the crew resisted wave after wave of enemy fighters destroying or damaging several of the enemy craft. Showing tremendous courage in the face of incredible danger, Klette and his team completed their mission and returned to their base. In recognition of their intrepid ac-tions, the entire crew was awarded the Silver Star, the third highest combat decoration awarded by the Armed Forces. Klette was only 25 at the time. Throughout World War II, Klette flew 51 missions, finishing his last on Thanksgiving Day in 1944. As a member of the Greatest Genera-tion determined to serve his Nation, Klette entered the Reserves after World War II. He was called back to Active Duty and served for nearly 2 years in Korea. Flying 50 combat mis-sions in that conflict, Klette totaled more than 100 missions during his mili-tary career. After officially leaving military serv-ice in 1952, Klette returned to northern Kentucky to practice law with his fa-ther in Covington. Still practicing law to this day—now with his daughter as a partner—Klette has been an active member of his community, serving on the board of multiple civic organiza-tions. As the grand marshal of the Park Hills Memorial day parade, Klette will receive the recognition and gratitude that he deserves. Because of his years of dedication to our Nation in uniform, I am proud to join with the Park Hills community to honor his gallant service and sacrifice. I urge all of my col-leagues in the Senate to help me thank John Klette. (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 103 on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 608, the nomination of Dana Baiocco to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion for a term of 7 years from October 27, 2017. On vote No. 103, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 608. I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 104 on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2372, the VA MIS-SION Act of 2018. On vote No. 104, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 2372.∑ 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OF ATTU Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, as we approach Memorial Day to remem-ber the men and women who sacrificed their lives in devotion to the causes of liberty, freedom, and democracy, I would like to take the opportunity to speak about one event in our Nation’s history that had a profound impact on my great State. The Battle of Attu was the only land battle fought in North America during the Second World War. Commonly referred to as the Forgot-ten Battle or Forgotten War, the cam-paign began in 1942 with the bombing of Dutch Harbor and subsequent inva-sions of Adak, Kiska, and Attu by the navy of Imperial Japan. On June 7, 1942, close to 3,000 Japanese soldiers in-vaded Attu, exactly 6 months to the day after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. As the only land battle during World War II, it was costly. In May of 1943, over 15,000 American soldiers stormed this small island in the Aleutians, and over the course of the engagement, the United States suffered 549 casualties and sustained more than 1,200 injuries. Many more were taken out of action due to disease and nonbattle injuries. Of the over 2,400 Japanese soldiers present at the battle, only 28 survived the battle by capture. In addition to these often forgotten sacrifices is the impact on those resi-dents who lived on Attu. During the Japanese invasion, all 47 residents of the island were detained, captured, and taken to Japan as prisoners, where 22 would later perish. Those who did sur-vive were not able to return home; there were too few people to rebuild the community after being destroyed by war. Today, before the Senate, I would like to take a moment to honor the brave servicemembers and the Alaska Territorial Guard members who fought and, in many cases, gave the ultimate sacrifice to defend the territories of the United States and the memory and lives of those Aleut evacuees and Attuan prisoners of war whose commu-nities, culture, and languages were for-ever effected. From May 17 to May 19, a memorial ceremony took place in Alaska to honor and acknowledge those who were affected by the Battle of Attu—the Aleut evacuees, their descendants and veterans of this Forgotten War, both living and deceased. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JEFFREY HOLT ∑Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, today I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice of Jeffrey Holt, a firefighter from Brownsburg who served in the Law-rence Fire Department. Selflessness, caring for others, and service to his community were defining traits of Jeff’s life. On the morning of April 30, 2018, Jeff was participating in an annual physical assessment training when he collapsed and suffered an apparent heart attack. He passed away at Indiana Heart Hos-pital. Jeff’s death left his fellow fire-fighters without one of their leaders, and he will be sorely missed by his fel-low firefighters and loved ones. Jeff was a graduate of Indiana’s Ben-ton Central High School. After fin-ishing high school, he worked at the Otterbein Fire Department in Otterbein, IN, as a firefighter and then as an EMT and subsequently joined the Purdue Fire Department in 1985. In 1994, Jeff began training to be a para-medic and, while training, met his fu-ture wife, Lindi. In 1996, he began his service in the Lawrence Fire Depart-ment as a firefighter and paramedic. Over the course of his career with the Lawrence Fire Department, Jeff served as an engineer, lieutenant, division chief of training, and deputy chief of operations. Outside of work, Jeff pursued his pas-sion for music and was the lead singer in several bands. He shared this love of music and rescuing special needs ani-mals with Lindi, his wife of nearly 20 years. He is survived and deeply missed by his wife, Dr. Lindi Holt, stepdaughters Jennifer and Rachael Kempfer, parents Dr. Donald and Marilyn Holt, brothers Dr. Steve Holt and Bill Holt, sister Kathy Stichnoth, as well as nieces, nephews, and a great-nephew. Jeff represented the best of Hoosier values. He put his life on the line day- in, day-out, serving his community and working to keep his fellow citizens safe. Those who knew Jeff described him as well-liked and respected, com-passionate, dedicated, and loyal. Jeff set a strong example for others, and let us remember and emulate the example this selfless man set for us and honor his commitment to serving his commu-nity. On behalf of Hoosiers, we mourn with Jeff’s family, the men and women he served with, and the Lawrence commu-nity. His legacy will live on and his memory will not be soon forgotten. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO M AKENZIE SHEEHAN ∑Ms. HASSAN. Madam President, I am proud to recognize second grader MaKenzie Sheehan of Monroe, NH, as the May Granite Stater of the Month for her bravery and quick thinking that helped save her family when their house caught on fire recently. On the night of the fire, MaKenzie woke to a crash in her bedroom, and when she saw a wall of fire, she quickly acted to wake her sister. Remembering from her fire education at school that the door would be hot, she knew not to touch it and began screaming for help. Her cries alerted the rest of the family, and they were able to make it out just in time. Her family is very proud and grateful for MaKenzie’s grace under pressure and considers her their hero. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.041 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2829 May 22, 2018 
I am honored to recognize MaKenzie as the May Granite Stater of the Month. MaKenzie represents the strength of character that defines the Granite State, and her actions are an excellent reminder that, no matter our age, it is critical that we are equipped with the knowledge of what to do in case of an emergency.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE KING ∑Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Madam Presi-dent, I am pleased to commend George King of Washington County, MS, for his service and contributions to the State of Mississippi while serving as the 82nd president of the Delta Council. Founded in 1935, Delta Council is a widely-respected economic develop-ment organization representing busi-ness, professional, and agricultural leaders in the Delta region of Mis-sissippi. I commend Delta Council for its continuous role in improving the quality of life in this unique part our country. George King’s tenure as council president began in May 2017. The Delta Council under Mr. King’s leadership has benefited from this extensive expe-rience as a strong voice for the region on farm policy. He is an important pri-vate-sector leader in water resource de-velopments, which are vitally impor-tant to this highly productive agricul-tural region of Mississippi. Mr. King graduated from Leland High School and earned an agronomy degree from Mississippi State University. He is a partner in Nelson-King Farms, a diversified row-crop farming operation. In addition to his leadership in Delta Council and farm production activities, Mr. King has served as Director of the National Cotton Council, and Cotton, Incorporated. He is also past president of the Southern Cotton Ginners Asso-ciation, and a former Chairman of the USDA-Farm Service Agency County Committee. I am pleased to offer congratulations to George King and to share this appre-ciation with his wife, Lisa, and their four children, Walt, Caroline, Caitlin, and Nelson, as the 83rd annual meeting of the membership of Delta Council convenes on June 1 at Delta State Uni-versity.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO UTAH’S SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINEES ∑Mr. LEE. Madam President, I come before you today to recognize seven ex-emplary young men and women from the great State of Utah who have an-swered the call of service to our coun-try. It is a great privilege to represent these exceptional Utahns in the U.S. Senate, who will attend the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S. Military Academy, and the U.S. Naval Academy. Each year Members of Congress, under title 10 of the U.S. Code, are au-thorized to nominate a number of young men and women from their dis-trict or State to attend the country’s service academies. I am proud to honor these Utahns as they undertake this calling. Each of these students is of sound mind and body, which will serve them well in Colorado Springs, West Point, and Annapolis, but to succeed, they will need more than this. In addition to mental and physical aptitude, the journey upon which these young men and women will soon em-bark demands strong moral character: leadership, courage, honesty, prudence, and self-discipline. It calls for a com-mitment to service and love of coun-try. These students have already dis-played these qualities of character and standards of excellence upon which America’s service academies are built. Today, I would like to recognize and congratulate these dedicated and gen-erous young men and women. Delia Margene Cheney will be attend-ing the Air Force Academy after grad-uating from the Utah Military Acad-emy, where she served as commander of the largest Air Force JROTC pro-gram in the western United States. She was captain of both her school’s aca-demic team and volleyball team and served as a member of their State champion drill team. Delia was also a delegate to Girls State and served as an intern for two sessions of the Utah State Senate. She stayed active in her community through service with the National Honor Society, as well as her choir and church youth group. Daniel Scott Dwyer, from Bingham High School, accepted an appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy. Daniel serves in the Boy Scouts as a senior pa-trol leader and earned the rank of Eagle Scout with a project that en-tailed sending care packages to ma-rines serving in the Middle East. He ran with both the Bingham Miners’ track and cross-country teams and was a member of the JROTC. He also served his peers as a volunteer with special needs youth, all while taking rigorous classes and maintaining a high GPA. Talmage Cragun Gaisford will be at-tending the U.S. Military Academy. As a graduate of Orem High School, Tal-mage was a member of the National Honor Society and received high honor roll awards. He earned the rank of Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts and served as a volunteer in Accra, Ghana, where he worked to build an orphan-age. In addition to serving as a leader in his church’s youth organization, he served on the Orem City Youth Council and is an avid mountain biker and hiker. Gage Geoffrey Maki attended the New Mexico Military Institute after graduating from Park City High School. He worked hard and earned an appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy. Gage, whose parents are both graduates of the U.S. Air Force Academy, was a leader in both the Air Force JROTC and the Civil Air Patrol. He attended Boys State and earned the rank of Eagle Scout, where his ambi-tious project led to the replanting of hundreds of trees in an area devasted by a forest fire. Gage has trained as a skeleton athlete with the Junior Devel-opment USA Bobsled/Skeleton Team. Malachi Kay Ruf will be joining his brother at the Air Force Academy. Malachi graduated from North Summit High School and has been attending Utah Valley University. He served as drumline bass captain and the congress debate captain, as well as vice presi-dent of the debate team and the Leos. He was honored to attend Boys State and was a member of his school’s State champion swim team. Malachi sought opportunities to serve others as a vol-unteer for Primary Children’s Festival of Trees, collecting prescription glasses with the Lions Club, volunteering for local triathlons and races, and playing cello at church and community events. Tasia Stevens accepted an appoint-ment to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. She graduated from Mur-ray High School where she was captain of both the soccer team and basketball team, where she was named MVP. A model student-athlete, Tasia main-tained a 4.0 GPA while excelling in sports and volunteering hundreds of hours at the Loveland Living Planet Aquarium. She provided additional community service with the National Honor Society and was a member of high school German club. Sariah Kim Watchalotone will be at-tending the Air Force Academy. A graduate of West High School, Sariah was president of both the DECA and horticultural clubs and vice president of Panther Pals. She captained both her high school volleyball team and the High Country Volleyball National Team. Sariah volunteered with the Rescue Mission of Salt Lake City, Community Animal Welfare Society, and with University of Utah Health Care. Her grandfather, who served in the South Korean Army, has instilled in her a love of country, and inspired her to enter the military and live a life of service. It has been my distinct honor to speak to and nominate each of these admirable young men and women. These Utahns give me great hope for the future of our great Nation and the future of our Armed Services. To these seven students and to all their future classmates from around the country, I commend your achieve-ments. I urge you to remember the foundation of your success thus far: hard work and sacrifice. Strive to continue on the path of strong moral character and to keep love of country as a guiding principle. If you stay this course, your future will hold great things in store. I wish you all the best as you embark on this jour-ney. Thank you.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.026 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2830 May 22, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE ALWAYS FREE HONOR FLIGHT NETWORK ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I am incredibly honored to rise and rec-ognize a group of 23 heroic military veterans who will travel from West Virginia this week to visit our Nation’s Capital as part of the ninth Always Free Honor Flight. On the occasion of their visit, in which they will see for the first time the monuments built in their honor, I want to express my ut-most gratitude to these special men and women for their extraordinary bravery and patriotism and for their noble sacrifice to help keep our coun-try free. I have said this time and time again: West Virginia is one of the most patri-otic States in this great Nation. With one of our country’s highest per capita rates of military servicemembers and veterans, West Virginia is undoubtedly one of our Nation’s most patriotic States. According to the Department of Defense, West Virginia had the highest casualty rate in the nation during the Vietnam war, and I am so proud that the Honor Flight will allow these West Virginia veterans to pay homage to their brethren at the Vietnam Wall. The 23 veterans participating in this week’s Always Free Honor Flight truly embody the Mountain State’s history and contributions to the safeguard of our American freedoms. Our special West Virginians visiting this week represent warriors from 50 to 94 years old and have traveled from all parts of our great State, from Buckhannon to Bluefield, Princeton to Beckley, and many places in between. In addition to our Mountain State vet-erans, one veteran from North Carolina and two veterans from Virginia will be accompanying their West Virginia neighbors on the daylong adventure. Of the patriots attending, four served in World War II, two served in both the Korean war and the Vietnam war, 17 served in the Vietnam war, two served in the Cold War, one served in the Gulf War, and two served stateside. I would especially like to recognize our World War II Veterans who will be on this Honor Flight. Ninety-four-year- old Sergeant Wetzel Ray Sanders from Midkiff joined the Army in Princeton in 1941. He was a gunner and rifleman stationed in Hawaii and is a Pearl Har-bor survivor. Former Seaman Samuel Helmandollar will also be coming to Washington, DC. The Princeton native and 91-year-old joined the Navy in 1944 in Huntington and was a gunner. We will also be joined by 93-year-old Ser-geant Rudolph Dillon Jennings from Bluefield. He joined the Army Air Corps in 1943 in Princeton and was sta-tioned in England and served in the Eu-ropean Theater. John Howard Winfrey, a 93-year-old from Lindside joined the Navy and Air Force in 1942. He served aboard ships in the Atlantic and Pa-cific as a torpedoman 2nd class during World War II. These men represent our Nation’s Greatest Generation, and their sac-rifices and valor embody American pa-triotism. They fought in such a pivotal war, in an era that threatened our ex-istence as a nation. Unfortunately, as the years go by, we are losing so many of our World War II veterans, and we must show them our utmost gratitude each and every day. As I mentioned, we will also be joined by veterans of the Korean, Vietnam, Cold, and Gulf wars. They engaged in combat all over the world. They were pilots, helicopter gunners, and radio operators. One of these veterans, Curtis Ray Vest of Bluefield, joined the Marine Corps in 1952 in Freeman and served in both Korea and Vietnam. In Korea, he served as a Field Observer for Field Ar-tillery and was stationed in Incheon and Puson. In Vietnam, he was part of the American rescue mission of the French from Vietnam to safety in Japan. Another of these Veterans is Ser-geant Marshall Glenn Mann who joined Air Force in 1968 in Falls Church. On March 4, 1971 during combat at Khe Sanh, the Republic of Vietnam air lift urgently needed to get ammunition to Khe Sanh in to support operation Lam Son719. The objective of this mission was to destroy supply dumps and sever the Ho Chi Minh Trail, which was the corridor running through eastern Laos from North Vietnam to Cambodia and into South Vietnam. Because of the Cooper-Church Amendment passed by Congress in late 1970s, US ground troops and advisers were prohibited from entering Laos. However, U.S. heli-copters supported the operation and U.S. fighter bombers, and B–52 bombers provided air cover. Sergeant Mann re-ceived the Distinguished Flying Cross for extraordinary achievement while participating in aerial flight for this operation. Another Vietnam Veteran joining us is Staff Sergeant Danny Lewis Mead-ows, who joined the Air Force in 1966 in Beckley. Staff Sergeant Meadows was a mechanic on KC–135 Air Refueling Tanker for two years and refueled B–52 bombers and F–4 fighters in Southeast Asia. During his last two years of serv-ice, Staff Sergeant Meadows was a crew chief on a C–130 cargo aircraft in the Philippines and Vietnam. He flew to Saigon and Cam Ranh Bay Vietnam for fifteen to twenty-one days each month. He flew from several bases in Vietnam into the jungle to perform assault land-ings. He was working on his aircraft and was attacked with rockets and fell off the wing, broke his hip and wrist and with four months remaining on his enlistment and was shipped back to the U.S. to recover. We will also have two Veterans that served in the Cold War One of them, Jackson P. Thompson served as a Recon Specialist from 1971–76. He was stationed at Fulda Gap in Germany, which was near the area between the Inner German Border of East and West Germany that contained two corridors of lowlands subjected to a potential in-vasion by Warsaw Pact forces. Showing our appreciation to those who have served is something that we should do each and every day, but today is a special day to pay tribute and thank those who have volunteered to put their lives on the line for our freedoms. The memorials our Honor Flight participants will visit today serve as an important reminder to us all that our freedoms and liberties come at a steep cost. However, I know our veterans will find special meaning and potentially long-lost emotions when they tour such touching sites. The brave West Virginia heroes today have all served this country in a vari-ety of ways, working both at home and abroad. They have engaged in combat on U.S. soil in Pearl Harbor and all over the world, at the Panama Canal, working on the docks of Saigon, pro-tecting the border of West Germany and serving in Desert Shield and Desert Storm. One of our visiting Vietnam veterans, Sergeant Dean Fluharty, who joined the Marine Corps in Parkers-burg, earned a Purple Heart, Silver Star, Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry and a Good Conduct Medal. But regard-less of their rank or duty, each and every one of these veterans answered our nation’s call and has served with incredible pride and valor. This week’s ‘Honor Flight’ and the continued support of our Veterans would not be possible without the dedi-cation of so many volunteers and care-givers. I would like to thank the four JROTC Cadets from Montcalm, Blue-field and Princeton High Schools as well as the military spouses serving as the guardians on this year’s ‘Honor Flight.’ These guardians have selflessly given their time to travel alongside our veterans all the way from Princeton, West Virginia to Washington, D.C. to share this very special journey with them I also commend those in the ‘Always Free Honor Flight’ Network for their dedication to providing our Veterans with such a unique and meaningful ex-perience. Without the diligence and passion of Dreama Denver, President of ‘Always Free Honor Flight’ Network and owner of Princeton, West Vir-ginia’s Little Buddy Radio, as well as Pam Coulbourne, the coordinator of these flights, many of our Veterans would never have the opportunity to travel to Washington and pay homage to the men and women they fought be-side. Dreama and Pam launched the ‘Always Free Honor Flight’ in 2012 and every year, they continue to make this dream a reality for many of our West Virginia Veterans. I’d also like to recognize Sergeant First Class Paul Dorsey, Vice President of Always Free Honor Flight and Offi-cial Photographer Steve Coleman, who have done a tremendous job of ensuring that our Veterans receive the recogni-tion they deserve. Dreama, Pam, and Steve have also dedicated themselves to the Denver Foundation, serving as incredible examples of how individuals can give back to their communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.029 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2831 May 22, 2018 
I am filled with pride every time I meet the patriots who have served our country, and I am so pleased to wel-come West Virginia’s most courageous veterans, who are all heroes, to Wash-ington, D.C. I encourage all of my col-leagues to join me in saluting them. They truly inspire us all as we are re-minded of their selfless service. It is because of their bravery that all Amer-icans enjoy the greatest liberties and freedoms in the world. God bless all our servicemembers and veterans, God bless the great State of West Virginia, and God bless the United States of America.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUNDANCE CONSULTING, INC. ∑Mr. RISCH. Madam President, Idaho is known for its rolling foothills, crys-tal clear rivers and streams, and of course some exquisite mountains. Ida-hoans embrace these treasures across our State and are committed to keep-ing these natural resources pristine for the next generation. This commitment to maintaining our public lands con-tributes to an abundance of innovation and creativity in the natural resources space in my home State. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my distinct pleasure to recognize Sundance Consulting, Inc., as the Small Business of the Month for May 2018. Sundance Consulting, Inc.’s work on important environmental and nat-ural resource-related issues exemplifies Idaho’s entrepreneurial spirit and stew-ardship of our environment. After 19 years of working for the Na-tive American Lands Environmental Mitigation Program as a consultant fo-cused on addressing environmental problems related to previous Depart-ment of Defense activities, September Myres founded Sundance Consulting, Inc., in 2005. She founded Sundance with a vision to provide solutions to the environmental challenges faced by Native Americans and Native Alaskans alike. Raised on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation in Idaho, Ms. Myres has a keen understanding of the unique envi-ronmental issues that tribes face. With her background and experience in Trib-al lands, Ms. Myres is uniquely posi-tioned to implement innovative solu-tions to ongoing environmental prob-lems in these communities. Among the solutions that September provides are general consulting services, environ-mental site assessments, site investiga-tions, radioactive waste retrieval, proc-ess optimization, and soil and water sampling, all of which help clients un-derstand the environment they are working in and ways to mitigate any potentially harmful activities. Under Ms. Myres’ exceptional leader-ship, Sundance Consulting has grown from a sole proprietorship to a firm of more than 50 employees. The company is headquartered in Pocatello, ID, with eight satellite offices across the Na-tion. From 2011 to 2016, Sundance in-creased their revenue by $10 million and hired an additional 50 employees. The firm’s continued growth has been a product of its growing client base. From its original focus on tribal cli-ents to today’s diverse portfolio of Fed-eral, State, and commercial clients, Sundance prides itself on delivering quality advice and planning services on-time and under budget, while pro-tecting the environment. Over time, the company has expanded its offerings to include public outreach and liaison services that help to build consensus and increase public participation in the planning of client projects. Over its 13 years in business Sundance has earned a reputation of excellence in their field by bringing diverse organizations to-gether to create environmental solu-tions. In 2008, Sundance began utilizing the SBA 8(a) Business Development Pro-gram, a 9-year certification program that helps small, disadvantaged busi-nesses compete for government con-tracts. The program provided Ms. Myres with the tools and knowledge re-quired to grow her business. Sundance’s success has allowed the company to give back to their local community in Idaho. Every year, the company provides school supplies and backpacks to children in need, through a charity drive in Chubbuck, ID. Addi-tionally, Sundance provides scholar-ships to Native American students going in to the science, technology, en-gineering, or mathematics fields. The company’s high standards and good reputation have led to recognition from the environmental and small business communities. The Environ-mental Business Journal noted Sundance’s incredible growth and eco-nomic success in environmental con-sulting. In 2016, the Journal awarded Sundance the 19th Annual Small Firms Award for Achievement. Due to her success as an entrepreneur and her commitment to environmental preser-vation, the Small Business Administra-tion honored Ms. Myres as the 2018 Idaho Small Business Person of the Year during National Small Business Week for demonstrating growth, inno-vation, and perseverance in the face of adversity. Innovation, growth, and commitment to quality are the hallmarks of Sundance Consulting’s success. The company’s continual commitment to helping communities exemplifies how small businesses are in a unique posi-tion to make a profit and make a dif-ference. Sundance is a true inspiration to innovators and small businesses across the Nation for their incredible success. I would like to extend my sin-cerest congratulations to September Myres and all of the employees at Sundance Consulting, Inc., for being se-lected as the May 2018 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State of Idaho proud, and I look for-ward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ TRIBUTE TO HEATHER ANDERSON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I honor Heather Anderson, the Manatee County Teacher of the Year from Mar-tha B. King Middle School in Bra-denton, FL. Heather credits her students as the reason why she was named Teacher of the Year. During the award ceremony, she noted that they keep her going every day and thanked them for giving her purpose and meaning. Everything she does is for her students, and she cannot wait to see what the future holds for them. Heather wanted to be a teacher since she was a child and said this award is one of the most rewarding parts of her career. For students who enter her classroom, she has committed herself to positively contributing to their lives, promises to value and treat them with respect, hold the highest standard for herself and students, and monitor and adjust her work to ensure they are prepared for their educational future. In her classroom, students are able to use tablets to learn and conduct re-search for their assignments. These tablets were not provided by the school, but through a fundraiser she put together. She is dedicated to seeing each and every one of her students suc-ceed in school and in life. Heather is an English I honors and language arts teacher at King Middle School. She serves as chair of the lan-guage arts department and has been a teacher for 18 years. I extend my appreciation to Heather for her hard work and dedication to her students and wish her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CATELYN BOZE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I honor Catelyn Boze, the Putnam County Teacher of the Year from Q.I. Roberts Junior-Senior High School in Florahome, FL. Catelyn received this important rec-ognition because of her ability to en-courage students from all ranges. She challenges the gifted students and helps motivate those who struggle. This dedication to her students re-sulted in many striving to produce work that will make her proud. Catelyn’s success is built on three components. According to her, a large portion of teaching is relational. When students know their teacher cares about them, they are more open to learning. She demonstrates this to her students by setting high expectations and not allowing them to become unengaged. The second component is Catelyn’s creativity and deep content knowledge. This allows her to create questions that challenge her students to think critically. The third compo-nent of her success are two initiatives she designed in the past 2 years: stu-dent choice and nonzero grading. Catelyn believes that a student who re-ceives a zero for an assignment does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.029 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2832 May 22, 2018 
not give her the necessary feedback to determine what a student has learned and damages their motivation to school. Instead, her grading practices allow for end-point mastery, which she believes to help her students learn. Catelyn has taught at Q.I. Roberts Junior-Senior High School for 3 years and is involved with several extra-curricular activities. As yearbook sponsor, she doubled the size of the yearbook and increased sales to where more copies were needed to be ordered. She also cosponsors the Hi-Q team and attends school sporting events and per-formances of her students. I express my best wishes to Catelyn for her commitment to her students and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELENE HOTALING ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I honor Helene Hotaling, the Marion County Teacher of the Year from Madi-son Street Academy in Ocala, FL. Helene believes what best describes her life as a child, parent, and as an ed-ucator can be attributed to a quote from Dr. Seuss: ‘‘To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.’’ Helene’s parents were poor, had little education, and spoke broken English. As a result, her initial introduction to school in first grade was difficult. It was not until a retired teacher in her neighborhood guided her to where she is today. That retired teacher, Ms. Nuesell, saw she could make a dif-ference in her life and taught her the joy of learning. This inspired Helene to become a teacher at a young age. Ms. Nuesell took Helene to the li-brary and sat with her as she struggled to read. This kindness and persistence paid off, and by the time Helene en-tered second grade, she could read and keep up with her classmates academi-cally. Helene knows Ms. Nuesell did not have to do this; she did so because she enjoyed teaching. Ms. Nuesell has been her role model in life. Helene is a graduate of the Univer-sity of Georgia with bachelor of arts degree in elementary education and a master’s degree in teaching reading from Barry University. She has been a teacher for 29 years, with all but 2 years in Marion County. Helene has taught fourth grade, third grade, sec-ond grade, and kindergarten, She is currently a third grade teacher at Madison Street Academy. I thank Helene for her dedication to teaching countless students through-out her nearly three decades long ca-reer. I express my best wishes for her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JASON LANCY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I am honored to recognize Jason Lancy, the Lake County Teacher of the Year from Windy Hill Middle School in Clermont, Fl. Jason was not a math wizard when he was in school, originally struggling with the subject. It is fitting that he has been given this prestigious award while serving as the chair of the math department. Jason said it was hard to explain how it felt to receive this honor, though he felt it was definitely one of the greatest nights of his life. Jason’s students tell him how he ex-plains math is different and easier for them to understand. He relates this trait to the fact that he can empathize when they feel lost and confused with math. He seeks to deepen his student’s understanding and increase engage-ment by teaching passionately and with a sense of humor. By all accounts, he has a close rela-tionship with his students. Jason shared his feelings towards the night he received this honor by putting the trophy in his classroom and showed his students pictures from the event. They were ecstatic for him, noting it was a class atmosphere unlike any other he had experienced before. Jason has been an eighth-grade Alge-bra 1 and Algebra 1 honors teacher at Windy Hill Middle School since 2007. He earned his bachelor of science degree from Indiana University of Pennsyl-vania in mathematics education and earned his master of education degree from the University of Central Florida in mathematics education. I express my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Jason for his hard work and look forward to hearing of his and his students’ continued success. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ANGELA PERRY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Angela Perry, the Lafay-ette County Teacher of the Year from Lafayette Elementary School in Mayo, FL. The compassion Angela displays to her students and her demonstration of being a model teacher to her peers led to her being named Teacher of the Year. Angela credited her school’s ad-ministration, colleagues, and friends who share her love of teaching for her receiving this honor by the district. Angela’s teaching philosophy is guid-ed by a quote from Mother Teresa: ‘‘Not all of us can do great things, but we can do small things with great love.’’ She abides by this quote when it comes to teaching her fifth grade stu-dents as they begin to transition from elementary to middle school. Outside of the classroom, Angela is involved throughout her community by volunteering with her church youth’s ministry. She has coached soccer, bas-ketball, and softball for local youth programs. Angela has also been a board member for the Lafayette Babe Ruth Program for 14 years. Angela graduated from Lafayette High School in 1992 and continued her educational career by earning an ele-mentary education degree at Valdosta State University in 1997. She has taught at Lafayette Elementary School since 2011, teaching fourth grade for 6 years and is currently teaching fifth grade math. I express my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Angela for the dedication she has provided to her students and community throughout the years. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO AMY ROBERTS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Amy Roberts, the Columbia County Teacher of the Year from Sum-mers Elementary School in Lake City, FL. Amy’s colleagues describe her as an organized, structured professional with proven teaching, motivating, and lead-ership skills. These abilities undoubt-edly contributed to Amy becoming her school district’s Teacher of the Year. Her administrator noted that Amy works to ensure all students are able to experience success during their aca-demic career. One of her former stu-dents remembers that Amy always did whatever she could to help them suc-ceed in school. Amy is a firm believer in fostering a growth mindset and developing lasting relationships with her students and their families. She views these rela-tionships as paramount to students achieving success in her classroom, college, and in working environments. Amy has been a teacher for more than 7 years, with most of those years at Summers Elementary School. She is currently a first grade teacher. I am honored to express my sincere gratitude to Amy for her hard work and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success throughout her teaching career.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETH ROSENOW ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I honor Beth Rosenow, the Monroe County Teacher of the Year from Coral Shores High School in Tavernier, FL. Beth received this important recogni-tion because of her exemplary marine science and leadership programs. Her colleagues note her outstanding work in and out of the classroom because she connects her class material to the out-side world and keeps her students en-gaged. Beth is known by her coworkers for her unique teaching style. She uses hands-on techniques to give her stu-dents a firsthand experience to the ma-terial they are learning. Her expertise and participation within the local ma-rine science community provides her with material for her students. Beth’s commitment to this field allows her students learn how to assess the health of coral reefs and to report data to the National Oceanographic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Beth has certifications in fish identi-fication, rescue diving, and uses her ex-pertise to challenge her students and herself. She began her teaching career 18 years ago in Fenton, MI, and is com-ing up on her seventh year of teaching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.043 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2833 May 22, 2018 
in Monroe County. She previously taught at Key Largo School before coming to Coral Shores High School. I am pleased to learn of all the hard work Beth has done for her students and extend my best wishes on her con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE SUMMERS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Danielle Summers, the Lib-erty County Teacher of the Year from W. R. Tolar K–8 School in Bristol, FL, where she teaches elementary school. Danielle received this important award because of her strong classroom management skills and hands-on, expe-riential approach to teaching foundational education standards. Be-sides teaching, she has served on the leadership team as the kindergarten grade level chair for 3 years and served as the grade level chair for first grade for the past 2 school years. Danielle has also been a cooperating teacher for both Flagler College and Chipola Col-lege, supervising and training three student-teacher interns in 3 of the past 4 school years. Danielle has been teaching for 10 years. She has taught second grade for 1 year, kindergarten for 6 years, and is currently teaching first grade for the third year. Danielle has also served on the K–3 District evaluation sub-committee and the K–2 district writing committee for Liberty County. I express my deep gratitude to Danielle for her desire to help her stu-dents learn in any way she can. I wish Danielle the best and look forward to hearing of her continued success in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEITH NOLAN ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, today I would like to recognize a selfless young man of great character and tremendous determination, Keith Nolan of Frederick, MD. Keith’s passion for service and for this country has driven him to dog-gedly seek an opportunity to join the less than 1 percent of Americans with a disability who have served in our mili-tary. In his commitment to defend our Nation, as well as our values, he has pursued this issue with many levels of the Defense Department. Moreover, he has reached out to the Armed Services Committees in both Chambers of Con-gress and even approached the White House to seek opportunities for dis-abled Americans to serve in the ranks of the military. Keith is deaf and rec-ognizes that he is quickly reaching the age limit to enlist. However, he is still committed to seeking change that could enable others, with similar dis-abilities, to contribute to the defense of our nation. Keith Nolan is an inspiration to me and to those he has touched. I thank him for the example he sets and am hopeful that someday emerging mili-tary occupations might present oppor-tunities for disabled Americans to serve their country proudly and with honor.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 2:25 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1282. An act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1972. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3642. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to improve the access to private health care for veterans who are survivors of mili-tary sexual trauma. H.R. 3663. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 3832. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for access by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care pro-viders to State prescription drug monitoring programs. H.R. 3946. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’. H.R. 4245. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress cer-tain documents relating to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4334. An act to provide for certain re-porting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with non-Department med-ical providers, and for other purposes. H.R. 4451. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams. H.R. 4830. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs unless the edu-cational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 4958. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5044. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of cer-tain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 5215. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to prohibit employees found to have knowingly misused Department of Vet-erans Affairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or approving officials. H.R. 5418. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using mul-tiple prime vendors. The message also announced that pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 2081, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States Cap-itol Preservation Commission: Mr. H
OLDING of North Carolina. The message further announced that pursuant to section 201(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representa-tives to the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom for a term ending on May 14, 2020: Ms. Kristina Arriaga of Alexandria, Virginia. The message also announced that pursuant to section 3 of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children Act (Public Law 114–244), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individuals on the part of the House of Representa-tives to the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children: Ms. Gloria O’Neill of Anchor-age, Alaska, Ms. Lisa Johnson Billy of Lindsay, Oklahoma, and Ms. Elizabeth Morris of Hillsboro, North Dakota. The message further announced that pursuant to section 4 of the United States Semiquincentennial Commis-sion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–196), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the United States Semiquincentennial Commis-sion to fill the existing vacancy there-on: Mr. H
OLDING of North Carolina. 
At 6:08 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1972. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3642. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to improve the access to private health care for veterans who are survivors of mili-tary sexual trauma; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.046 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2834 May 22, 2018 
H.R. 3663. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3832. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for access by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care pro-viders to State prescription drug monitoring programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 3946. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’ ; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4245. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress cer-tain documents relating to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4334. An act to provide for certain re-porting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with non-Department med-ical providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4451. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 4830. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs unless the edu-cational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4958. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 5044. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of cer-tain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5215. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to prohibit employees found to have knowingly misused Department of Vet-erans Affairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or approving officials; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5418. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using mul-tiple prime vendors; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 1337. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic energy infrastructure projects eligible for certain loan guarantees, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–254). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1563. A bill to authorize the Office of Fossil Energy to develop advanced separa-tion technologies for the extraction and re-covery of rare earth elements and minerals from coal and coal byproducts, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–255). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2200. A bill to reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–256). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S.J. Res. 58. A joint resolution to require certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, and for other purposes. By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2098. A bill to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 2269. A bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works , with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2800. A bill to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for im-provements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Joseph E. Macmanus, of New York, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Colombia. Nominee: Macmanus, Joseph Estey. Post: Colombia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Joseph Estey Macmanus: None. 2. Carol Krumbach Macmanus: None. 3. Christopher Joseph Macmanus, son: None; Megan Walston, daughter-in-law: None. 4. Deceased Parents: Joseph Edward Macmanus, Miriam Butterbaugh Macmanus. 5. Deceased Grandparents: Estey Butterbaugh, Minnie Rupert Butterbaugh, Jose Macmanus, Elsa Sibel Macmanus. 6. Thomas H. Macmanus and Mary C. Macmanus: none to my knowledge; Stephen P. Macmanus: none to my knowledge; Chris-topher J. Macmanus and Nancy Macmanus: none to my knowledge. 7. Patricia M. Grose: none to my knowl-edge; Mary K. Ramsbottom and John Ramsbottom: none to my knowledge. 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. *Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring December 31, 2019. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Mi-chael F. McAllister, to be Vice Admiral. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Daniel B. Abel, to be Vice Admiral. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Scott A. Buschman, to be Vice Admiral. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Linda L. Fagan, to be Vice Admiral. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with Augustino Albanese II and ending with Nich-olas P. Zieser, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 24, 2018. *Coast Guard nomination of Kyle S. Young, to be Lieutenant Commander. *Coast Guard nomination of Michael S. Daeffler, to be Lieutenant. *Coast Guard nominations beginning with Rebecca A. Drew and ending with Sarah J. Reed, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 24, 2018. By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. *John L. Ryder, of Tennessee, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2021. By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2891. A bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to require applicable man-ufacturers to include information regarding payments made to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other advance prac-tice nurses in transparency reports sub-mitted under section 1128G of such Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 2892. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a re-port to Congress on the provision of peer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.007 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2835 May 22, 2018 
support services under the Medicaid pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. E
NZI): S. 2893. A bill to provide for prompt pay-ments to small business contractors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , and Ms. S MITH): S. 2894. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to es-tablish in the Department of Agriculture the position of Rural Health Liaison; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. ROBERTS: S. 2895. A bill to designate the Quindaro Townsite National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2896. A bill to require disclosure by lob-byists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax eva-sion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laun-dering; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. P ORTMAN ): S. 2897. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. H
ELL-
ER, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2898. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to remove lifetime limits under State Medicaid programs on medica-tion-assisted treatment for substance use disorders; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. K ING, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2899. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to provide States with the option of providing medical assistance at a residential pediatric recovery center to in-fants with neonatal abstinence syndrome; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2900. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to include screening for potential substance use disorders and a re-view of any current opioid prescriptions as part of the initial preventive physical exam-ination and the annual wellness visit under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. W ICKER , and Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH): S. 2901. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of telehealth services for the treatment of opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2902. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to facilitate Medicaid ac-cess to State prescription drug monitoring programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2903. A bill to address foreign threats to higher education in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. THUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. C ORNYN , and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 2904. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide guid-ance to States regarding Federal reimburse-ment for furnishing services and treatment for substance use disorders under Medicaid using telehealth services; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 2905. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain in-tegrity transparency measures under Medi-care parts C and D; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K ING, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2906. A bill to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to improve the recruitment of health care pro-viders of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve construction by the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2907. A bill to provide for the withdrawal and protection of certain Federal land in the State of New Mexico; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 2908. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for electronic prior authorization under Medicare part D for covered part D drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2909. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to study and re-port on State Medicaid agencies’ options re-lated to the distribution of substance use disorder treatment medications under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. C ARPER , and Ms. S TA-
BENOW ): S. 2910. A bill to evaluate access to services and treatment for substance use disorders and to telehealth services and remote pa-tient monitoring for pediatric populations under Medicaid; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. T HUNE , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 2911. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide guid-ance to States regarding Medicaid items and services for non-opioid pain treatment and management; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 2912. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to publish data related to the prevalence of substance use disorders in the Medicaid beneficiary popu-lation and the treatment of substance use disorders under Medicaid, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2913. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to improve the monitoring and over-sight of and reporting regarding projects car-ried out under the Military Housing Privat-ization Initiative under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: S. 2914. A bill to require a Comptroller General of the United States report on cer-tain personnel matters in connection with Air Force remotely piloted aircraft; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 2915. A bill to protect alien victims of crime or serious labor or employment viola-tions from removal from the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2916. A bill to require a certain percent-age of liquefied natural gas and crude oil ex-ports be transported on United States-built and United States-flag vessels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2917. A bill to require sponsoring Sen-ators to pay the printing costs of ceremonial and commemorative Senate resolutions; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. S MITH, Mr. W
YDEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2918. A bill to amend the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and otherwise prevent meaningful harm to third parties, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 2919. A bill to amend the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 to provide for reform in the operations of the Office of Government Ethics, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. 2920. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to impose certain re-quirements under the Medicare program with respect to outlier prescribers of opioids; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 2921. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to help ensure coverage of inpatient treatment services furnished in in-stitutions for mental disease; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2922. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to help improve access to care for pregnant and postpartum women re-ceiving substance use disorder treatment, in-cluding for opioid use disorders, in an insti-tution for mental diseases; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2923. A bill to support the development of evidence-based family-focused residential treatment programs; to the Committee on Finance . By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.012 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2836 May 22, 2018 
S. 2924. A bill to encourage the use of fam-ily-focused residential treatment programs for substance use disorder treatment; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2925. A bill to limit the transfer of F–35 aircraft to foreign countries; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. 2926. A bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a family recovery and reunification program replication project to help reunify families and protect children with parents or guardians with a substance use disorder who have temporarily lost custody of their chil-dren; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 519. A resolution to authorize testi-mony and representation in Colorado v. Willenberg; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 184 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 184, a bill to prohibit tax-payer funded abortions. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 760 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 760, a bill to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, and for other purposes. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 974, a bill to pro-mote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facili-tating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chi-nese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2105, a bill to modify the presump-tion of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2269, a bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 addi-tional years. At the request of Mr. C
ASEY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2269, supra. 
S. 2372 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in Na-tional Parks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2379 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2379, a bill to improve and expand authorities, programs, services, and benefits for military spouses and mili-tary families, and for other purposes. 
S. 2404 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2404, a bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to reauthorize the organic agriculture research and extension initiative. 
S. 2418 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2418, a bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to promul-gate regulations that establish a na-tional standard for determining wheth-er mobile and broadband services avail-able in rural areas are reasonably com-parable to those services provided in urban areas. 
S. 2543 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2543, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide grants to develop and enhance, or to evaluate, kinship navigator programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2584, a bill to end discrimina-tion based on actual or perceived sex-ual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.014 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2837 May 22, 2018 
2597, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical edu-cation programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2679 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2679, a bill to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses. 
S. 2723 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2723, a bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to re-quire that supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits for children be calculated with reference to the cost of the low-cost food plan, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Agriculture, and for other purposes. 
S. 2778 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2778, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to include a prohibi-tion on the listing of a living nonnative species as a threatened species or an endangered species, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2789, a bill to pre-vent substance abuse and reduce de-mand for illicit narcotics. 
S. 2810 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2810, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to establish an efficient system to enable employ-ees to form, join, or assist labor organi-zations, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 386 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 386, a resolution urging the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elec-tions, comply with constitutional lim-its on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a demo-cratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than De-cember 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association. S. RES. 502 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 502, a resolution supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilat-erally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 519—TO AU-THORIZE TESTIMONY AND REP-RESENTATION IN COLORADO V. WILLENBERG Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 519 Whereas, in the case of Colorado v. Willenberg, Case No. 17M1242, pending in Mu-nicipal Court in Colorado Springs, Colorado, the defendant has requested the production of testimony from Andrew Merritt, an em-ployee in the office of Senator Cory Gardner; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§ 288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent current or former Members, officers, and em-ployees of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or request for testimony re-lating to their official responsibilities; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; and Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That Andrew Merritt, an em-ployee in the Office of Senator Cory Gardner, is authorized to testify in the case of Colo- rado v. Willenberg, except concerning matters for which a privilege should be asserted. S
EC. 2. The Senate Legal Counsel is author-ized to represent current and former Mem-bers, officers, and employees of the Senate in connection with the production of evidence authorized in section one of this resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution author-izing the production of testimony and representation by the Senate Legal Counsel, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this resolution concerns a request for testi-mony in a criminal action pending in Colorado State court. In this action, the defendant is charged with trespass for refusing to leave Senator G
ARD-
NER’s Colorado Springs office. A forth-coming evidentiary hearing and trial is expected to be scheduled shortly in the Municipal Court of Colorado Springs, Colorado. The defendant in this case is seeking testimony from Andrew Merritt, Sen-ator GARDNER ’s State Director, who was present during some of the events at issue. Senator G
ARDNER would like to cooperate with this request. The enclosed resolution would au-thorize the production of testimony from Mr. Merritt and representation by the Senate Legal Counsel of current and former Members, officers, and em-ployees of the Senate. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2264. Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2265. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2266. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2264. Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS. 
The authorizations of appropriations added to 38 U.S.C. Chapter 17 by this Act [‘‘VA MISSION Act of 2018’’] shall be considered changes in concepts and definitions pursuant to section 251(b)(1) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (‘‘BBEDCA’’; 2 U.S.C. 901(b)(1)). These changes shall be reflected only in the budget year in each Sequestration Preview Report required by section 254(c) of BBEDCA. For each budget year, the baseline level of new budget authority using up-to-date concepts and definitions shall be equal to the discre-tionary appropriations that are specified for those authorizations of appropriations in the Budget that the President submits under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, including those already provided for that fis-cal year as advance discretionary new budget authority. Within 15 days of the publication of a final rule in the Federal Register pro-mulgating the regulations pursuant to sec-tion 101(c) of this Act [‘‘VA MISSION Act of 2018’’], the Office of Management and Budget shall further adjust the fiscal year 2019 dis-cretionary spending limits to reflect the im-pact of those regulations, as estimated by the Department of Veterans Affairs, on the discretionary appropriations that are speci-fied for those authorizations of appropria-tions in the Budget that the President sub-mitted for that fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31 United States Code, and shall pro-vide written notification to the Congress of such further adjustments. Not later than 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.016 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2838 May 22, 2018 
days after the date each year on which the President submits the budget request under section 1105 of title 31 United States Code, and also 10 days after the publication of the final rule previously referenced in this sec-tion, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report detailing the estimates of the resources required by the Department for those authorizations of appropriations, as forecast using the En-rollee Health Care Projections Model, or other methodologies used by the Depart-ment. For each fiscal year, the Office of Management and Budget shall further adjust the discretionary spending limits in section 251(c) of BBEDCA to reflect the transmittal of any formal and informal supplementals and amendments, as those terms are defined in section 110 of OMB Circular No. A–11, for those authorizations of appropriations and shall provide written notification to the Con-gress of such further adjustments within 15 days of such transmittal. For each fiscal year, the Final Sequestration Report re-quired by section 254(f) of BBDECA shall in-clude a further adjustment to reflect the dif-ference between all of the previous adjust-ments made for that fiscal year pursuant to this section and the new budget authority for those authorizations of appropriations enacted as discretionary appropriations. 
SA 2265. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 11, beginning on line 16, strike ‘‘C
ONDITIONS UNDER WHICH CAREISAUTHOR -
IZED’’ and insert ‘‘A DDITIONAL CONDITIONS  U
NDER WHICH CAREISREQUIRED ’’. On page 11, line 18, strike ‘‘may’’ and insert ‘‘shall’’. On page 13, line 3, strike ‘‘authorized’’ and insert ‘‘required’’. On page 13, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘When the Secretary exercises the authority under paragraph (1), the decision to receive care or services under such paragraph’’ and insert ‘‘The decision to receive care or serv-ices under paragraph (1)’’. 
SA 2266. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 75, after line 25, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 115. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AS SECONDARY PAYER FOR HEALTH CARE IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1703D, as added by section 111 of this Act, the following new section: ‘‘§ 1703F. Department as secondary payer for certain non-Department care ‘‘If a veteran is covered under a health- plan contract (as defined in section 1729(i) of this title) and receives hospital care or med-ical services for a non-service-connected dis-ability at a non-Department facility or from a non-Department provider, such health-plan contract shall be primarily responsible for paying for such care or services, to the ex-tent such care or services are covered by such health-plan contract, and the Secretary shall be secondarily responsible for paying for such care or services.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of section for such chapter is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1703D the following new item: ‘‘1703F. Department as secondary payer for certain non-Department care.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have 12 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on pending legisla-tion and the following nominations: Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and rou-tine lists in the Coast Guard. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Healthcare Workforce: Address-ing Shortages and Improving Care.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 2:15 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 4:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
The Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
The Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 11 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
The Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
The Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 5:15 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, following leader re-marks on Wednesday, May 23, the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the Montgomery nomination, as under the previous order, and the Sen-ate vote on the nomination at 3:15 p.m.; further, that following disposi-tion of the nomination, the Senate re-sume legislative session and all postcloture time on the motion to con-cur in the House amendment to S. 2372 be considered expired; finally, that fol-lowing disposition of the motion to concur, the Senate vote on the cloture motions in relation to the McWilliams nominations in the order filed and that if cloture is invoked, the postcloture time run concurrently. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ACTION VITIATED AND RETURN OF PAPERS —H.R. 
4743 
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that action with respect to Calendar No. 403, H.R. 4743, be vitiated and the Senate agree to the House request to return the papers on H.R. 4743, and authorize the Secretary of the Senate to return the papers on H.R. 4743 to the House of Representa-tives. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF TRAU-MA-INFORMED CARE Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.020 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2839 May 22, 2018 
and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 346. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 346) recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma-in-formed care. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 346) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of December 1, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING TESTIMONY AND REPRESENTATION Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 519, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 519) to authorize tes-timony and representation in Colorado v. Willenberg. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 519) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 2018 Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 11 a.m., Wednesday, May 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. Finally, I ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and proceed to the consideration of the Montgomery nom-ination under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator W
HITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, in this, my 20th speech about the climate changes and ocean changes being driv-en by fossil fuels, I would like to dis-cuss America’s largest oil company, ExxonMobil. For decades, ExxonMobil did every-thing in its power to deceive the Amer-ican public about the existence and causes of climate change. I believe that full transparency would show ExxonMobil and its agents still ob-structing efforts here in Washington to resolve the climate crisis, but I want to focus on one particular audience I be-lieve Exxon has long misled—its share-holders. An Exxon CEO once went so far as to cite a bogus scientists peti-tion to his shareholders—yes, that in-famous ‘‘petition’’ cooked up by cli-mate deniers that included cartoon characters and Spice Girls among the scientists. For decades, Exxon investors have filed resolutions at shareholder meet-ings starting back as far as 1990 urging ExxonMobil to address climate and sus-tainability issues. Exxon succeeded in quashing every single one of them— quashing more than 40 shareholder res-olutions in total, year after year—until last year. At last year’s meeting, big institu-tional investors like BlackRock threw their weight behind a resolution re-quiring Exxon to produce an annual re-port explaining how it will be affected by climate change and global efforts to protect us against climate change. Again, Exxon fiercely opposed this res-olution, but this time Exxon lost. The resolution passed with 62 percent of the vote. That gave Exxon some serious ques-tions to answer: As the world transi-tions to a low-carbon economy, how much oil and gas does Exxon think we will need? How might declining de-mand for oil and gas affect Exxon’s op-erations and bottom line? Will it be ec-onomical to produce all of the reserves currently listed on Exxon’s books? Most significantly, can we burn all Exxon’s reserves and not damage the planet? Well, Exxon’s inaugural climate risk report is out—I have been through it— and it looks to me like they are still playing hide the ball. It looks to me like a report that started with the con-clusion that Exxon can develop all its reserves and then back-calculated the assumptions necessary to get to that conclusion. Let’s have a look. Scientists tell us that we must limit global warming to no more than 2 de-grees Celsius if we are to avoid cata-strophic changes to the planet we in-habit. Many believe that to keep a margin of safety, we actually need to target 1.5 degrees. There is an article that just came out today headlined ‘‘Limiting warming to 1.5 degree C would save majority of global species from climate change.’’ To quote the article, it would ‘‘avoid half the risks associated with warming of 2 degrees C.’’ So there is a big dif-ference of outcomes between 2 degrees Centigrade and 1.5 degrees Centigrade, and it will affect innumerable species on our planet. Well, in its report, Exxon doesn’t ad-dress the 1.5 degrees scenario; it goes with 2 degrees. Exxon’s report goes on to say that its roughly 20 billion oil-equivalent bar-rels of reserves ‘‘face little risk’’ from efforts to meet the 2 degrees scenario. Exxon also says it is ‘‘confident’’ about roughly 71 billion not-yet-proven oil- equivalent barrels that it reports to its shareholders as assets. It claims that no more than 5 percent of these unproven resources will be rendered uneconomical by measures to protect us against climate change. Exxon’s report obviously gets to the result management wants: to tell shareholders that basically all its list-ed assets are recoverable. But look at the assumptions required to arrive at that conclusion beyond the 2-degree as-sumption. One assumption is huge amounts of carbon capture and sequestration, what is called CCS. CCS is technology where carbon emissions are contained at the site where the fossil fuel is burned and then captured and buried far under-ground. This prospect exists but barely exists now. Its future development is something that is projected by the International Energy Agency. This graphic shows the projection by the International Energy Agency of the various elements that will reduce car-bon pollution in the future. The top one is efficiency gains, burn-ing less because of better insulation and so forth, because motors become more efficient. This green one is all the contribution to carbon reduction of renewable en-ergy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.054 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2840 May 22, 2018 
This bottom, dark-blue segment is what the International Energy Agency attributes to CCS, carbon capture and sequestration. For its report, ExxonMobil assumed deployment of CCS technology as much as five times greater by 2040—this year depicted right here—five times greater than the IEA’s projection. If you take IEA’s CCS projection and you quin-tuple it, you get carbon savings that exceed everything IEA projects from efficiency and renewables combined. That is quite an assumption. CCS is ac-tually very expensive, and all it pro-duces is carbon reduction. You still have to run the fossil fuel-burning pow-erplant to make the power, and then, on top of that, you add the carbon cap-ture and sequestration technology that can add $1 billion to the price of the equipment. So here is Lazard’s comparison of various kinds of energy costs. This bot-tom one is solar. Per megawatt hour, it runs $46 to $61—pretty efficient. This is onshore wind—$32 to $62 per megawatt hour produced. This is natural gas; it runs from $48 to $78. Then you add on $25, more or less, per megawatt hour for carbon capture and sequestration, and now you have a very expensive product—about $100 per megawatt hour compared to $46 to $61, for instance, for solar. If that is the case, it is a little sur-prising because you would think that renewables would do better than CCS because they come out far more cheap-ly. So how do you get to an assumption of a world in which CCS outcompetes renewables? It seems improbable, given the pricing, that CCS will roar ahead of renewables, let alone ahead of renew-ables and efficiency combined. If that were true, what a booming market CCS would be to invest in. So let’s test Exxon’s CCS assumption against Exxon’s own investment behav-ior. If Exxon truly saw carbon capture and sequestration as the magic bullet to allow it to produce all its oil and gas reserves, you would expect that it would put its money where its mouth is, but Exxon barely even mentions CCS in its 2017 10–K filing for investors. There is one tiny mention right here under its ‘‘Risk Factors’’ section. Risk factors. If you look at Exxon’s announced in-vestments in the United States this year—$50 billion worth—it makes no mention of any new investments in carbon capture and sequestration. If Exxon really believed that CCS was going to boom like that, bigger than renewables, why not invest more? My hypothesis is that they don’t believe that, that this was just an assumption backed into this report to make it look as if Exxon was going to be able to pro-tect and use all of its reserves to get to the foreordained conclusion. Exxon’s report omits another fact about CCS: that this developing tech-nology will likely see most use with gas-fired powerplants, as my previous graphic showed. It likely cannot be used to capture Exxon’s products’ emissions in the transportation and chemical sectors. Power generation ac-counts for only about one-seventh of total demand for oil and gas, and that share is predicted to fall. Even if it doesn’t fall, that still leaves six- sevenths where it is hard to see a car-bon capture and sequestration offset. Exxon’s report does not describe where exactly this massive deployment of carbon capture and sequestration will take place, but I can assure you it will not be on auto tailpipes. Let’s move on from CCS. A second odd assumption in Exxon’s report is the growth rate Exxon pre-dicts for renewable energy. Exxon claims that renewables will grow only by 4.5 percent annually through 2040. Well, the IEA, the International En-ergy Agency, reports that in 2017—the year we just went through—renewable energy actually grew by 6.3 percent. Well, 6.3 percent is the actual, and they assume it will grow only at 4.5 percent. And that 6.3 percent occurred with massive global subsidies still giving huge advantages to fossil fuel. If you go down the street to Exxon’s rival BP, BP predicts that renewables growth will average 6.5 percent annually through 2040. Exxon claims—although we who live here know it is not true—to support a price on carbon that would obviously lower fossil fuel’s huge subsidy advan-tage, that would give renewables a fair-er shot, and that would presumably ac-celerate renewables growth above the 2017 rate of 6.3 percent. Is Exxon’s low-growth assumption re-alistic for renewable energy? Well, new solar and wind energy products are al-ready becoming more economical than existing coal plants, as we just saw in Colorado. New solar and wind projects now compete on price with new natural gas plants, as a recent auction in Ari-zona showed. The cost trajectory for renewables continues steeply down-ward. This downward curve is the cost of centralized solar power, like those big arrays of mirrors that focus solar on a generator. This steeply downward curve is the downward curve of photo-voltaic, the types of arrays that go out on their own in fields or on rooftops. This is the downward curve of offshore wind energy, and this is the downward curve of onshore wind energy. All of these renewable sources are on a steep downward trajectory. So why would growth slow? Here, again, Exxon made an assump-tion that does not seem plausible, but the assumption does help it arrive at its desired conclusion that it can de-velop essentially all its assets. Here is a third questionable Exxon assumption. Exxon predicts that the market for electric cars and trucks will grow slowly, if at all. Exxon assumes that by 2040 only 160 million out of roughly 2 billion cars—just 8 percent of the automobile fleet—will be electric vehicles. By contrast, the IEA predicts that roughly twice that many cars will be electric by 2040. Most other projec-tions I have seen are even more bullish for electric vehicles, like this one from Bloomberg, which predicts well over 400 million electric vehicles by 2040. In-deed, just the new sales in these 4 years exceed the entire market prediction of electric vehicles for ExxonMobil. Stanford economist Tony Seba stud-ies economic disruptions. He is fond of showing two photos of Fifth Avenue in New York City. In this photo, taken in 1900, you see the parade of traffic on Fifth Avenue. If you look, you will see that every single one of those vehicles is pulled by a horse, except one. There is one vehicle right here with an engine in it. It is 1900, and the entire street is filled with horse-drawn carriages, with just one vehicle in that street scene. Cut forward to 1913, and Fifth Avenue is again filled with vehicles, only this time it is hard to find a horse. There is a vehicle right here that looks as though it is a carriage, and there may be a horse behind this vehicle. But other than that, all of the vehicles that you see are gasoline powered. In just 13 years, the automotive world, the travel world changed, illus-trating Dr. Seba’s point that major economic disruptions can take place in remarkably little time. Think cell phone and landline, if you want a mod-ern example. There is a lot of evidence that elec-tric vehicles present just this sort of economic and technological disruption. Governments in major auto markets like France and the United Kingdom have announced the end of internal combustion vehicle sales by 2040. China, the world’s largest car market, recently announced that by 2025, 20 per-cent of new cars sold there must run on alternative fuels, and it is on its way to an eventual total ban of the sale of gasoline- and diesel-powered cars. Japan, the world’s fourth largest car market, now has more electric charg-ing stations than gas stations. India, the fifth largest car market, has an-nounced that by 2030, all new cars sold there must be electric or hybrid. Elec-tric cars are cheaper to build, to oper-ate, and to repair, and they can provide supercar performance in everyday vehi-cles. Moving on from regular automobiles and into the commercial fleet, Exxon makes the further assumption that no commercial transportation—no buses, no trucks—will be electrified by 2040. Never mind that electric buses are al-ready in use in China, Germany, France, the United States, and many other countries. Rhode Island’s public transit agency is going out to bid for electric buses right now. An American manufacturer asserts that once electric buses get 10 percent market share, complete transition to electric be-comes inevitable. Just last year, the city of Shenzhen in China replaced its entire fleet of more than 16,000 buses with electric ones. Almost 20 percent of buses across China are already electric. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.055 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2841 May 22, 2018 
There are now almost 400,000 electric buses on the road worldwide. Tesla re-cently announced plans to produce 100,000 electric trucks per year by 2023. Well, maybe everyone else is wrong and Exxon is right, but it sure looks as though Exxon investors aren’t getting the complete story from this report. It looks as though they are getting the assumptions that produce the answer that Exxon wants. Cars and commer-cial transportation account for more than 50 percent of the demand for oil and gas, so if Exxon fudged this as-sumption, that has big consequences for the conclusion Exxon reaches that all will be well with its reserves. Stack up all those assumptions—that 2 degrees is the right climate thresh-old, that CCS will boom and even im-pact gasoline markets, that renewable energy growth will slow rather than accelerate, and that electric vehicles will be a bust. It takes all of those as-sumptions piled together to get to Exxon’s desired result. It looks and smells bogus. If you don’t believe me, let me leave you with one last chart. Rystad Energy is an international energy consulting firm widely used and respected in the energy industry. 2C Energy is an American firm looking at how oil companies’ resources and re-serves fare as we face climate risks. Rystad and 2C worked together to de-velop this carbon consumption budget for various oil and gas and energy com-panies using, by the way, the more gen-erous 2-degrees scenario for global warming. So we will spot them the 2 degrees, but it would obviously be dif-ferent if it were only 1.5. This is ExxonMobil right here. The study shows that ExxonMobil, in their best case scenario—this upper sce-nario—is able to extract and burn only 82 percent of its oil and gas assets. The other 18 percent would be left unused or stranded—stranded assets. But wait. If you look at this scenario where methane leakage is allowed to continue from oil and gas drilling, which, by the way, is exactly what Exxon and others are encouraging Scott Pruitt to allow and where CCS technology is not significantly de-ployed, then this scenario here leaves 39 percent of Exxon’s assets stranded. That is 39 percent of all assets stranded versus what Exxon claims, which is that 5 percent of unproven resources might be. By the way, again, that 39 percent stranding is based on 2 degrees of warming, not the more prudent 1.5 degrees, which would require less de-velopment of those resources. Well, Exxon’s 2018 shareholder meet-ing comes up next week, and the inves-tors who did such a great job with last year’s climate resolution should take a look at this report and not be satisfied. There are some questions that need to be answered. Even a former senior Exxon executive has criticized Exxon’s climate risk report as flawed and insuf-ficiently detailed. In an op-ed for CNBC, the former executive, Bill Hafker, writes that ‘‘oil and gas com-panies must take Paris climate targets seriously’’ and says that investors should be dissatisfied with Exxon’s cli-mate risk report because it doesn’t do this. If Exxon, in fact, started with the an-swer it wanted and worked backward to plug in whatever array of unlikely assumptions would get them that fore-ordained answer, well, then BlackRock and other institutional investors who forced this report should demand that Exxon do better. Earlier this year, BlackRock’s CEO Larry Fink wrote to the CEOs of the companies in which BlackRock invests. He urged them to ‘‘serve a social pur-pose.’’ He urged them to ‘‘make a posi-tive contribution to society.’’ Well, where the underlying issue is as vital as the stability of our climate and oceans and where the company in-volved is as immense as ExxonMobil, cooking the numbers not only harms investors, it is a full-on hazard to human society. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 11 a.m., Wednesday, May 23, 2018. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:29 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 11 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 22, 2018: 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
DANA BAIOCCO, OF OHIO, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM OCTOBER 27, 2017. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
CHERYL A. LYDON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH CARO-LINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. SONYA K. CHAVEZ, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. SCOTT E. KRACL, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. J. C. RAFFETY, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.056 S22MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE703 May 22, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, due to a family emergency, I was unable to be present for votes on May 21, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on H.R. 4830 (Roll no. 207); H.R. 4451 (Roll no. 208) and H.R. 3832 (Roll no. 209). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF NAACP BREMERTON UNIT 1134 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th Anniversary of NAACP Bremerton Unit 1134. I was pleased to cele-brate this anniversary officially on Saturday, May 19, 2018 in Bremerton, Washington. Mr. Speaker, according to the chief oral his-torian for the Washington State Legacy Project, in 1940 about 100 people of color lived in Bremerton. By 1944, more than 5,000 people of color moved to the region as part of a massive influx of patriots who came here to help the war effort. The town’s population grew from 15,000 in 1940 to 75,000 in 1944. That growth didn’t come easily. And it only came because people like Lillian Walker and her husband James moved to the region from Illinois and helped form what became Unit 1134. In 2009, Mrs. Walker, at 95 years old, told a historian: ‘‘I’ve always tried to treat people like I want to be treated. I don’t care what color you are as long as you’re a good per-son. I’ve never understood prejudice, and I’ve never put up with it. I always said, ‘Well, you’re either with me or against me. And if you’re against me, that means we’re going to have to fight!’ ’’ And she fought. Mr. Speaker, our nation still has work to do to achieve the dream that Dr. King spoke of not far from this Capitol. The fight for equality continues, and the NAACP—as it has done in Bremerton for 75 years—is leading the way. Anywhere in our country where there is in-equality, the NAACP is there. The NAACP is leading the fight against discrimination at the polls. They are bridging the divide between people of color and our nation’s police officers. They are pushing for better schools that give all our kids the skills they need to reach their dreams. They’re working to end gun violence. And they’re pushing for more opportunities for more people in more places. Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress, please join me in celebrating the 75th Anniversary of NAACP Bremerton Unit 1134. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, May 21, 2018, I was unable to be in Washington and missed Roll Call votes No. 207, To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational as-sistance programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course permits individuals to at-tend or participate in courses pending pay-ment by Department, and for other purposes; No. 208, To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs; and No. 209, To direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to enter into a memorandum of under-standing with the executive director of a na-tional network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’ on all three bills. 
f 
HONORING JEREMIAH ALLEN RUSSELL 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jeremiah Russell. Jeremiah is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 333, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jeremiah has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jeremiah has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Jeremiah has become a member of the tribe Mic-O-Say. Jeremiah has also contrib-uted to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jeremiah acquired, assembled and in-stalled outdoor park benches at Parkville Pres-byterian Church. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jeremiah for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. CONDEMNING ASSAULT ON FAMI-LIES OF DISAPPEARED PERSONS DURING HUNGER STRIKE IN SINDH, PAKISTAN HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I express my grave concerns about the human rights situa-tion in the Sindh province of Pakistan, with special reference to enforced disappearances of persons at the hands of Pakistani security agencies. Many of the disappeared persons are from the Jeay Sindh Mahaz (JSM), Jeay Sindh Mutehada Mahaz (JSMM), and Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz (JSQM). The dis-appeared persons also include teachers, intel-lectuals, writers, and publishers. Six of my House colleagues joined me in sending a let-ter to the State Department on this issue in August 2017. I also raised this issue on the floor of the House in October 2017, and this problem of enforced disappearances was dis-cussed in a February 2018 hearing of the Asia Subcommittee at the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I strongly condemn an incident that occurred this past weekend, when Pakistan’s security forces assaulted the families of disappeared and missing persons who were on a hunger- strike in protest of these disappearances. The family members of Sindhi victims of en-forced disappearances (mainly their daughters and wives, as male members are being held by the security forces or have moved under-ground or remain silent as they fear the secu-rity agencies) and their friends have launched a peaceful nonviolent protest for their release. The daughters and wives of the disappeared persons were engaged in a 72-hour hunger strike in front of the Press Club at Karachi that began May 20. During this nonviolent protest, Pakistani security forces or their agents as-saulted two daughters of the disappeared Hidyat Lohar (an elementary school head-master who was taken away in April 2017 in front of school children) and two daughters of Khadim Arijo (a civil servant missing since April 2017). Security forces also reportedly de-tained about five of the nonviolent activists, though it seems they have been released. It is crucial that Pakistan immediately cease these and other related human rights viola-tions in the Sindh province. Pakistani security personnel and others involved in the enforced disappearances should be held accountable. I urge the U.S. State Department and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, as well as our ambas-sador in Pakistan, to take up this issue with the civilian and military leadership of Pakistan. Our ambassador to Pakistan must receive guarantees from the Pakistani government re-garding the protection of human rights defend-ers and of those who advocate for Sindh’s missing persons. It will be even more signifi-cant to set up a bipartisan fact finding mission to probe enforced disappearances and related killings in Sindh. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY8.001 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE704 May 22, 2018 
GUN VIOLENCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my Congressional Black Caucus Col-leagues to speak forcefully for this Congress to listen to the children of this nation who are crying out to us for help asking that we save them from gun violence. On Friday, May 18, 2018, the community of Santa Fe, Texas joined Parkland, Florida—as the place where gun violence took the lives of children and teachers who were at school. Our hearts still ache with sadness and dis-belief for the families and loved ones of the 8 students and 2 teachers who were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, wives and mother, who lost their lives in this senseless, horrific act of domestic terrorism. Enough is enough. It is safe to say that America is sick and tired of being sick and tired of gun violence. Congress has studied the issue of gun vio-lence and we know the answers to reducing deaths and injuries, but what we lack is the will in this body to act. Here are the top 6 actions the President and the Congress can and must take now to protect our communities: Require universal background checks to keep guns out of dangerous hands; Extend the waiting period to purchase or transfer dangerous weapons like the AR–15 pending completion of background checks to 7 days; Raise the minimum age to purchase or transfer dangerous weapons like the AR–15, high-capacity magazines, ammunitions, and si-lencers from 18 to 21 years of age; Ban military-style assault weapons; Limit high-capacity magazines; and Increase access to mental health services. Provide the tools that gun owners need to maintain control over legally obtained. We can take action without infringing on the 2nd Amendment rights of Americans. We need to make it harder for criminals to obtain guns by strengthening the background check system. We need to ensure that mental health pro-fessionals know their options for reporting threats of violence—even as we acknowledge that someone with a mental illness is far more likely to be the victim of a violent crime than the perpetrator. We must also make safe gun storage a pri-ority. As the founder and Co-Chair of the Con-gressional Children’s Caucus, a senior Mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, and the Rank-ing Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security, I have listened far too often to the testimony of individuals who have survived tragedies or lost loved ones as a result of gun violence. In the words of President Obama after the 2013 Sandy Hook Elementary shooting, ‘‘We’re going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more trage-dies like this, regardless of the politics.’’ While it is certainly true that violent crime and homicide rates in this country have been declining in recent years, they are still far above those in other industrialized nations. There exists a culture of violence in Amer-ica; a subculture that with today’s techno-logically advanced weaponry is far more dan-gerous to public safety than ever before. At no point in our nation’s history has a sin-gle human been more capable of inflicting massive death and misery, and our society is producing more individuals who seek to em-ploy such means to carry out their ill inten-tions. Far too often, the tool of choice for would- be killers are military-style assault weapons with high-capacity magazines. Every day, on average, 92 Americans are victims of gun violence, resulting in more than 33,000 deaths annually. In raising this issue, we recognize and re-spect other cultures that exist in America; law- abiding citizens who are responsible in their ownership of firearms. Many of these citizens are responsible with respect to the lethal capacity of their firearms, opting not to obtain assault weapons or to equip assault weapons with 30, so, 75, or 100–round magazines. Here is what I think the Congress can and must do to reduce gun violence without abridging the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans. Extend the waiting period to purchase or transfer dangerous weapons like the AR–15 pending completion of background checks to 7 days. That is why I have introduced H.R. 4268, the ‘‘Gun Safety, Not Sorry Act.’’ Raise the minimum age to purchase or transfer dangerous weapons like the AR–15, high-capacity magazines, ammunitions, and si-lencers from 18 to 21 years of age. That is why I have introduced H.R. 5088, the ‘‘No Mass Atrocities with Guns Act’’ (‘No MAGA Act’). Reinstate and strengthen the federal ban on assault weapons. I am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 3947, legislation that will reinstates the assault weapons ban that has been introduced by my colleague, Congressman D
AVID CICILLINE of Rhode Island. Reinstate a federal ban on bump stocks and high-capacity magazines holding more than ten rounds and allowing a shooter to inflict mass damage in a short period of time without reloading will save lives. I will soon be introducing the ‘‘Stop Abuse, Violence, and Ending Lives Act of 2018,’’ leg-islation to ban the sale and possession of bump stocks. Require a background check for every gun sale, while respecting reasonable exceptions for cases such as gifts between family mem-bers and temporary loans for sporting pur-poses. I am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 4240, the ‘‘Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2017,’’ legislation that requires universal background checks and closes the gun show loophole that has been introduced by my colleague, Congressman M
IKETHOMPSON of California. It is estimated that four out of ten gun buy-ers do not go through a background check when purchasing a firearm because federal law only requires these checks when someone buys a gun from a federally licensed dealer. That would be like allowing four out of ten people to choose if they would like to go through airport security. This loophole allows felons, domestic abus-ers, and those prohibited because of mental illness to easily bypass the criminal back-ground check system and buy firearms at gun shows, through private sellers, over the inter-net or out of the trunks of cars. Strengthen the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) database to ensure it is up to date by requiring federal and state agencies to transfer important records to the database expeditiously since without the information, the reliability of a background check is questionable. Pass legislation aimed specifically at crack-ing down on illegal gun trafficking and straw- purchasing which often puts guns in the hands of people who are prohibited from having them. Straw-purchasing is when a prohibited buyer has someone with no criminal history walk into a gun store, pass a background check and purchase a gun with the purpose of giving it to the prohibited buyer. Restore funding for public safety and law enforcement initiatives aimed at reducing gun violence. Congress should fund law enforcement’s ef-forts to reduce gun violence, while supporting federal research into causes of gun violence. There is no reason the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) or the National Institute of Health (NIH) should be prohibited from re-searching the causes of gun violence. That is why I have co-sponsored H.R. 1832, legislation that authorizes the appropriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting re-search on firearms safety or gun violence pre-vention. I have also co-sponsored H.R. 1478, the Gun Violence Research Act, which repeals the provision that in practice prohibits the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services from sponsoring research on gun violence. And there is no reason for the restrictions federal law places on our law enforcement of-ficers’ ability to track and combat the spread of illegal guns. Close the holes in our mental-health system and make sure that care is available for those who need it. Congress must improve prevention, early intervention, and treatment of mental illness while working to eliminate the stigma associ-ated with mental illness. Access to mental health services should be improved, the shortage of mental health pro-fessionals should be addressed, and funding should be made available for those programs that have proven to be effective. That is why I have co-sponsored H.R. 1982, the ‘‘Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act,’’ legislation that authorizes the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Social Security Administration to: (1) increase access to mental health care treatment and services, and (2) promote reporting of mental health in-formation to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Help local communities get unwanted and il-legal guns out of the hands of those who should not have them. Congress should help support and develop local programs that get unwanted guns off our streets, such as gun buy-back programs that proved so effective in Australia. Finally, we must address our culture’s glori-fication of violence seen and heard through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.001 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE705 May 22, 2018 
our movie screens, television shows, music and video games. Congress should fund scientific research on the relationship between popular culture and gun violence, while ensuring that parents have access to the information they need to make informed decisions about what their families watch, listen to, and play. Here is what I think neither the President, the Congress, nor state and local govern-ments should not do to reduce gun violence. We Should Not Arm Teachers because they are not trained to handle weapons; this is not what they signed up for. We Must Not Surrender to NRA even though the gun lobby has long enjoyed tre-mendous influence over congressional Repub-licans and some Democrats. Persons who live in fear of gun violence and mass shootings at schools, theaters, places of worship and work, and public spaces are not afraid of the NRA. What they are afraid of is an AR–15 in the hands of a mentally unstable person. Americans are a can-do people; we do not bemoan our problems and accept terrible out-comes. We act to solve them. We have made our cars and trucks and roads safer and reduced traffic fatalities. We have virtually eradicated polio, small pox, and other debilitating and life-threatening diseases. We respond immediately to natural disasters caused by hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods, and man-made disasters caused by acts of terrorism. When it comes to reducing or preventing gun violence, we must summon that same spirit of American resolve and know-how and get the job done. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 208. 
f 
SRI LANKAN REMEMBRANCE DAY 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-ognition of the Day of Remembrance for Sri Lankan communities around the world. Re-membrance Day is generally observed on May 18 or May 19, to remember and mark the sac-rifices made by all those who died, irrespec-tive of their ethnicity, in Sri Lanka’s civil war. For many, who have family and loved ones in Sri Lanka, there is still not closure, because those they lost are not accounted for. The Sri Lankan government has acknowl-edged the receipt of at least 65,000 com-plaints of such disappearances. Independent assessments provided by the human rights community estimate that be-tween 60,000 and 100,000 individuals have disappeared since 1980. The victims included human rights workers, those providing humanitarian assistance, jour-nalists, critics of the government, community leaders, and many others. Abductions and en-forced disappearances have been perpetrated by state and non-state actors. The Tamil people have been disproportion-ately impacted by these crimes, and their fam-ilies deserve to know the truth. All of the fami-lies deserve closure. Despite some action, the Sri Lankan gov-ernment has still made limited progress and more needs to be done. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ROBERT AND MRS. RITA ROBBINS 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Robert and Mrs. Rita Robbins, who have dedicated their lives to caring for Kentuckians as surgeon and surgical nurse, respectively, at Hardin Memorial Hospital. Dr. and Mrs. Robbins met when they were working together at Hardin Memorial Hospital, and fittingly were married in the hospital’s chapel. They have become fixtures in the Har-din County community through their work at the hospital and beyond. Dr. and Mrs. Robbins embody the definition of servant leadership, and I am proud to honor them. 
f 
MELANIE ALLEN 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Melanie Allen and her recent recognition of being named the 2018 Patriot League Scholar-Athlete of the Year. Ms. Allen, an extraordinary tennis play-er, is also a cadet at the United States Military Academy. Melanie recently finished the season in West Point’s No. 2 singles position where she had a record of 19–9 in singles matches and 21–3 in doubles matches, both of which boast as single-season personal bests. Not only is Melanie an excellent athlete, but she also holds a 3.65 GPA as a Psychology major. I congratulate Melanie Allen on her recent recognition for, and her dedication to, both athletics and academics. I look forward to hearing of her successes in the armed forces and beyond in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER FINBARR HARAN ON BEING NAMED OAK LAWN’S TOP COP OF 2018 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Finbarr Haran of the Oak Lawn Police Department for being named the vil-lage’s Top Cop of 2018. The Oak Lawn Lion’s Club bestows this award on a distinguished member of the force after being nominated by his or her peers and selected by a committee of police department leaders. Officer Haran serves the Oak Lawn commu-nity as one of the city’s K–9 Officers alongside his partner Edo, a Belgian Malinois from the Czech Republic. Together, they have worked extensively with the Drug Enforcement Agency and have brought numerous criminals to jus-tice. Over the years, the expansion of Oak Lawn’s law enforcement agency has brought in the phenomenal men and women who now serve as the city’s first responders. Officer Haran is shining example of the Oak Lawn Police Department and the officers that serve the Village of Oak Lawn. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Oak Lawn Police Officer Finbarr Haran. I con-gratulate him on his accomplishments and thank him for his service. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for votes yesterday, May 21, 2018, due to a delayed flight. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; and YEA on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 207, 208, and 209 on Monday, May 21, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ES-TABLISHMENT OF THE AZER-BAIJAN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Republic of Azerbaijan on the 100th Anniversary of its independence, which occurred on May 28, 1918. On the adoption of its Declaration of Independence, what was then known as the Azerbaijan Democratic Re-public, became the first secular parliamentary democracy in the Muslim world. Since that time, Azerbaijan suffered an inva-sion by the Bolsheviks which led to the estab-lishment of a Soviet government and ended with the forced incorporation of Azerbaijan into the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). As the Soviet Union collapsed, the people of Azerbaijan readied themselves for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.002 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE706 May 22, 2018 
yet another independence movement culmi-nating in the restoration of their independence on August 30, 1991—the United States once again recognized Azerbaijan’s independence on December 25, 1991. Since that Christmas Day over twenty-five years ago, the United States has supported the Republic of Azer-baijan’s political independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity within internationally recognized borders. Mr. Speaker, Azerbaijan has not only been a friend to the United States in our times of need, most notably after September 11, 2001, when Azerbaijan gave us their unconditional assistance in bringing to justice those who carried out that cowardly attack, but also to our dear friend Israel. Azerbaijan and Israel recently celebrated twenty-five years of strong diplomatic relations. A relationship that has seen great growth in trade between the two nations and an ever increasing dedication to strengthening energy security in the region. Mr. Speaker, I extend my sincerest con-gratulations to the people of Azerbaijan as they celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN THEODORE MORAN ON BEING NAMED OAK LAWN’S TOP FIREFIGHTER OF 2018 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Theodore Moran of the Oak Lawn Fire Department for being named the vil-lage’s Top Firefighter of 2018. The Oak Lawn Lion’s Club bestows this award on a distin-guished member of the department after being nominated by his or her peers and selected by a committee of fire department leaders. Captain Moran has distinguished himself on numerous occasions, putting his life on the line for residents of Oak Lawn. In 2014, he was awarded the Fire Department’s Medal of Honor Award and he continues to serve the community with distinction. Captain Moran is a superb example of the Oak Lawn Fire Depart-ment’s motto ‘‘The Desire to Serve—The Courage to Act—The Ability to Perform.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Captain Theodore Moran of the Oak Lawn Fire Department. I congratulate him on his ac-complishments and thank him for his service. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF FATHER THOMAS C. EISWEIRTH 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and honor the retirement of Fa-ther Thomas C. Eisweirth as the pastor of Blessed Sacrament Parish in Warren, Ohio. Fr. Eisweirth was ordained a priest in 1974 by Bishop James Malone. He grew up at St. Mary Parish in Conneaut, Ohio in Ashtabula County. Over the course of his ministry, he has served in five other parishes in the Dio-cese of Youngstown and in other parishes throughout the region including Trumbull, Por-tage, Columbiana, and Mahoning Counties. In 2010, Bishop George Murry S.J. appointed Fr. Eisweirth as pastor of this parish. Now, after forty-four years in active ministry, he is retir-ing. Fr. Eisweirth always gives the most touching sermons. He has a way of connecting deep spiritual principles to our everyday lives. He truly embodies the mission of the parish to be a Blessed Sacrament for the people of War-ren, Howland, and the entire world. He is an excellent priest and a phenomenal pastor. I will miss his immense wisdom, and I will keep him in my prayers. I wish him every blessing as he begins a new journey in retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, due to my mother’s health, I was unable to vote on Roll Call votes 207, 208, and 209. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; and YEA on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
HONORING VICTORIA ‘‘VICKI’’ TOUCHSTONE—REFUGE EM-PLOYEE OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Victoria ‘‘Vicki’’ Touchstone who has been named the 2018 National Wildlife Refuge System Employee of the Year. Vicki Touchstone is a Refuge Planner for the San Diego National Wildlife Complex. The wildlife refuge protects endangered, threat-ened, migratory, and native species in their natural habitats during a growing urbanization of the coast. The refuge is located at the south end of San Diego and is surrounded by the cities of National City, Chula Vista, San Diego, Imperial Beach and Coronado which fall in my congressional district. In her role, she has developed important projects that have assisted and protected the wildlife popu-lations that call the 51st Congressional District their home. In addition, she’s created pro-grams that have provided created greater pub-lic access for the community. She has dedicated 16 years of her career to the San Diego National Wildlife Complex, completing multiple habitat restoration projects, drafted and finalized four major Com-prehensive Corporations Plans for four dif-ferent refuges and expanded public access. I am told that at home she has created an oasis for turtle and tortoises that were rescued from the San Diego Turtle and Tortoise Soci-ety right in her backyard and takes her per-sonal vacations at the annual California Trails and Greenways Conference. Her dedication to protecting wildlife in San Diego is astounding. I would like to recognize Vicki Touchstone for her dedication to protect wildlife in my dis-trict, congratulate her being recognized as the 2018 National Wildlife Refuge System Em-ployee of the Year and for all the work she has done to preserving wildlife in the 51st Dis-trict of California. f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES MARINES AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FAIRFAX, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE INAUGURAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10 Fairfax, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Marines after graduation. These stu-dents have excelled in their academic and ex-tracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school gradua-tion. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Marines: David Kha; Luke Kim; Ismael Shehat; Zachary Torres; Alex Cundith; Jasper Allison; Joshua Adkins; Ian Framstad; Robero Fuentes; Jenish KC. These students will be honored by the Our Community Salutes Fairfax Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Inaugural Military Enlistee Recognition Ceremony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 in Sterling, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I include in the R
ECORD remarks by Benjamin Douglas. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOROURLIVES REMARKS BY BENJAMIN  D
OUGLAS  Mass shootings have been becoming a more and more common part of our society for years now. By the time I became aware of this, many ordinary people had already begun to work toward change. One such per-son was a close friend of mine who took part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.006 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE707 May 22, 2018 
in and introduced me to the Sandy Hook Ride on Washington also known as Team 26. Team 26 is an organization of twenty-six cy-clists and activists who every year, ride to-gether from Newtown, CT, to Washington, DC, in order to honor the twenty-six lives lost in the Newtown School Shooting, raise awareness of gun violence, and the ever- growing need for common sense gun legisla-tion. His participation in this ride and my discovery of it opened my eyes to many things regarding the topic of gun violence. Firstly, it got me thinking about my own town’s vulnerability to this ever growing issue. I had grown up believing that my town was immune to the epidemic of gun violence. But with my new outlook on the conflict, I found that it has become increasingly dif-ficult, almost impossible to still confidently say this. I realized that no town in our coun-try is more or less likely to experience these types of tragedies. Also, I thought about how gun violence and other forms of mass violence had affected my childhood. Seemingly endless lock-down drills, news stories of ‘another shooting,’ and hearing my peers discuss what they would do if they were ever in a scenario such as a school shooting. I knew that no one should need to worry about their safety or think about how they would react in public places during an avoidable tragedy like this. I felt strongly about this and wanted to make a difference. Through watching the men and women who rode their bikes from Newtown, CT, to Wash-ington, DC, stop along the way to hold ral-lies, call people to action, and spread hope wherever they went, I saw ways I too could make a difference. The following year, I rode with Team 26, and I witnessed the rallies at which many of the family members and friends of people who had lost their lives to gun violence spoke about their experience. During our rally in Trenton, we heard members of Mothers Demand Action speak about the loss of their sons and daughters, we learned exactly how it felt to have some-one you love so dearly taken from you for-ever due to a strangers ease of access to a firearm. Here, in Morristown, we met and rode with a mother whose life was turned upside down by a man who discharged a firearm in a mall, seriously hurting her, and killing her fifteen- year-old daughter! Listening to these people speak helped me discover the real reason I was there. I was riding with Team 26 to be a mes-senger. We were listening to these people speak first-hand about when their loved ones were taken by another person with a gun and how it felt and affected their lives. We took these peoples’ experiences and sto-ries to the elected officials in the states we visited and in our nation’s capital to educate them on what is really going on in their country. It is so easy to be unaware of how often shootings occur as most shootings go unre-ported and therefore are quickly forgotten by those not involved. But for the friends and family whose friend, child, or sibling had been taken from them, any of these occur-rences are life changing. We ride to ensure that no life gets forgot-ten. We ride to educate our lawmakers about gun violence beyond the statistics, to show them not only the numbers, but who those numbers represent and the heartbreak and sorrow they live with. We ride to encourage these lawmakers to begin making change. To urge their peers to stand up with them against gun violence. To vote for common sense gun laws such as mandatory background checks, banning as-sault rifles and bump-stocks, and helping to make mental healthcare more accessible and accepted nationwide. Team 26 shares many of its goals with the hundreds of other organizations and groups who are currently battling the nationwide epidemic of gun violence now more than ever. We all must now come together as one group and refuse to be silenced. We must continue to organize these events and never stop making noise until our rep-resentatives get it. Until they understand that gun violence is not a problem that is going to fix itself and that the citizens they represent are relying on them to become part of the solution. In order to convince our representatives that the voice of many is more powerful than ever, we must never give up and become an active part of our society. You can do this in countless numbers of ways. If you are seventeen or older, make sure you are registered to vote. If you are eighteen or older, make sure that you do vote. No matter what your age is, you can get involved and make your voice heard. In fact, you already have by attending this event and hopefully attending more in the future to show that we will never go away. Unfortunately, it is unlikely this will be the end. But we must all make a continuous effort to keep the pressure on and to fight for what is right. Without the power of the people, this conflict will never have a solu-tion. So we must press on, ride on, never give up, and pledge to being the generation that will create the place where this will never happen again. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF H.E. AMBAS-SADOR VASILIOS PHILIPPOU 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to His Excel-lency Ambassador Vasilios Philippou as he ends his tenure as High Commissioner and Consul General of the Republic of Cyprus in New York City. Ambassador Philippou has dedicated his entire adult life to serving his country. As a young man, Ambassador Philippou served in the Cypriot National Guard. He began his ca-reer in at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1991. His postings in foreign service include serving as Consul General in New York; High Commissioner of the Republic of Cyprus to Antigua, Barbuda, St. Lucia, and Trinidad and Tobago; a Counsellor on Economic and Multi-lateral Affairs; and as an Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary to Mexico. Ambassador Philippou has been awarded the International Good Scout Award from the greater New York Councils of Boy Scouts of America and has been honored by the Cyprus Children’s Fund, a nonprofit which provides scholarships to Cypriot students to attend Uni-versity abroad. He is also an Honorary Fellow of the Foreign Policy Association of New York. Throughout his tenure in New York, Ambas-sador Philippou displayed tremendous dedica-tion to improving the U.S.-Cypriot relationship. He has been named the next High Commis-sioner of Cyprus in Ottawa, Canada, and I am confident that in that role, he will build upon his already-impressive record of public serv-ice. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing H.E. Ambassador Philippou’s amazing dedication to public service and his tireless work to strengthen the long friendship between the Republic of Cyprus and the United States of America. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT DAVID QUINN FOR HIS SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY DURING WORLD WAR II 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Marine Corps 1st Sergeant David Quinn of Temple, New Hampshire for his service and sacrifice to our country during World War II. Sgt. Quinn gave his life on November 20, 1943, during the amphibious assault on Tarawa, an island atoll located in the Gilbert Islands. What became known as one of the ‘‘toughest’’ battles in Marine Corps history, the Battle of Tarawa was 76 hours of intense fighting with Japanese defenders, and it claimed the lives of approximately 1,000 Ma-rines and sailors, including Sgt. Quinn at just 24 years old. But the tenacity and unwavering commitment displayed by Sgt. Quinn and his fellow Marines helped lead the Americans to victory in the battle two days later. For decades, Sgt. Quinn’s family believed his body had been lost at sea, never to be re-covered and given a proper burial. That all changed when his nephew Paul Quinn was contacted by military scientists, who said they had positively identified Sgt. Quinn’s remains. Last month, nearly 75 years after his death, Sgt. Quinn finally came home to New Hamp-shire and received a funeral with full military honors, bringing much needed closure and peace to the Quinn family. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District, I express my deepest grati-tude to Sgt. Quinn for his service and for mak-ing the ultimate sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we hold so dear. I thank his family for seeing him through until the end and for keeping his memory alive, and I share their re-lief over his return home. I will continue work-ing to ensure our brave veterans receive the respect, dignity and services they deserve. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SADETE MUJOVIC 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the remark-able achievements of Sadete Mujovic, an edu-cator who is making a difference in the lives of her students and a leader in the Muslim American community who is developing won-derful after-school programs to encourage chil-dren to reach their full potential. I am delighted to recognize her remarkable contributions at a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.011 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE708 May 22, 2018 
slightly belated event along with Assemblywoman Aravella Simotas. Sadete ex-emplifies the originality and creativity needed to be a great teacher. Sadete currently works at the Legacy High School, a state-sponsored charter school for children with learning disabilities on Roosevelt Island. Sadete is an IEP coordinator and English teacher with over 13 years of experi-ence in education, including six years as Edu-cation Director at the Muslim American Soci-ety Ibn Sina Community Center. Sadete be-lieves that every child deserves a safe edu-cational environment in which to learn and grow and recognizes that each child has something unique and special to offer to the world. Sadete has worked on projects to help im-prove schools, such as school change projects, restructuring school growth and goal setting. Her efforts as an educator and admin-istrator have led to the development of school- wide teacher development and the creation of programs to enhance classroom instruction. A dedicated educator who constantly strives to improve her ability to communicate with stu-dents and colleagues, Sadete takes every op-portunity to learn new techniques and new ways to encourage her students to succeed. Sadete has completed many credential pro-grams to supplement her skills, including the FDC for Leaders credential program where she learned to empower the work place, en-courage cultural competence and promote su-pervision with skill and heart. Sadete devotes much of her time to the MAS Ibn Sina Center where she directs an after-school program that offers homework help and tutoring for up to 300 children, over-sees women’s fitness and wellness classes, conducts arts programs for adults and young people and teaches ESL classes. Sadete has demonstrated strong leadership skills, over-seeing the budget, recruiting, hiring, training and managing staff, spearheading marketing and awareness programs, fundraising and mentoring young people. Committed to sup-porting the students, parents and staff of the MAS-Ibn Sina Center, Sadete works to help them reach their full potential academically, socially and physically. Through education, Sadete touches the lives of thousands of young people, helping in-still confidence and a love of learning. We are truly fortunate to have someone as committed, enthusiastic and resourceful as Sadete, help-ing to make our community a wonderful place to live. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the dedication and hard work of Sadete Mujovic, an educator whose passion and skill is reflected in the achievements of her students. 
f 
SALUTING TIM AND SUZANNE OLSON FOR THEIR DEDICATION TO OUR NATION’S VETERANS 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to recognize Tim and Suzanne Olson for their leadership in the Space Coast Honor Flight program serving Florida’s Brevard and Indian River County veterans. A United States Navy veteran, Tim Olson began his service to Honor Flight in 2010 while working his full-time job in Maryland. As a ‘‘Green Shirt’’ volunteer at the Baltimore- Washington International Airport, he helped welcome veterans from around the United States as they made their way to Washington, D.C. Based on his rewarding experiences, Tim encouraged his wife Suzanne to volunteer with the newly formed Honor Flight program in Mel-bourne, FL in late 2010. Since that time, Tim and Suzanne have been an integral part of Space Coast Honor Flight. Working with a small group of volunteers, they helped build a board of directors to lead a team of over 300 volunteers that have made 49 trips to our na-tion’s capital, allowing 1,250 World War II, Ko-rean War, and Vietnam War veterans the op-portunity to visit their memorials. For the last eight years Tim has served as the Space Coast Honor Flight Operations Di-rector responsible for the planning, coordina-tion, and execution of the trips to Washington, D.C. Suzanne served as Secretary/Treasurer, Guardian Coordinator, Mail Call Coordinator, and currently as Programs Director respon-sible for planning and coordinating all events in Melbourne, Florida. One of the greatest privileges Katie and I have is greeting our veterans as they depart on their honor flight to our nation’s capital to visit their memorials, or greeting them in Washington, D.C., as they arrive on the Na-tional Mall. Their courage, and that of veterans since, has helped change the course of history and has protected America and the freedoms we hold dear. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in salut-ing the passion, dedication, and commitment of Tim and Suzanne Olson. Their service hon-ors our veterans and has been vital to the success of the Space Coast Honor Flight mis-sion. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF DIANA MUCCIO 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the retirement of Mrs. Diana Muccio as a teacher at John F. Kennedy Catholic School Lower Campus in Warren, Ohio. Mrs. Muccio was born and raised in Warren, Ohio. She attended St. Mary School, grades K–8, later graduating from John F. Kennedy. She continued her education at Youngstown State University, earning a Bachelor’s of Science in Elementary Education and Master’s of Science in Early Childhood Education. Addi-tionally, she completed post graduate work at Walsh University. Mrs. Muccio has been an educator for 43 years, devoting her career to advancing Catholic education. She has taught at many Catholic schools including Mount Car-mel, St. James, St. Plus, and John F. Ken-nedy Catholic School Lower Campus. Her dedication to teaching has not gone unnoticed. She was awarded the Golden Apple Award which is given to exceptional Diocesan admin-istrators and educators, a two-time recipient of the Tribune A+ Award, and the WFMJ Dunkin Donut Class Act Award. Mrs. Muccio has left a lasting impression on my life. I will forever remember how Mrs. Muccio made learning fun. One of my favorite memories was when the weather broke in the spring, she would take us outside to sing and drink lemonade. She had a way of making every student feel special. She has lived a life of service to her family, her students and her church. Congratulations on your retirement Mrs. Muccio. May God Bless you and your family for many years to come. f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FAIR-FAX, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE INAUGURAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 7 Fairfax, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Army after graduation. These students have excelled in their academic and extra-curricular activities, and I offer my sincere con-gratulations upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Army: Jacob Ziemann; Kage Smith; Brian Letchworth; Nathaniel Brown; Izik Austin; Jamalia Richards; Eric Kim. These students will be honored by the Fair-fax Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Inaugural Military Enlistee Recognition Cere-mony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I was unex-pectedly detained from votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; and YEA on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARCY SYMS 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the extraor-dinary contributions of Marcy Syms, a strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.014 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE709 May 22, 2018 
businesswoman, a philanthropist and an activ-ist who has worked tirelessly to open doors for women. Ms. Syms is receiving the Carolyn Maloney Leadership Award tonight from our great Assemblywoman Rebecca Seawright. Not only is Ms. Syms a corporate leader, but she has generously given of her time, experi-ence and resources to leveling the playing field and helping other women find success. President and founder of the Sy Syms Foundation and former CEO of the Syms Cor-poration, Ms. Syms has played key roles in both private and non-profit companies. She was one of the youngest women ever named President of a publicly-traded New York Stock Exchange company. At a time when many entrepreneurs were grooming their sons for leadership but over-looking their daughters, Ms. Syms was fortu-nate enough to have a father who gave her opportunities and encouraged her to learn the business. Ms. Syms started working at Strauss Communications WMCA and Channel 13 before joining Syms Corporation. She joined Syms Corporation in 1978 when the company expanded into women’s clothing. At first, she was invited to be the voice of the company in a radio commercial, but then used her marketing skills to create a media plan for the company. She realized quickly that she loved the business and that she wanted to spend her career working for the company her father had created. Benefitting from the trust and support of her father, she took increas-ingly prominent roles in the company and eventually became its CEO. Ms. Syms also has served as the Chair of the Small Business and Agricultural Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Ms. Syms has served as a director of Rite Aid Corporation. Throughout her career, Ms. Syms has been dedicated to helping open doors for other women. She has been a leader in speaking out for women’s rights and encouraging the passage of an equal rights amendment to the US constitution, a cause that is very dear to my own heart. Ms. Syms has been a member of New York Women’s Foundation, whose grants to under-served women and girls are helping to ad-dress longstanding inequities. She has been a generous supporter of Ms. Foundation and was an early chair of its Take Our Daughters to Work Day. She has supported the Women’s Campaign Fund and the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund (now known as Legal Mo-mentum). She was a founding member of the Womensphere Global Network, an organiza-tion dedicated to closing gender gaps, and in empowering women and girls to create the fu-ture through leadership, innovation, sustain-ability, entrepreneurship, education. She is a member of C200, a networking organization for women in business that encourages mem-bers to support one another’s professional and personal growth while inspiring and advancing future women business leaders. She has been a board member of both Veteran Feminists of America and the ERA Coalition. In all of these activities, Ms. Syms has played a critical role in helping women network and breech barriers that stood in the way of their success. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the extraordinary achievements of Marcy Syms, a dynamic and hardworking leader who has made a difference throughout her career. THE USO SUPPORTS OUR TROOPS AND VETERANS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, as American soldiers risk their lives in the Global War on Terrorism to protect American families, the United Service Organization (USO) is more important than ever. I am grateful to participate in the USO Care Pack-age Day on the Hill today led by CEO and President J.D. Crouch, II, along with Senior Vice President Virginia H. Johnson. The USO has always been at the forefront of entertaining and caring for our brave troops and their families. As a 31-year veteran of the Army Reserve and National Guard as well as a father of four sons who have served in the Armed Forces overseas, as well as a member of the Congressional USO Caucus, I am espe-cially grateful for the USO. Today, with the help of 30,000 volunteers, the USO provides approximately 1.5 million hours of community service each year. I am especially grateful for USO South Carolina, led ably by Director Joanie Thresher. There are USO locations in the Second Con-gressional District at the Columbia Metropoli-tan Airport and Fort Jackson with extraor-dinary welcoming volunteers. I also thank longtime friend Jed Becker as President of the USO National Board of Governors. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF PASTOR I.J. JOHNSON 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Pastor Isiah J. Johnson; senior pastor and founder of St. Mark Mis-sionary Baptist Church, who, through his min-istry, brought hundreds to Christ, was one of the longest tenured Pastors in the United States, and served as a valued member of the Toledo community. Pastor Johnson was born to Mary and Levi Johnson in Troy, Alabama. He was one of eleven siblings. He was a graduate of Acad-emy High School in Troy and Easonian Baptist Seminary in Birmingham. His call to ministry came to him from youth experiences at church where his father was a deacon and he looked forward to Sunday services, especially listening to the preacher at his family’s church. His family tells us that at the age of only 12, he felt the spirit had called him while playing church with some friends. After that moment, he would preach ‘‘to the corn stalks and any siblings who listened to him.’’ After being ordained at the age of 19, he served as a pastor of four churches in Ala-bama before settling in Toledo and founding St. Mark’s in 1955. Pastor Johnson met the love of his life, Betty Rae Johnson in Toledo and they were married on August 26, 1958. Pastor Johnson served the Toledo commu-nity for many years on various committees and boards. He is the past Chairman of the Civic Committee (Pastor’s Conference—To-ledo), President of the Baptist Ministerial Alli-ance, TARTA Board member, founder of the Fairside Community Center, Mental Health Board of Toledo member, and a member of the Evangelist Board of the National Baptist Convention. Pastor Johnson was recognized by Mayor Ford of Tuskegee, Alabama on July 20, 1994, who sponsored a resolution that instituted July 20th as Rev. I.J. Johnson Day in Tuskegee. He was further recognized by the Mayor and City Council of Toledo on June 3, 2008 where Detroit Avenue from Fernwood Avenue to Dorr Street was dedicated as Rev. I.J. Johnson Way. He is survived by his wife of 48 years; daughters Annie Wright, Denisee Gaston and Angela Taylor; sons, Jim, Eric, Izear, the Rev. Michael, and the Rev. Curley Johnson; broth-er, Alonzo Johnson; 28 grandchildren and 39 great-grandchildren. He was preceded in death by daughters Mary Stokes and Darlene Baker. Pastor Johnson will be remembered admi-rably by the many people he ministered to, his fellow church and community members, and his family and friends. We offer them our pray-ers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of what Pastor Johnson had meant to each of the people who shared in his life. Mentor and friend to many, his char-ismatic leadership will be cherished. f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FAIRFAX, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE INAUGURAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 4 Fairfax, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Air Force after graduation. These stu-dents have excelled in their academic and ex-tracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school gradua-tion. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Air Force: Moon Kyung Cho; Jannela Lopez De Guzman; Gabriel Nicole White; Reynaldo Campos. These students will be honored by the Fair-fax Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Inaugural Military Enlistee Recognition Cere-mony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.019 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE710 May 22, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARIE TORNIALI 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I am pleased to honor Marie Torniali, Chairperson of Queens Community Board 1 and a longtime activist in the Astoria/Long Is-land City community. I am delighted to recog-nize her remarkable contributions at a slightly belated event along with Assemblywoman Aravella Simotas. Marie has spent her life working to make our community a better place to live and work. Marie moved to Astoria in 1979, and fell in love with the neighborhood, a beautiful, wel-coming, diverse community with wonderful parks, great organizations and world class res-taurants. In 1986, Marie had a life-changing interview with Julie Wager, who was then head of the Central Astoria Local Develop-ment Corporation. She was interviewed for what was supposed to be a part time, tem-porary position. Thirty years later, she runs the place. Marie was fortunate to be mentored by Mr. Wager, who was a remarkable advocate for the community. He taught her that all things are possible with a little persistence and a lot of nudging. Early in her time at Central Astoria, Marie was part of the team that fought to create a business improvement district on Steinway Street, Astoria’s central business strip. When the Steinway Street BID came into being in 1991, Marie became its Manager. In 2003, Marie was appointed the Executive Director of Central Astoria and the Steinway Astoria Partnership. In these positions, Marie has shown herself to be an outstanding orga-nizer who has succeeded in providing more cultural programming and community develop-ment and who has fought to preserve afford-able housing. She has also worked to expand the Independence Day celebration which has become a premier event in Queens under her leadership. She has worked to produce Mov-ies on the Waterfront to complement the Wa-terfront Concert Series, the Dine Astoria Placemaking Initiative, Astoria’s Holiday Tree Lighting, the Celebrate Astoria Cultural Fest and the Annual Spring Fling. Marie spear-headed the effort to restore the Steinway Landmarked Clock. She has created graffiti re-moval programs in Astoria’s business districts and the Steinway Street Streetscape program. In addition, in order to assist seniors, she cre-ated the Senior One Stop Shop assistance program. In 2010, Marie joined Queens Community Board 1 and was elected its Chairperson in 2017. Through the community board, Marie has had an impact on issues related to land use, street fairs, liquor licenses, landmark preservation and a host of other issues. Marie is passionate about Astoria’s unique-ness: its kaleidoscope of people; its small businesses and restaurants; its beautiful parks; its history and culture. Marie believes that her work to help Astoria thrive is made easier by the team spirit of her neighbors. Their civic-mindedness encourages residents, business leaders, civic organizations and elected officials to work together—and Marie is convinced they have succeeded in making Astoria into the best neighborhood in New York City. I admire Marie’s dedication, her passion, her delight in all the things that make Astoria a great place to live and work. She is one of the great sources of strength of the Astoria community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the achievements of Marie Torniali, whose hard work, enthusiasm and true love for Astoria have helped this neigh-borhood flourish. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, due to travel com-plications, I was absent for the votes that oc-curred on May 21, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 207; Yea on Roll Call No. 208; and Yea on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF MRS. SNEHA MINISANDRAM PHAM TO THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS AND CALIFORNIA’S 11TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional woman who spent almost two years in our office contributing greatly to our efforts on behalf of California’s Eleventh Congressional District, Sneha Minisandram Pham. Sneha regularly welcomed visitors to our Washington, D.C. office and was a model ex-ample of providing excellent customer service. Through her work, she assisted thousands of constituents with tour and flag requests, helped streamline and manage the high vol-ume of mail we receive, and was integral in helping to ensure that our office put constitu-ents first. Sneha’s work is one of the reasons that our office was selected as a finalist for the Con-gressional Management Foundation’s Democ-racy Award in Constituent Service, which I am very proud of. She is a smart, resourceful, and charismatic person who brings a positive attitude and de-meanor to all who have the pleasure of inter-acting with her. Sneha’s departure from our office is bitter-sweet as she and her husband continue their journey together in Boston. I offer her my sin-cere gratitude for a job well done and wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors. She will be greatly missed. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, May 21, 2018, I was unable to vote due to a delayed flight. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call no. 207, YEA; on roll call no. 208, YEA; and on roll call no. 209, YEA. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SISTER TESA FITZGERALD 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the extraor-dinary achievements of Sister Tesa Fitzgerald, the powerhouse behind Hour Children, an ex-ceptional organization that helps incarcerated women and their children in New York State. I am delighted to recognize her remarkable contributions at a slightly belated event along with Assemblywoman Aravella Simotas. Sister Tesa is one of New York’s most inspiring, dedicated and compassionate leaders. After joining the Sisters of St. Joseph, Sister Tesa taught in a number of local Catholic ele-mentary schools before becoming the principal of Saint Vincent DePaul School in Brooklyn. She was then appointed Curriculum Coordi-nator for the Diocese of Brooklyn. In 1986, at the request of Sister Elaine Roulet, Sister Tesa opened the doors of St. Rita’s Convent in Long Island City to children whose mothers were incarcerated at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility. The convent was re-named ‘‘My Mother’s House’’ and Sister Tesa and four other Sisters of St. Joseph in resi-dence welcomed 8 children whose mothers were in jail. The children attended school, took dancing lessons, played on sports teams and, in the evening, had the sisters to help them with their homework. Each week, Sister Tesa would bring the children to the prison to visit with their mothers. There, she learned of the struggles of incarcerated women. She started volunteering to help the women—tutoring them, helping them prepare for release, help-ing them find their children and assisting in family reunification. These efforts grew into Hour Children, a Long Island City-based 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation. Today, Hour Children provides. transitional and permanent supportive housing to approxi-mately 70 families at seven sites located throughout Queens. In addition, Hour Children offers a job training/reentry program; case management; therapeutic counseling; men-toring programs for children and adults; a fully- licensed day care center; an after-school pro-gram; and a community food pantry. Hour Children also works inside Riker’s Is-land, Bedford Hills and Taconic Correctional Facilities to provide parenting classes, pre-re-lease preparation, advocacy services, trans-portation and family visitation programs. At Bedford Hills Correctional Facility, Hour Chil-dren administers New York State’s only nurs-ery for infants born to incarcerated women, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.023 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE711 May 22, 2018 
where mothers and infants can be together for the first year of life. Sister Tesa believes that her programs work because of two core philosophies: ‘‘Change takes time’’ and ‘‘Love makes the difference.’’ Her work on behalf of vulnerable women and children has been widely recognized. In 2015, Pope Francis bestowed on her the Pro Ecclesiae et Pontifice medal in recognition of her years of service to the church in the Brooklyn Diocese. In 2014 the Opus Founda-tion awarded her $1 million in recognition of her faith-based humanitarian efforts. She was named a White House Champion of Change in 2013 and a CNN Hero in 2012. In 2004, she was named one of the 100 Outstanding Women of New York by the Daily News and in 1997, Irish America Magazine named her one of the Top 100 Irish Americans. Her work on behalf of the most vulnerable should put her on the top of anyone’s list. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the outstanding accomplish-ments of Sister Tesa Fitzgerald whose vision, empathy and caring have improved the lives of some of our nation’s most vulnerable women and children. COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FAIR-FAX, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE INAUGURAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 35 Fairfax, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Navy after graduation. These students have excelled in their academic and extra-curricular activities, and I offer my sincere con-gratulations upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Navy: Alexandra Villagomez; Rosanna Curiel; Cas-sidy Blefko; Carlos Castillo; William Labrecque; Ricardo Melendez; Elliot Gamby; Ryan Garnier; Hannah Hong; Cameron Woods; Myiam Anderson; Hyunsoo Hung; Omar Hedgespeth; Daniel Delabarra; Millad Zahedi; Carl Christensen; Edward Beaudoin; Tyger Leiva; Gad Baron; Jack Havens; Bryan Dann; Kevin Anderson; Michael Barnhouse; Marshall Wacker; Kenneth Abankwa; Yawo Afodagni; Marvin Castelo; Mukunda Adhikari; Dane Dailey; Dylan Griffin; Justice McManis; David Koroma; Karl Yao; Ryan Dixon; William Sherard. These students will be honored by the Fair-fax Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Inaugural Military Enlistee Recognition Cere-mony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 in Sterling, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.027 E22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
D567 Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2801–S2841 Measures Introduced: Thirty-six bills and one reso-lution were introduced, as follows: S. 2891–2926, and S. Res. 519.
                                                 Pages S2834–36 
Measures Reported: S. 1337, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic energy infrastructure projects eligible for certain loan guarantees, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–254) S. 1563, to authorize the Office of Fossil Energy to develop advanced separation technologies for the extraction and recovery of rare earth elements and minerals from coal and coal byproducts. (S. Rept. No. 115–255) S. 2200, to reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–256) S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the na-tional security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. S. 2800, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related resources, to author-ize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S.J. Res. 58, to require certifications regarding ac-tions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute.
                  Page S2834 
Measures Passed: Trauma-Informed Care: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 346, recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma-informed care, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S2838–39 Authorizing Representation by Senate Legal Counsel: Senate agreed to S. Res. 519, to authorize testimony and representation in Colorado v. Willenberg.
                                                                      Page S2839 
House Messages: Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act— Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the amendment of the House to S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in National Parks, tak-ing action on the following motions and amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S2815–27 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                              Page S2815 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2246 (to the House Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S2815 
McConnell Amendment No. 2247 (to Amend-ment No. 2246), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S2815 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 91 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. 104), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S2815 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2248, to change the enactment date, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S2815 
McConnell Amendment No. 2249 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 2248), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2248 (listed above) fell.
    Page S2815 
McConnell Amendment No. 2250 (to Amend-ment No. 2249), of a perfecting nature, fell when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD568 May 22, 2018 
McConnell Amendment No. 2249 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2248) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S2816 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at approxi-mately 11 a.m., on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, Sen-ate begin consideration of the nomination of Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, as under the order of Thursday, May 17, 2018, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at 3:15 p.m.; that following disposition of the nomination, all post-cloture time on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill be con-sidered expired; and that following disposition of the McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, Senate vote on the motions to invoke cloture in relation to the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson, and to be Member of the Board of Directors of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation in the order filed, and that if cloture is invoked, the post-cloture time run concurrently.
                                                       Page S2838 
Small Business 7(A) Lending Oversight Reform Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that action with respect to H.R. 4743, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, be viti-ated and Senate agree to the House request to return the papers on the bill, and authorize the Secretary of the Senate to return the papers on the bill to the House of Representatives.
                                     Page S2838 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 50 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 103), Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2017. 
                                                                      Pages S2802–15, S2841 
Cheryl A. Lydon, of South Carolina, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years. Sonya K. Chavez, of New Mexico, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years. Scott E. Kracl, of Nebraska, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years. J.C. Raffety, of West Virginia, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of West Virginia for the term of four years.
      Pages S2841–2827 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2833 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S2833–34 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2834 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2836–37 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2837 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2828–33 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2837–38 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3838 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—104)
                                                                Page S2815 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:29 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Wednesday, May 23, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2839.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Treasury, after receiving testimony from Ste-ven T. Mnuchin, Secretary, and David Kautter, Act-ing Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, both of the Department of the Treasury. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AND FDA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill making ap-propriations for the Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development approved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Energy, Water Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Aug 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\MAY\D22MY8.REC D22MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D569 May 22, 2018 
AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness and Management Support met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2019. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel met in open session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2019. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign in-vestment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2848, to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and alcohol testing, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2842, to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2844, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transpor-tation; S. 2764, to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act to im-prove the conservation of sharks; S. 2418, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to promulgate regulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Flor-ida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Direc-tors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 2800, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related resources, to author-ize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permit-ting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipe-lines, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. 2734, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; S. 2377, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Fed-eral Building and United States Courthouse’’; 3 General Services Administration resolutions; and The nomination of John L. Ryder, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD570 May 22, 2018 
S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitu-tional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps to-wards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and associa-tion, with amendments; S.J. Res. 58, to require certifications regarding ac-tions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, with an amend-ment; The Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Pub-lished Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Mar-rakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06); and The nomination of Joseph E. Macmanus, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Colom-bia, Department of State. THE HEALTHCARE WORKFORCE Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the healthcare workforce, focusing on addressing short-ages and improving care, after receiving testimony from Kristen H. Goodell, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts; Julie Tanner Sanford, James Madison University School of Nurs-ing, Harrisonburg, Virginia; and Elizabeth A. Phelan, Northwest Geriatrics Workforce Enhance-ment Center, Seattle, Washington. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Center. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5903–5923; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 907, 909 were introduced.
                 Pages H4582–83 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4584 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5682, to provide for programs to help re-duce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon re-lease from prison, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–699); H.R. 4689, to authorize early repayment of obli-gations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska (H. Rept. 115–700); H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (H. Rept. 115–701); and H. Res. 908, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from May 25, 2018, through June 4, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–702).                                                                                             Page H4582 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Curtis to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4287 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:32 a.m. and re-convened at 11 a.m.
                                                 Page H4291 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Mark Goeglein, Harrisonville Community Church, Harrisonville, Missouri. 
                                                                                            Page H4291 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 179 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 212.
                                                             Pages H4291, H4301–02 
Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act: The House passed S. 204, to authorize the use of un-approved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, by a recorded vote of 250 ayes to 169 noes, Roll No. 214.
                                                                          Pages H4355–66 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D571 May 22, 2018 
Rejected the Schakowsky motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 187 yeas to 231 nays, Roll No. 213. 
                                                                                    Pages H4363–65 
H. Res. 905, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5515), (S. 204), and (S. 2155) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 211, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 210. Pursuant to sec. 7 of H. Res. 905, notwithstanding clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the ques-tion of passage of H.R. 2 may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Friday, June 22, 2018.
                                                                 Pages H4292–H4301 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby: H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby;
                                                                     Pages H4319–20 
Formerly Incarcerated Reenter Society Trans-formed Safely Transitioning Every Person Act: H.R. 5682, amended, to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 360 yeas to 59 nays, Roll No. 215; and 
                                                                Pages H4302–19, H4366–67 
Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Ac-cess, and Research Act: S. 292, to maximize dis-covery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments. 
                                                                                    Pages H4349–55 
Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Con-sumer Protection Act: The House passed S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, by a yea-and-nay vote of 258 yeas to 159 nays, Roll No. 216.
                                                             Pages H4320–49, H4367 
H. Res. 905, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5515), (S. 204), and (S. 2155) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 211, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 210. Pursuant to sec. 7 of H. Res. 905, notwithstanding clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the ques-tion of passage of H.R. 2 may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Friday, June 22, 2018.                                                                 Pages H4292–H4301 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019: The House considered H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Consideration is ex-pected to resume tomorrow, May 23rd. 
                                                         Pages H4367–H4562, H4562–80 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–70 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill.
       Page H4378 
Agreed to: Thornberry amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that states that the Secretary of De-fense shall establish an innovators database within the Department of Defense; the database will focus on small business innovators that receive funds under the SBIR/SBTR programs;
                           Pages H4556–57 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Russell (No. 6) that expands expedited hiring authority for college graduates government- wide to fill critical-need jobs; Pearce (No. 7) that amends the Development Test & Evaluation strategic plan to expand the period taken into account when assessing DoD Test and Evaluation resources from a 10-year period to a 30-year period; it also expands the report requirements, specifically, the assessment of facility and resources requirements to analyze test and evaluations needs in Missile Defense, Cyberspace Operations, Direct Energy, and Hypersonics; Lan-gevin (No. 8) that increases funding by $3 million to be used for divertor test tokamak research and de-velopment; Sinema (No. 9) that states that the sense of the Congress that government-owned mobile tech-nologies remain at risk for targeting or data breaches placing at risk information that could harm national security; requests a briefing by DOD on threats posed by credential theft, active surveillance from mics and cameras, and tracking of user movements and location; commercial availability of technologies to mitigate these threats; and strategies and feasi-bility of eploying mobile security technologies with-in the Department; Wilson (SC) (No. 10) that di-rects the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on developing a plan to site, construct, and operate at least one licensed micro-reactor at a critical national security facility by 2028; Krishnamoorthi (No. 11) that expands the Additive Manufacturing Centers of Excellence program to include On-the-job training; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD572 May 22, 2018 
Cartwright (No. 12) that requires the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the military service sec-retaries and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff services to provide the percentage, as well as the dol-lar value and number of direct labor hours of depot maintenance that was performed in the public and the private sector by major commodity over the past five fiscal years; Ruiz (No. 13) that requires Depart-ment of Defense to conduct a study on the feasibility of phasing out the use of burn pits by using tech-nology incinerators; Meng (No. 14) that permits any member of the armed services who gives birth to be exempt from deployment for 12 months after such birth unless they request deployment; current bill text only covers members who give birth while on active duty; Napolitano (No. 15) that requires the Secretary of Defense to evaluate the pilot Jobs Chal-leNGe Programs and submit a report of findings and recommendations 120 days after the end of the fiscal year; Napolitano (No. 16) that ensures equipment and facilities of the United States, a state, a county or a local government may also be transferred to the National Guard for purpose of carrying out the Na-tional Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program; Pascrell (No. 17) that directs the Secretary of Defense to in-clude blast exposure history as part of soldier service records in order to ensure that, if medical issues arise later, soldiers receive care for any service-connect in-juries; Gonzalez (No. 18) that requires the Secretary of the Army, Air Force, and Navy to encourage high schools with U.S. Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps to include cyber security educational programs and awareness in the curriculum; this includes les-sons on cyber defense, risks of cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the military, and pursuing studies and careers in cybersecurity and related fields within defense; Heck (No. 19) that requires the Department of Defense to publish certain information regarding the housing market around major infrastructure to better inform servicemembers on the use of their Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH); it also calls for a Government Accountability Report on the data gathering used to set BAH rates; Welch (No. 20) that authorizes the Beyond the Yellow Ribbon pro-gram, which assists National Guard and Reservists families with assistance before, during, and after de-ployment, including outreach services for employ-ment and financial counseling, suicide prevention, and housing advocacy; Soto (No. 21) that directs the Secretary concerned to make the application for transfer, including determinations and actions re-garding the application, confidential for students of military academies who are victims of sexual assault; and Esty (No. 22) that requires the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to establish a joint definition of ‘‘military sexual trau-ma’’ for use in all aspects of delivering relevant care and benefits to service members and veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H4562–66 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Soto (No. 23) that requires the inclusion of resources available to treat victims of military sex-ual trauma as part of the required service member preseparation counseling; Meng (No. 24) that re-quires the Secretary of Defense to permit military parents flexible (non-continuous) maternity and pa-rental leave; Pocan (No. 25) that requires the Na-tional Guard Bureau to re-examine the contract and wage determinations for a contractor it utilizes for Guard support services, and to report its findings back to Congress; Schrader (No. 26) that exempts members of the Armed Forces who voluntarily sepa-rated from active duty, are involuntarily recalled, and incur a 100 percent service-connected disability during that time from the requirement to repay vol-untary separation pay; Pearce (No. 27) that creates a streamlined process for wounded warriors to cross train into the emerging field of Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA), regardless of their AFSC, MOS or military branch as a pilot or sensor operator in the Air Force; Rodney Davis (IL) (No. 28) that directs the Secretary of Defense to revise the Department of Defense Instruction 1300.18 to extend travel privi-leges via Invitational Travel Authorization to family members of members of the Armed Forces who die outside of the United States and whose remains are returned to the United States through the mortuary facility at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware; DelBene (No. 29) that removes the 25 percent cap on gar-nishment of military retirement pay to satisfy a judgement rendered for physically, sexually, or emo-tionally abusing a child; Jones (No. 30) that if the Secretary of Defense determines that appropriate educational programs are not available through a local educational agency for dependents of retirees residing on a military installation in the United States, the Secretary may enter into arrangements to provide for the elementary or secondary education of the dependents of such retirees; Hudson (No. 31) that requires a report from the SECDEF examining the current process for awarding Imminent Danger Pay and Hostile Fire Pay for members of the Armed Forces; Coffman (No. 32) that expresses the sense of Congress stating that under the special survivor in-demnity allowance, surviving spouses and dependent children of members who die of a service-connected cause will not be subject to a full offset of survivor benefit plan payments by dependency and indemnity compensation, commonly referred to as the ‘‘widows’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D573 May 22, 2018 
tax’’; Donovan (No. 33) that requires the Depart-ment of Defense to re-evaluate the disparity in pay-ments between the Military Housing Area for Staten Island, and the Military Housing Area for the rest of New York City, in an effort to resolve this in-equity; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 34) that provides compensation and credit for retired pay purposes for maternity leave taken by members of the reserve components; Rouzer (No. 35) that allows terminally ill participants in the Survivor Benefit Plan to elect a new beneficiary as opposed to waiting for an Open Season; Graves (LA) (No. 36) that re-quires a report regarding the management of mili-tary commissaries and exchanges; Soto (No. 37) that adds universities to the list of entities authorized to partner with the Department of Defense’s pilot pro-gram on treatment of members of the armed forces for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) related to military sexual trauma; and Carson (IN) (No. 38) that makes permanent the Department of Defense’s existing requirement to provide mental health assess-ments to service members during deployment; 
                                                                                    Pages H4566–68 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Kuster (NH) (No. 39) that requires health providers to provide transitioning service members information and referrals for counseling and treat-ment of substance use disorders and chronic pain management services, when appropriate; Meng (No. 40) that permits the Secretary of Defense to develop a burn patient transfer system which includes mili-tary and civilian burn centers that could be used during mass casualty events; Gonza´lez-Colo´n (No. 41) that requires the Department of Defense to study and report on how the TriCare program for health care for active military and retired-veteran family members is applied in Puerto Rico, and the feasibility of having the TriCare Prime benefit apply to residents therein on the same basis as for residents in the mainland states; indicates subjects the study should include; Vela´zquez (No. 42) that requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a study of the immediate, long-term, and potential ongoing health effects of the live-fire train-ing at Vieques Naval Training Range conducted by the Navy before 2002 and other activities of the armed forces on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico; Smucker (No. 43) that requires the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees (HASC and SASC) that describes the shortage of mental health providers of the Depart-ment of Defense and contains a strategy to better re-cruit and retain mental health providers; Jones (No. 44) that creates a study on earning by special oper-ations, and forces medics of credits towards a physi-cian assistant degree; Krishnamoorthi (No. 45) that requires DoD to study the effects of the anesthetic shortage on military healthcare and propose methods for mitigating any harm arising as a result of this shortage; Kuster (NH) (No. 46) that requires the Secretary of Defense to provide the Department of Veterans Affairs a report detailing ‘‘lessons learned’’ in fielding and resolving issues found during IOT&E of MHS Genesis; Krishnamoorthi (No. 47) that re-quires DoD to report on the steps taken to prevent and treat opioid use among DoD dependents, includ-ing counseling, data sharing, and intervention strate-gies; Smucker (No. 48) that requires that the Sec-retary of Defense must submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House and Senate a report on the Department of Defense’s efforts to review and monitor the medication prescribing practices of its providers based on DOD’s guideline recommenda-tions to treat PTSD; DOD must establish a moni-toring program carried out by each branch of the Armed Services to conduct periodic reviews of the medication prescribing practices of its own providers; Banks (IN) (No. 49) that directs the Secretary of De-fense to submit a plan to Congress prior to reorga-nizing, restructuring, or eliminating any position or offices in Section 811; Mitchell (No. 50) that re-quires a review of regulations relating to the acquisi-tion of commercial products and services, promotes the use of interagency acquisitions, and improves the process for acquiring services based on hourly rates when using multiple award contracts; Graves (LA) (No. 51) that exempts an individual acquisition for commercial leasing services from enhanced competi-tion requirements for the purchase of property and services by executive agencies if such individual ac-quisition is made on a no cost basis and pursuant to a multiple award contract in accordance with re-quirements for full and open competition; the Gov-ernment Accountability Office must conduct bien-nial audits of the GSA National Broker Contract, conduct a review of the application of enhanced competition requirements, and report on such audits and reviews; Adams (No. 52) that directs the Small Business Administration (SBA) to ensure that the SCORE program and each of its chapters develop and implement plans and goals to provide services more effectively and efficiently to individuals in rural areas, economically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved communities, in-cluding plans for electronic initiatives, web-based initiatives, chapter expansion, partnerships, and the development of new skills by participating volun-teers; Espaillat (No. 53) that establishes that Pro-curement Technical Assistance Centers are authorized to form an association to pursue matters of common 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD574 May 22, 2018 
concern that is recognized by the Secretary of De-fense; and Connolly (No. 54) that directs the Ad-ministrator for Federal Procurement Policy to de-velop a definition for and track procurement admin-istrative lead time (PALT);
                           Pages H4568–72 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Conaway (No. 55), as modified, that makes a technical correction that clarifies language to accurately include business systems, which are in-tegral to the department’s auditability efforts; Bur-gess (No. 57) that requires a report ranking all mili-tary departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable finan-cial statements as required by law; Ruiz (No. 58) that requires Department of Defense to carry out an annual education campaign to inform servicemembers exposed to burn pits who qualify to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pits Registry of such eligibility; Esty (No. 59) that ex-presses the sense of Congress that the Federal Avia-tion Administration and the Department of Defense should coordinate to prevent the unauthorized flight of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Ceme-tery; Young (AK) (No. 60) that directs the SECDEF to report on an updated Arctic Strategy to improve and enhance joint operations; the report shall also in-clude an assessment of Russia’s aggressive buildup of military assets and infrastructure in the Arctic, as well as China’s efforts to influence Arctic policy; Jackson Lee (No. 61) that directs Secretary of Navy to submit report to Congress on the feasibility of ap-plying desalinization technologies to provide drought relief in areas impacted by sharp declines in water availability for both military as well as civilian pur-poses; Young (AK) (No. 62) that directs the SECDEF to expedite DoD compliance of require-ments relating to reciprocity of security clearance and access determinations per Section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004; Gosar (No. 63) that requires National Cancer Institute and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to perform an assessment to determine if certain individuals exposed to nuclear fallout from atmospheric nuclear testing by the federal govern-ment at the Nevada Test Site contracted certain can-cers as a result of that testing and should be eligible for the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act; Denham (No. 64) that requires USDA to provide guidance and resources for individuals interested in using GI benefits for agricultural education pro-grams; Young (AK) (No. 65) that directs the SECDEF to engage with local indigenous commu-nities for their traditional knowledge when devel-oping Arctic survival curriculum; Yoder (No. 66) that adds Email Privacy Act; Lawrence (No. 67) that requires the Secretary of Defense to share lessons learned and best practices on progress of gender inte-gration implementation in the Armed Forces; Jack-son Lee (No. 68) that requires a report on the readi-ness of the National Guard and Reserve to respond to natural disasters; Poe (TX) (No. 69) that reduces the amount of CSF reimbursements the Secretary of Defense can send to Pakistan without certifying that Pakistan has taken action against the Haqqani Net-work from $350 million to $200 million; and Abra-ham (No. 70) that expresses a sense of Congress in support of the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq and their contributions to fighting and defeating ISIS;
                                            Pages H4572–75 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 5 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Perry (No. 71) that requires the Secretary of Defense to report on the incorporation of violent extremist organizations into the Iraq military and such organizations access to U.S.-provided training and equipment; Schneider (No. 72) that amends Sec-tion 1225 (Strategy to counter destabilizing activi-ties of Iran) to include the countries in which Iran is operating, assessing their destabilizing activities and implications thereof; Schneider (No. 73) that re-quires a report on Iran’s support for proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon, including Hizballah, and an as-sessment of the threat posed to Israel and other U.S. regional allies; Ellison (No. 74) that adds language expressing the sense of Congress that the use of mili-tary force is not authorized against Iran; Ellison (No. 75) that adds language clarifying that the bill is not an authorization for the use of military force against Iran; Lee (No. 76) that requires a report from the Secretary of Defense on the progress made under the United States-Afghan Compact; Roskam (No. 77) that expresses a sense of Congress of the threats posed by Iran’s ballistic missile program; Yoho (No. 78) that reinstatements of reporting requirements with respect to United States-Hong Kong relations; Connolly (No. 79) that requires a North Korea human rights report on efforts related to repatriation of U.S. Armed Forces remains, Korean-American family reunifications, and travel security risks; Lee (No. 80) that states that nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of force against North Korea; Khanna (No. 81) that ensures nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of force against North Korea; Yoho (No. 82) that modifications of freedom of navigation reporting re-quirements; Frankel (FL) (No. 83) that expresses a sense of Congress that continued United States lead-ership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is critical to the national security of the United States; Delaney (No. 84) that adds a Sense of Congress that reaffirms the U.S. commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D575 May 22, 2018 
NATO and includes appreciate for its continued ef-fort in combating terrorism; Bishop (MI) (No. 85) that expresses a sense of Congress that North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization (NATO) member countries should meet or exceed their 2 percent Gross Domes-tic Product commitment to defense spending; and Gohmert (No. 86) that requires the SECDEF in co-ordination with the Secretary of State to submit a re-port that contains an assessment of the threats posed to the United States by the Muslim Brotherhood; 
                                                                                    Pages H4575–77 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 6 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–698: Walz (No. 87) that directs the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to submit to the Secretary of Defense and the HASC, HPSCI, HFAC, SASC, SSCI, and SCFR a report on the military training center and logistical capabilities of the Chi-nese and Russian armies; Jackson Lee (No. 88) that condemns the actions of Boko Haram and directs that the Secretary of Defense submit a report on ef-forts to combat Boko Haram; Ted Lieu (CA) (No. 89) that requires a report by the Secretaries of State and Defense on foreign interference in Libya, includ-ing actions that violate the United Nations arms embargo, undermine U.S. interests or promote the presence of U.S. adversaries in Libya; Brendan F. Boyle (PA) (No. 90) that states that sense of Con-gress the U.S. should lead an international coalition to counter hybrid threats; Castro (TX) (No. 91) that adds sections on the East China Sea and the Indian Ocean to the annual Department of Defense report on Chinese military activities; Schneider (No. 92) that amends Section 1685 (NIE with respect to Rus-sian and Chinese interference in Democratic coun-tries) to require a report on DOD efforts to deter such interference; Pearce (No. 93) that requests a Space Launch study and report identifying vulnerabilities and capacity concerns of the current launch facilities; Soto (No. 94) that includes cyberse-curity and computer programming into the JROTC curriculum; Aguilar (No. 95) that helps students at-tending Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs), and Asian American and Native American Pacific Is-lander Serving Institutions (AANAPISI) access the Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program (OPPORTUNITY Act; HR 5746); Comstock (No. 96) that requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on the transition of the SharkSeer program to the Defense Information Sys-tems Agency; Jackson Lee (No. 97) that seeks a re-port on the feasibility of the DoD developing a cy-bersecurity apprentice program that provides on the job training for certain cybersecurity positions and in support of acquisition of cybersecurity certifications; Thompson (CA) (No. 98) that provides for the Sec-retary of the Navy to conduct work necessitated by Naval remediation activities, to conduct mitigation work as necessary, and to report to Congress within 120 days the process by which the work and mitiga-tion will be completed; Kinzinger (No. 99) that ex-tends lifespan of waste disposal site use by US Army; Culberson (No. 100) that establishes grant funding for the preservation of our nation’s historic battle-ships; Ben Ray Lujan (NM) (No. 101) that expresses the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear testing carried out dur-ing the Cold War; Tipton (No. 102) that ensures that royalty payments from the Anvil Points fund that have been returned to Colorado do not impact the 2019 Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) disburse-ments for recipient counties; and Pearce (No. 103) that calls for modification to the boundaries between White Sands Missile Range and White Sands Na-tional Monument.
                                             Pages H4577–80 
Proceedings Postponed: Nolan amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that seeks to strike the authorization of funds made available under the Overseas Contin-gency Operations account;
                            Pages H4557–58 
Gabbard amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that seeks to strike section 1225, a re-quired strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran;
                                                                          Pages H4558–59 
Aguilar amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that seeks to add to an already-mandated annual report, this amendment would require DoD to include a 20-year estimate of the projected life cycle costs of each type of nuclear weapon and deliv-ery platform in its text; and
                        Pages H4559–60 
Garamendi amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that seeks to limit 50% of the fund-ing for the W76–2 warhead modification program until the Secretary of Defense submits a report as-sessing the program’s impacts on strategic stability and options to reduce the risk of miscalculation. 
                                                                                    Pages H4560–62 
H. Res. 905, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5515), (S. 204), and (S. 2155) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 211, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 210. Pursuant to sec. 7 of H. Res. 905, notwithstanding clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the ques-tion of passage of H.R. 2 may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Friday, June 22, 2018.
                                                                 Pages H4292–H4301 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD576 May 22, 2018 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 11:26 p.m.
                                                 Page H4581 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4300–01, H4301, H4301–02, H4365, H4365–66, H4366–67, and H4367. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE POLICIES AND PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Edu-cation’’. Testimony was heard from Betsy DeVos, Secretary, Department of Education. DOE MODERNIZATION: LEGISLATION ADDRESSING DEVELOPMENT, REGULATION, AND COMPETITIVENESS OF ADVANCED NUCLEAR ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Legislation Addressing Development, Regulation, and Competitiveness of Advanced Nuclear Energy Technologies’’. Testimony was heard from Ed McGinnis, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Of-fice of Nuclear Energy, Department of Energy; Brent Park, Deputy Administrator, Defense Nuclear Pro-liferation, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. INTERNET OF THINGS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Internet of Things Legislation’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5735, the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act’’; H.R. 5793, the ‘‘Housing Choice Voucher Mobility Demonstration Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5841, the ‘‘Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’. H.R. 5841 and H.R. 5735 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 5793 was ordered reported, without amendment. ADVANCING EFFECTIVE CONSERVATION POLICY WORLDWIDE: SUCCESSES, CHALLENGES, AND NEXT STEPS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Effective Conservation Policy Worldwide: Successes, Challenges, and Next Steps’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE; MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing and markup on H.R. 4819, the ‘‘DELTA Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. H.R. 4819 was ordered reported, as amended. GEOPOLITICS OF U.S. OIL AND GAS COMPETITIVENESS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Geopolitics of U.S. Oil and Gas Competi-tiveness’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. LEBANON AND IRAQ: AFTER THE ELECTIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Lebanon and Iraq: After the Elections’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. STOPPING THE DAILY BORDER CARAVAN: TIME TO BUILD A POLICY WALL Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping the Daily Border Caravan: Time to Build a Policy Wall’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Department of Homeland Security officials: Ronald Vitiello, Acting Deputy Commissioner, U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Thomas Homan, Acting Director, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement; and Lee Francis Cissna, Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. OVERSIGHT OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE Oversight of the United States Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Patent and Trademark Office’’. Testimony was heard from Andrei Iancu, Director, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and Undersecre-tary of Commerce for Intellectual Property, Depart-ment of Commerce. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 5597, the ‘‘Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan Expansion Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D577 May 22, 2018 
Washington County, Utah’’; H.R. 5751, the ‘‘Gold-en Spike 150th Anniversary Act’’; and H.R. 5875, to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restora-tion Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Colum-bia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Chairman Bishop of Utah, and Rep-resentatives Stewart and Bordallo; P. Daniel Smith, Deputy Director, National Park Service, Department of the Interior; Dean Cox, County Commissioner, Washington County Commission, Utah; Jose´F. Aponte-Herna´ndez, Representative, House of Rep-resentatives, Puerto Rico; and public witnesses. TEN YEARS OF TARP: EXAMINING THE HARDEST HIT FUND Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Government Operations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Ten Years of TARP: Examining the Hardest Hit Fund’’. Testimony was heard from Christy Goldsmith-Romero, Special Inspector Gen-eral, Troubled Asset Relief Program, Department of the Treasury; Kipp Kranbuhl, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Small Business, Community Development and Affordable Housing Policy, Office of the Assist-ant Secretary for Financial Institutions, Department of the Treasury; Cathy James, Business Development Manager, Alabama Housing Finance Authority; Scott Farmer, Executive Director, North Carolina Housing Finance Agency; and a public witness. CHALLENGES TO THE FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES: PART II Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges to the Freedom of Speech on College Campuses: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ [Amendment Consider-ation]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, providing for the further consideration of H.R. 5515 under a structured rule. The rule provides for no additional general debate. In section 2, the rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution. In section 3, the rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee may offer amendments en bloc at any time consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. In section 4, the rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 5, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from May 25, 2018, through June 4, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 6, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 5. Finally, in section 7, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 5 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day of continuous session for purposes of section 1017(b) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Con-trol Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 688(b)). Testimony was heard from Representatives Jones, Langevin, Panetta, Suozzi, Gallagher, Russell, Wilson of South Carolina, Tenney, McGovern, Hastings, Polis, Torres, Newhouse, Denham, DeSantis, Dunn, Garrett, Goh-mert, Griffith, Ferguson, Grothman, Lee, Moore, Pocan, Price of North Carolina, Sablan, and Engel. EMPOWERING U.S. VETERANS THROUGH TECHNOLOGY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology; and Sub-committee on Energy held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering U.S. Veterans Through Technology’’. Testimony was heard from Dimitri Kusnezov, Chief Scientist, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. FAST ACT IMPLEMENTATION: MOTOR CARRIER PROVISIONS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Highways and Transit held a hearing entitled ‘‘FAST Act Implementation: Motor Carrier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Aug 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\MAY\D22MY8.REC D22MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD578 May 22, 2018 
Provisions’’. Testimony was heard from Ray Mar-tinez, Administrator, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation; and public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a business meeting to consider a resolution designating subcommittee members. The resolution was agreed to. THE CURIOUS CASE OF THE VISN TAKEOVER: ASSESSING VA’S GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Curious Case of the VISN Takeover: Assessing VA’s Governance Structure’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, M.D., Executive in Charge, Veterans Health Administra-tion, Department of Veterans Affairs; Michael J. Missal, Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; and a public witness. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on CIA held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
INNOVATION ECONOMY Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine breaking through the regulatory barrier, focusing on what red tape means for the in-novation economy, after receiving testimony from Scott W. Brinkman, Secretary of Kentucky Governor Bevin’s Executive Cabinet, Frankfort; Jessica A. Milano, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Small Business, Community Develop-ment, and Housing Policy, and Joseph V. Kennedy, Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, both of Washington, D.C.; and Christopher Koopman, George Mason University Mercatus Cen-ter, Arlington, Virginia. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the status of the housing fi-nance system, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the Government Accountability Office’s annual report on ad-ditional opportunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap, and duplication in the Federal government, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness Reauthorization Act, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics, Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Of-fice of Federal Financial Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma, and Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration, to hold hearings to examine the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Reauthorization Act and exploited loopholes affect-ing unaccompanied alien children, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine preventing and treating opioid misuse among older Americans, 2 p.m., SD–562. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform: Unleashing Economic Opportunity for Workers and Employers’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Olympic Community’s Ability to Protect Ath-letes from Sexual Abuse’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D579 May 22, 2018 Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthor-ization of the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Edu-cation Program’’, 1 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Help Fuel Capital and Growth on Main Street’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Impact of Autonomous Vehicles on the Future of Insurance’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening American Diplomacy: Reviewing the State Department’s Budget, Operations, and Policy Priorities’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Asia’s Diplomatic and Security Structure: Planning U.S. Engagement’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Chinese Investment and Influ-ence in Europe’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting Transnational Criminal Threats in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS–Post Caliphate: Threat Implications for America and the West’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 23, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 6.0’’, 10:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 877, a resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of Commerce to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the decision to in-clude a question on citizenship in the 2020 decennial census of population; legislation to codify provisions re-lating to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and for other purposes; H.R. 5415, the ‘‘GAO–IG Act’’; leg-islation on the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Amend-ments Act of 2018; H.R. 2648, the ‘‘Veterans Transition Improvement Act’’; H.R. 5321, the ‘‘Too Long; Didn’t Read Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4407, the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’; H.R. 5205, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Hawthorne, Nevada, as the ‘‘Sergeant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; H.R. 5349, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1320 Autumn Av-enue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5412, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5737, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’; and H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’, 2:30 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Department of En-ergy Science and Innovation Act of 2018; legislation on the National Innovation Modernization by Laboratory Empowerment Act; and legislation on the ARPA–E Act of 2018, 10:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing on H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 2409, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite tele-vision, and Internet access service contracts while de-ployed; H.R. 5452, the ‘‘Reduce Unemployment for Vet-erans of All Ages Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs; H.R. 5644, the ‘‘VET OPP Act’’; H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transi-tion Improvement Act of 2018’’; and legislation to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform and Small Busi-nesses: Growing Our Economy and Creating Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5861, the ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity with Benefits and Services for Success Act’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD580 May 22, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Wednesday, May 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will begin consider-ation of the nomination of Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion at 3:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Brian D. Montgomery, Senate will vote on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372, Vet-erans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. Following disposition of the House message to accom-pany S. 2372, Senate will vote on the motions to invoke cloture in relation to the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson, and to be Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, in the order filed. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2019 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blum, Rod, Iowa, E710 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E706, E708, E709, E711 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E710 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E703 Graves, Sam, Mo., E703 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E705 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E705 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E710 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E705 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E706 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E704 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E709 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E703 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E705 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E707 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E705, E706 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E708 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E707, E707, E708, E710, E710 Posey, Bill, Fla., E708 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E705 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E706, E708 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E703, E705 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E705 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E703 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E706 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E706 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E709 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:43 May 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22MY8.REC D22MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST