Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9541 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2018 No. 182 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We come to the end of a week where we have welcomed the newly elected Members of the House, who will join the 116th Congress. We now approach a week during which all Americans will gather to re-member who we are: a Nation gener-ously blessed not only by You, our God, but by courageous ancestors, faithful allies, and the best good wishes of peo-ple everywhere, people who long for freedom, who would glory in the dif-ficult work of participative govern-ment, and who do not enjoy the bounty we are privileged to possess. Bless the Members of this assembly, and us all, that we would be worthy of the call we have been given as Ameri-cans. Help us all to be truly thankful and appropriately generous in our re-sponse. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SHIMKUS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
DRUG PRICES (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, rep-resenting a rural district in which many small towns rely on just one pharmacy to access lifesaving drugs has made me a believer in the value of community pharmacists. I also believe in free markets and competition, but a healthy market requires transparency and a level playing field. Unfortunately, based upon my recent visits to community pharmacists in towns like Golconda, Rosiclare, and Carmi, pharmacy benefit managers, PBMs, are threatening the solvency of these community institutions by using complicated formularies that often re-sult in local pharmacies being reim-bursed less per prescription than their higher volume, big box peers, and di-rect and indirect remuneration, or DIR, fees, which create uncertainty and can impose a serious cash flow squeeze that too many times forces independent pharmacists to close their doors or sell their businesses. Drug prices are a big issue. We can help bring down costs by reducing bar-riers to drug development and delivery while increasing competition through transparency that allows everyone to compete on a level playing field. f 
HONORING HENRY W. COIL, JR. (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Henry W. Coil, Jr., a Riverside native and a champion of education in the arts. Henry has left an indelible legacy as a visionary and as a philanthropist who loved and supported his community. Through his generous and highly suc-cessful construction work, he helped build and restore schools and infra-structure throughout the Inland Em-pire in southern California. I knew Henry through his love for Riverside Community College, which he attended before moving on to UC Berkeley. At RCC, we worked to estab-lish a new school for the arts, and it was Henry’s philanthropy that helped turn this vision into a reality. For most of his life, Henry was a suc-cessful businessman, but his dedication to his community set him apart. He served briefly on the Riverside City Council, and he was a devoted sup-porter of the Boy Scouts. In fact, he even went on to earn the Boy Scouts’ Distinguished Eagle Scout Award, rec-ognizing 50 years of his continued serv-ice to the Boy Scouts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.000 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9542 November 16, 2018 
Above all, what made Henry special was his character. He stood up to big-otry and prejudice. I recall him saying to me how misguided he thought it was that a local politician was running a homophobic campaign. This was a bold position to take at the time, but this statement has stuck with me, through-out my life and career, as a mark of his character. While Henry may no longer be with us, the positive change he created will never be forgotten. 
f 
MAKE SOIL, NOT SMOKE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, every year, the Environmental Protection Agency honors students across the country for outstanding leadership and environmental achievements with the President’s Environmental Youth Awards. Among this year’s winners is Mr. Anderson’s first grade class in Okanogan, Washington. The students at Virginia Grainger El-ementary School were recognized for their project titled ‘‘Make Soil Not Smoke.’’ The class created a school garden and learned about the benefits of composting leaves instead of burning them. They decided to use their project to spread awareness about the benefits of composting and the harmful effects of burning leaves. Their project is important to a com-munity that has experienced firsthand the destruction of wildfires. As excite-ment for the project grew, the commu-nity joined in by donating compost ma-terials, garden tools, and worms for vermicomposting. In one year, Mr. Anderson’s students have created over 200 cubic yards of garden compost. They use demonstra-tions, a parade float, and booths at State fairs and farmers markets to continue spreading awareness. Please join me in recognizing the outstanding work the Make Soil Not Smoke group is doing for their commu-nity. 
f 
END HUNGER NOW (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just saw a report that most minimum wage workers need 2
1⁄2full-time jobs to af-ford a one-bedroom apartment. Many of us can’t imagine deciding between paying rent and buying food, but that is exactly the choice that far too many Americans face. The Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP, helps by providing a small ben-efit so families don’t go hungry. But the farm bill that the House Repub-licans have passed cuts SNAP by $23 billion. Let’s remember, most people on SNAP who can work, do work. Let’s also remember that real farm-ers rely on the farm bill. The longer Republicans try to use it for entitle-ment reform, the longer we hurt those farmers. The American people made their pri-orities clear at the ballot box: They want to create opportunity and possi-bility for all our families. Here is a radical idea: Let’s listen to them. Let’s follow the lead of Senate Republicans and Democrats who worked together on a farm bill that helps farmers and maintains SNAP. And let’s end hunger now. f 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, next week, we will kick off the holiday season with Thanks-giving and reflect on all that we are thankful for in our lives. It also marks the start of the very busy holiday shop-ping season. In an effort to support local shops that make our communities strong, Small Business Saturday takes place on the Saturday after Thanksgiving to encourage people to shop small and bring more holiday shopping to small businesses. On this day, we celebrate and support small businesses and all that they do for our local communities. There are more than 30 million small businesses in the United States that have created 8.4 million jobs in the last two decades. Mr. Speaker, small, locally owned businesses employ our neighbors and contribute to the fabric of our local communities. The Shop Small movement truly is about supporting our mom-and-pop shops. Whether it is a cup of coffee from a local spot or a unique gift for a loved one, everyone has an opportunity to join in and support independent business owners on Small Business Sat-urday. 
f 
HONORING EMILY REESE (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Emily Reese, a cherished Nevadan, a loving mother of three, and a fearless healthcare advocate who worked tire-lessly to put others before herself. Emily devoted her last year of life to fighting for what she believed in: pro-tecting access to quality, affordable healthcare for those who need it most. Her work touched many lives, includ-ing my own. Emily’s compassion and determina-tion knew no boundaries, and it is those qualities that made her a power-ful voice in our community. As we pay tribute to her life, let us never forget to find strength in her words: live life, love life, and impact others. f 
DISASTER RELIEF (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on the House, the Senate, and the administra-tion to adopt a disaster relief bill be-fore December 7. In recent months, we have witnessed catastrophes that have struck our Na-tion coast to coast, from wildfires across California, flooding in the Caro-linas, and the incredible loss of agri-culture in my home State of Georgia from Hurricane Michael. Agriculture is the largest and oldest economic driver in the State of Geor-gia. The past few years, farmers have faced low commodity prices, unfair trade practices from foreign countries, labor shortages, and low crop yields that have created a strain on their businesses. They have also hurt the surrounding rural economies. Hurri-cane Michael made all of these past losses pale in comparison. Following the storm, the likes of which Georgia has not seen in over a century, President Trump and Vice President P
ENCE visited my district and heard firsthand from farmers about how they went from having the best crops to no crops in a matter of hours. This disaster has been heartbreaking, and without additional Federal assist-ance, it will break the back of Geor-gia’s rural economy. Mr. Speaker, this is not a partisan issue; this is an American issue. I call on this Chamber to act now to help these farmers and others across our great Nation who are struggling with the aftermath of these disasters. 
f 
HONORING DOLORES M CCRACKEN (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the memory and extraor-dinary life of an educator in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose dedica-tion of Pennsylvania’s children made her one of Pennsylvania’s most promi-nent voices on education advocacy, pol-icy, and practices. Dolores McCracken, who served as president of the Pennsylvania State Education Association, passed away on November 13 following her courageous battle with cancer. Dolores spent the past two decades as a passionate activ-ist for improved public education, working to promote PSEA initiatives on the Federal, State, and local levels. Dolores’ professional contributions to Pennsylvania education are impactful and incredibly far-reaching. She worked closely with numerous statewide partners and served on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.002 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9543 November 16, 2018 
board of directors at the Keystone Re-search Center, the Pennsylvania Budg-et and Policy Center, and the Council Rock Education Foundation. She also served as president of the Churchville Elementary Home and School Associa-tion. For Dolores, it always came down to improving the lives of our community’s children and their families. She firmly believed that every child, regardless of the circumstances of their birth, de-serves the best education in the world. A paralegal by trade, Dolores is sur-vived by her husband, Jack Jr.; her children, Jack III and Kristin; and her grandchildren, Dylan, Reese, Paige, and Logan. May they take comfort in knowing Dolores’ life work will carry on in our students’ lives for genera-tions. Dolores McCracken is our chil-dren’s hero. 
f 
b0915 MANAGE OUR WOLVES ACT Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 1142, I call up the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for re-moval of the gray wolf in the contig-uous 48 States from the List of Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife pub-lished under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Pursuant to House Reso-lution 1142, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6784 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Manage our Wolves Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REMOVAL OF FEDERAL PROTECTIONS FOR GRAY WOLVES IN WYOMING AND WESTERN GREAT LAKES. 
(a) G RAY WOLVES IN WYOMING .—The final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530), that was reinstated on March 3, 2017, by the decision of the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the District of Columbia (No. 14– 5300) and further republished on May 1, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 20284), that reinstates the re-moval of Federal protections for the gray wolf in Wyoming under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and this subsection, shall not be subject to judi-cial review. (b) G
RAY WOLVES IN WESTERN GREAT  L
AKES .—Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall re-issue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance (including this subsection) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 3. REMOVAL OF FEDERAL PROTECTIONS FOR GRAY WOLVES RANGE-WIDE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, and except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of the Interior shall issue a rule to remove the gray wolf (Canis lupus) in each of the 48 contiguous States of the United States and the District of Columbia from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife in section 17.11 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, without re-gard to any other provision of statute or reg-ulation that applies to issuance of such rule. (b) LIMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Such issuance (including this section)— (1) shall not be subject to judicial review; and (2) shall not affect the inclusion of the sub-species classified as the Mexican gray wolf (Canis lupus baileyi) of the species gray wolf (Canis lupus) in such list. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debated for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. The gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill would accomplish what multiple ad-ministrations have been attempting to do for over a decade by delisting a spe-cies the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has deemed recovered under the Endan-gered Species Act. It also empowers the States to take a larger role in man-aging the species population. The gray wolf has been protected in its original habitat in the western Great Lakes region under the Endan-gered Species Act since 1974. Beginning in 1994, the Federal Government began introducing species to the Western U.S. by relocating wolves from Canada and releasing them in Western States. The reintroduced wolf population in the West expanded more quickly than many had anticipated, and as a result, Western States began to work with the Fish and Wildlife Service to better manage the species. This successful State and Federal cooperation led to the Fish and Wildlife Service’s first at-tempt to delist the species under the Endangered Species Act in 2009. Litiga-tion activists struck back, challenging the agency’s delisting decision and halting further agency action at that time. In 2014, the Fish and Wildlife Service, after noting an even greater increase in species population, attempted to once again delist the gray wolf. Just as be-fore, litigants immediately challenged the agency’s decision. That same year, gray wolves in Wyoming and the west-ern Great Lakes region were relisted by court order, citing inadequate State management plans. This 2014 order was appealed, and in March of last year, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the relisting decision for the gray wolf, but in Wyoming only. This underscores the extent to which the Fish and Wildlife Service has been hamstrung in implementing the objec-tives of the Endangered Species Act. Rather than spending its limited re-sources protecting vulnerable species, litigation activists have forced the agency to continuously defend every action. In this case, despite scientific evi-dence collected under multiple admin-istrations from both sides of the aisle showing that the gray wolf populations have recovered and thrived, the agency remains bogged down in costly, never- ending litigation. We should be cele-brating this ESA victory instead of moving on to the next challenge. This bill would prevent the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from wasting fur-ther resources in responding to envi-ronmental lawfare by affirming its pre-vious rules to delist the gray wolf and shielding these rules from further re-view. Finally, the bill seeks to empower the States to manage their individual gray wolf populations by directing the Secretary of the Interior to issue a rule to delist the gray wolf in each of the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia. To ensure that States are provided certainty when developing State management plans, this bill would also exempt the delisting system from judicial review. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the commonsense bill that we have here, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the bill today. In a world full of lions and tigers en-tertaining the masses, have you ever seen a wolf in the circus? If you love your dog, thank a wolf. There is a line of poetry that says: ‘‘A wolf eats sheep but now and then; Ten thousands are devour’d by men.’’ Wolves are historic and vital key-stone predators that have been hunted to near extinction in the contiguous United States. After being formerly designated as endangered and protected under the Endangered Species Act, wolf populations began to rise. However, they still inhabit just a fraction of their historic range, and continued pro-tection under the Endangered Species Act is necessary. Instead, H.R. 6784 strips the protections that have al-lowed the species to begin to recover. Prior to widespread human settle-ment, hundreds of thousands of gray wolves roamed North America. They could be found from the Pacific Coast to the Atlantic Coast. Today, sadly, the farthest east they can be found is in Michigan. Some of my colleagues might know that I would love to see the gray wolves in Virginia some day, but for now, it is important that we continue to protect the fewer than 6,000 that we have left in the lower 48. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.004 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9544 November 16, 2018 
How did we get to only 6,000? As the human population grew in the 19th and 20th centuries, gray wolves were poisoned, trapped, shot, gassed—every possible way to kill them—and their population decline was exacerbated by habitat destruction. Removing Federal protection opens the doors to further baiting, hunting, and trapping of wolves. The war on wolves is based, in part, on a myth that wolves are dangerous to humans and livestock. The reality, of course, is that humans are far more dangerous to wolves than wolves are ei-ther to humans or wolves are to live-stock. Wolves cause less than 1 percent of all livestock losses in the United States, which is a minor threat com-pared to health issues, weather, and even other predators. In fact, domestic dogs cause more cattle losses than wolves do. But no one is talking about trapping or poisoning dogs. Ironically, researchers at Washington State University have found that kill-ing wolves leads to an increase in live-stock losses caused by wolves. Wolves generally avoid people. There are only two known deaths from wolves in the entire contiguous United States in the 21st century. Far more Americans are killed by bees, dogs, or deer-car colli-sions than by wolves. It has also been proven that State agencies cannot successfully manage these species. We have to look at what happened when they were delisted in Idaho and Montana in 2011. In just those two States, hostile State man-agement practices have caused more than 3,200 wolves to be killed through hunting and trapping. That is half the known wolves in the lower 48. Furthermore, we know that tar-geting wolves is not only cruel and det-rimental to the species itself, but it is also detrimental to the other species and to the ecosystems in which it be-longs. Many of us have seen the video, the documentary on what has happened to Yellowstone since the reintroduction of wolves. Before, when wolves were eliminated, the explosion of other pop-ulations caused defoliation, erosion, and an unbalanced ecosystem in the park. When wolves were reintroduced in 1995, everything changed. They were the keystone predator, the linchpin, that held together this delicate bal-ance. When the deer and elk popu-lations were managed, vegetation re-generated, which brought back species such as birds, beavers, mice, and bears. Riverbanks stabilized as plant life thrived and erosion decreased, and the whole landscape was transformed. Delisting decisions are best kept in the hands of scientists, and we can’t allow any delisting decisions to happen because of politics, particularly not to a species so historic, majestic, inte-gral, and charismatic to the ecosystem in which it belongs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the sponsor of the bill, who actually lives in an area where the wolves live. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his support in coming down and managing our time. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that is bi-partisan in a time where I don’t think we see a lot of bipartisanship. I think the reason you see Democrats and Re-publicans coming together and, actu-ally, the House and the Senate coming together on this bill is because, if you live in the northern part of the United States in the Great Lakes and West, you understand that the wolves are a huge problem. That is why you have seen Democratic Senators from this re-gion, Democratic Congressmen from this region, and Republicans standing together to say: Hey, listen, we have to manage these wolves. If you live in the suburbs of Wash-ington, D.C., it is not a problem. If you live in Madison, Wisconsin, it is not really a problem. You can make the ar-gument that the pretty little puppy of the wolf, it is so pretty and beautiful and we have to protect it. Well, we did protect it. We put it on the endangered species list. Like a lot of government programs, this one worked. We have protected them and allowed them to recover. We have three times as many gray wolves as was projected to be necessary to take them off the endangered species list. We are coming to a hunting season in Wisconsin right now, so a lot of Wis-consinites put on their blaze orange and get their guns, and they go out to the woods and hunt deer. Mr. Speaker, I have never seen a pic-ture of Barack Obama in blaze orange and with his rifle going out to hunt deer. He is not a great outdoorsman, I don’t think, but Barack Obama’s ad-ministration was the one that first took the gray wolf off the endangered species list. And Donald Trump, too, agrees. Donald Trump and Barack Obama agreeing on an issue? They do on gray wolves. You can say: I love the gray wolf. Protect it. Does anybody like Bambi? Does any-one like Little Bear? Does anyone like your little pet—dogs? cats? cattle? In our communities, here is a picture of one of our gray wolves. It is hard to tell on this picture, but that is a bear, and the bear is dead, by the way, be-cause the wolf killed it. Here is a picture from one of my farmers that shows one of his cattle that was attacked by a gray wolf. So what we are saying here is why can’t we come together, acknowledge the success of a program, that the gray wolf has recovered, and then acknowl-edge that we should allow our States then to manage the gray wolf? Some States might say: I want to allow the population to continue to grow. Other States might say: We want to manage it. So if you live in Cali-fornia, you might say: In California, we have a small population. We are going to let that little population thrive and grow. But if you live in Wisconsin, es-pecially northern Wisconsin, you might say: It is necessary for us to actually manage this population because it is good for the environment; it is good for the wolves; it is good for the cattle. It is actually really good for our deer pop-ulation. So I think this just makes common sense. And, by the way, some have come out and said—as I talked about on the floor, I am kind of a PETA guy. I want to protect animals. Well, protecting animals is allowing our States to suc-cessfully manage the wolf population, because if you do, you not only protect the wolf, but you protect the deer; you protect the cattle, the dogs, and the bear. Everyone gets protected when you have a balance to the ecosystem. We are out of balance right now, and, frankly, I believe that our States are far more in tune in understanding the ecosystem of their State than bureau-crats in Washington. So I would far rather empower Wisconsin; and my good friend, C
OLLIN PETERSON from Minnesota, let Minnesota manage those populations because they under-stand the ecosystem better. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to join Barack Obama and join Donald Trump and join a few Members of Congress from Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Washington—and Sen-ators as well—to allow us to success-fully manage the gray wolf population which allows for a healthier ecosystem. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), my colleague. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill for a number of reasons, but I would specifically like to address how the bill undermines science. Congress enacted the ESA to con-serve and protect endangered and threatened species and their habitats in the U.S. and abroad. Congress also recognized that scientists, not Mem-bers of Congress—even me, ones like me with political science degrees—sci-entists have the necessary expertise to make decisions about species’ protec-tion. So the ESA requires that the Fish and Wildlife Service make the deci-sions regarding species listing and delisting. The law entrusts the Serv-ice’s scientists to determine what is best for imperiled species, such as the gray wolf, using the best available science. The ESA is credited as being one of the most science-based laws on the books, but this bill completely elimi-nates scientists from the decision-making process. It mandates that all gray wolves be removed from the ESA in the lower 48. In doing so, it short- circuits the law’s science-based process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.006 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9545 November 16, 2018 
that determines when species have re-covered and when protections are ap-propriately removed. b0930 Despite years of Republican efforts to ignore the science behind the ESA, we know it has been a huge success. Nine-ty-nine percent of listed species have continued to survive, and 90 percent are on schedule to meet their recovery goals. So we should be working to make the gray wolf another one of those ESA success stories, not elimi-nating the protections that have helped put it on a path to recovery. When the gray wolf was listed in the early 1970s, there were only a few hun-dred left in the wild. Since then, sci-entists have shown that the reintro-duction of gray wolves in the Northern Rockies has been a huge ecological and economic success. I was able to see gray wolves in Yellowstone with Mr. B
EYER and Mr. D EFAZIO earlier this year and to see the ecosystem that has rebounded since their reintroduction. We are on the right track, but science shows that ESA protection is still needed. Currently, these wolves occupy only 5 percent of their historic range and only 36 percent of their suit-able habitat. So while it is encouraging that the wolves are recovering and even coming into California for the first time in 90 years, a handful of these animals hardly shows that it is time for them to be delisted. Instead of enacting a new law to eliminate protections, we ought to be working with landowners, local and State agencies, and others to prevent conflicts so that we and wolves can both thrive. I would like to point out that if American citizens believe an agency does not follow the letter of the law, under the ESA, they have the right to hold the government accountable in court. It is part of the system of checks and balances that must be protected. Politically driven, species-specific legislation like this sets a dangerous precedent for delisting. It opens the door to future partisan attacks on vul-nerable species. Legislative delisting measures like this one undermine the scientific process fundamental to the success of the Endangered Species Act. Scientists, not Congress, should make these decisions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say that the Endangered Species Act delisting a species is based on science, and the science has proven that this species is recovered. Twice under the previous administration, Fish and Wildlife tried to delist the species based on the science. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETER -
SON), who is also a cosponsor of the bill and from wolf country. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill. I have to say, in my 28 years in this body, I have never seen so much nonsense, misinformation, and propa-ganda put out on a bill as is being put out on this one. We followed the En-dangered Species Act. We did what was said. The scientists said that we have recovered, and they delisted the wolves. These were scientists who did it; it wasn’t any politician. The politics on this, you had a group out there, these extreme environ-mentalists and others who have cap-tured our party, that went to a judge in Washington, D.C., who has no idea what is going on at all, and convinced that judge that the wolves had not re-covered because they had not been re-established all the way to Des Moines, Iowa. Do you want some wolves in Des Moines, Iowa? I don’t think so. There were never any wolves in Des Moines, Iowa, in the first place. So we followed the law. The Fish and Wildlife Service is on our side. They delisted these wolves. The DNR in Min-nesota was managing the wolves and doing a good job before the court inter-vened politically. I don’t agree with the DNR. I have very seldom got along with the DNR in Minnesota. This is one time where they were doing the right thing. They did a good job, and the court stopped them. It was politics; it wasn’t science. So this nonsense that somehow or another that we are politically doing this is not true. We have more wolves in my district than any other district in the United States. We have twice as many wolves as was required to get the wolves delisted. But that wasn’t good enough. So I say to all you folks who think this is such a great idea: We have a lot of extra wolves. We will send them to your district. We will let them eat some of your fancy little dogs and see how long that will go before your con-stituents demand that you do some-thing about it. My neighbor has had four of his cat-tle killed in the last 2 years. They killed his German shepherd dog and ripped it apart. Are you telling me that this is not a problem? When we had the population under control, we didn’t have these kinds of problems. So this idea that somehow or another you are on the righteous side of science and all that stuff is complete nonsense. I will have the gentleman come up to my district, and he can see what is going on. So we followed the law. We have the Federal agencies that are responsible for this that are on our side. It wasn’t us who screwed this up; it was that court in D.C., and that judge has no clue about what is going on. Mr. Speaker, I tell Members to sup-port this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have a few wolves in my district, not enough. I don’t know that I will take Mr. PETERSON ’s wolves, but we are breeding our own. OR–7 made an incredible journey from way up in northeastern Oregon all the way down to the California border. He went down to California looking for a mate. He finally found one, and those were his first progeny. Guess what? We are not having cata-strophic predation on cattle in south-ern Oregon. We could accommodate more wolves. Now, there are reasons why cattle die. My colleague from Oregon might show up, and he has a picture—it is kind of ugly—of a calf that was killed by wolves. It was sad that that calf didn’t get to grow up and go to the slaughterhouse. Here are the real facts. Seventy-four percent of loss is due to health issues; that is, good husbandry. Eight percent almost, 7.8, is due to weather; 2.7 is due to coyotes, cougars, bear, and dogs— predators. Oh, here we are. Look, that is the problem. Wait a minute. We have new numbers, 0.2 percent—0.2 percent— is due to wolf predation. Now, I doubt that my colleagues on the other side have gone to Yellow-stone to see the phenomenal recovery of the ecosystems in Yellowstone. We will hear that, oh, it is bad for hunters, elk. Well, actually, the elk population is doing very well, but they don’t browse all the way down into the streams anymore. So now fish have come back, and other species have come back, because the elk are worried about the wolves, so they stick to the forested areas where they should be. So having apex predators is incredibly im-portant to a balanced environment. To say that we have to go out and slaughter those—Fish and Wildlife or Animal Damage Control, whatever the heck we call those jerks these days. The Federal Government has been sub-sidizing for years the indiscriminate slaughter of predator species, osten-sibly to help out the ranchers. Now, when I was a county commis-sioner, we were kind of broke, and we went through a list of everything we were doing. I said, what are we doing, giving this money there? They said that is our match to the Federal Gov-ernment to come and kill coyotes. I said, why? What is that about? They said, oh, sheep predation, horrible, hor-rible. We were broke. We cut out that. We said, no, we don’t want these people here anymore. We are not going to sub-sidize it. Guess what happened? Nothing. We did not have horrible sheep predation in my county. So a lot of this is based on some kind of gut-level, historic fear or hatred of predators that has been passed down from generation to generation. We can have a healthy wolf popu-lation, and you can still do good hus-bandry with cattle. So they want to delist the wolf in all the lower 48. We have maybe 8, 12, 10— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.008 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9546 November 16, 2018 
we don’t even know—in my district, which is historic habitat. In other parts of the State that have been pre-viously occupied, there are no wolves. A couple of our wolves have wandered down to California, the first ones there since we were on this campaign to eliminate them all. The other thing is science. When you kill the apex predators, then the coyotes depredate on the cattle. Then you have overpopulation of elk, and they browse riparian. A balanced envi-ronment is good for everybody. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Oregon an additional 30 seconds. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, these people want to unbalance it and delist the entire lower 48. They want to defy good science. And, oh, by the way, what they are doing is so indefensible, but, well, we can’t go to court because, actually, we are not following the law. So this bill does a number of things that are really short-term bad. By the way, it is going nowhere in the Senate. We are hearing messaging today that we could be doing a farm bill, and we could be doing affordable college education. There are a lot of things we could do—a budget for the United States Government. But, no, we are here on a talking point for a few id-iots. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad that the gentleman from Oregon is so passionate about wolves, and this bill would be fantastic for him and his State. It would allow their State natural re-sources folks to manage their wolves. They could release some in Portland. They could let those wolf populations get as large as they want to get. But the scientists at U.S. Fish and Wildlife have said that the species is recovered, and we are talking about letting other States have the opportunity to manage those wolf populations in their States. I wish we were doing a farm bill. I wish the Senate would do a farm bill, because we have already done one out of here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, in my home in eastern Wash-ington, we have been living the real impact of large wolf populations for many years now. We see the impact on safety. We see the economic impact it is having on our ranchers. Each year, we are losing hundreds of livestock to wolves and costing our economy millions of dol-lars. The gray wolf is recovered, and it is time for it to be removed from the En-dangered Species Act. The Endangered Species Act has listed many species. This is not about a hatred or a fear of predators. This is about actually recog-nizing that the Endangered Species Act has done its job, and it is time for the wolf to be delisted. In the fall of 2013, the Obama admin-istration announced that the gray wolf was recovered. President Obama’s Fish and Wildlife Director Dan Ashe has stated: The gray wolf ‘‘is no longer en-dangered or threatened with extinc-tion. . . . As we propose to remove ESA protections, States like Washington and Oregon are managing expanding populations under protective State laws.’’ Unfortunately, the gray wolf was not delisted. In eastern Washington, and specifically in northeastern Wash-ington, predation on calves has become common. I regularly hear from people who are seeing wolves around their property and from people who cannot defend themselves without it being a felony. Eastern Washington knows better how to manage our land and wildlife than someone sitting here in a cubicle in Washington, D.C. What we are pro-posing is that these management prac-tices would be returned to the State level, that we would allow the people who are closest to the land and to the practices to be able to take action that would benefit endangered and native animals while protecting farmers, ranchers, and our way of life. I was proud to be an original cospon-sor of this bill because it is important. It is important to our way of life. It is important to the people in eastern Washington. It is important to our economy. I thank Congressman DUFFY from Wisconsin for his work and leadership on this issue that impacts many com-munities across the country. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act. Despite the claims made by our col-leagues across the aisle, gray wolves play a critical role in keeping eco-systems healthy and balanced, includ-ing across Michigan and the Great Lakes region. At one time, gray wolves roamed in the hundreds of thousands. Today, there are fewer than 6,000 gray wolves in existence. Just this week, the Na-tional Park Service announced that a gray wolf died after being relocated from Minnesota to Michigan’s Isle Royale National Park. The threat to gray wolves is still real, and they must be protected. The bill before us would remove all protec-tions for gray wolves under the Endan-gered Species Act, including reissuing a 2011 rule by the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service that delisted the gray wolf in the western Great Lakes. H.R. 6784 also seriously undermines scientific integrity, which is one of the foundations of the Endangered Species Act. It would remove scientists from the decision-making process to delist gray wolves. Scientists, not Congress, should be making listing or delisting decisions. b0945 As a keystone species, these iconic animals are vital to the structure of the ecological communities in which we live. Two decades ago, the lush landscape of Yellowstone National Park was not as we see it today. In-stead, it was riddled with defoliation, erosion, and an unbalanced ecosystem. Due to the absence of predators, deer and elk populations were out of con-trol. Despite efforts to manage them, they overgrazed the park’s vegetation. That all changed when gray wolves were reintroduced into the park in 1995. As a top predator in the food chain, wolves hold together that delicate bal-ance of the ecosystem. Once wolves were brought back to the park, the natural balance of the ecosystem was restored. The regenerated forests sta-bilized the riverbanks, leading to less erosion and more suitable wildlife habitat. And not to mention, wolves re-duce the coyote population by as much as 50 percent. The whole landscape was dramatically transformed with the re-introduction of just a few gray wolves, and their presence can similarly be felt across the Great Lakes region. Finally, gray wolves not only benefit the ecosystem, but they provide sig-nificant economic benefits as well. Just 10 years after reintroduction, wolf-related tourism generated more than $35 million for communities in Wyoming, Idaho, and Montana. Mr. Speaker, we have seen what the absence of gray wolves can do to the ecosystem. We have seen how wildlife and plant populations suffer, from our national parks to the Great Lakes, without a proper predator-prey bal-ance. Yes, good progress has been made to revive the gray wolf population, but there is more work to do. H.R. 6784 would halt and potentially reverse the progress that has been made. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will emphasize something I think that has been said before. You always try to think of something new. You can’t help but notice that the number of people who do not want the gray wolf delisted live in areas that don’t have gray wolves. The State of Wisconsin is maybe typical in this. They introduced gray wolves to north-ern Wisconsin. When there was con-troversy about it, they said, Well, that is okay. These are northern areas where very few people live. Of course, even then I had a problem with it be-cause people did live up there. I don’t think the people near where this judge lived would want the gray wolves wandering around the Virginia and Maryland suburbs. They would not want the concern, walking around at night with the wolves, even though 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9547 November 16, 2018 
they don’t normally attack humans. They would not want the concern of the wolves out there if they have dogs or other pets around. If they had cat-tle, they wouldn’t want that concern. Wisconsin being very typical, I think the gray wolves that began in the northern part of the State are now all the way down to areas like Columbia County or Sheboygan County in the southern part of the State. And they will, unless somebody does something about it, continue to grow, continue to go further south, and the herds will continue to grow. I would ask people who are going to vote against this: Think how you would feel if you have a significant number of gray wolves wandering around your subdivision—or even one gray wolf wandering around your sub-division—and then have more respect for the Congressmen who are living with these gray wolves. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about letting scientists make the deci-sion, not letting others make the deci-sion. But right now, courts are making the decision on the delisting of this wolf. We have heard testimony that, even though it is a bipartisan bill, even though it was people in the previous administration that first suggested delisting the wolf, we have heard testi-mony that if you support delisting the wolf, you must be an idiot. I don’t think supporting this legisla-tion means you are an idiot or you are trying to message something. I think it means that we want to see science im-plemented. I think it means that we want to let the scientists do their jobs. Mention has been made about Yel-lowstone National Park. I was actually in Yellowstone National Park this last summer and talked to scientists out there about the big fire in the 1980s. What many of us know about fire is that it is a natural occurring phe-nomena, and it mimicked a huge clear- cut in Yellowstone National Park. After the fire and all this vegetation started growing back, we saw a huge increase in elk and deer herds, and the wolf population increased right along with that. As a matter of fact, the scientists at the park told me that the greatest numbers of elk that they have had hap-pened within about 10 years after the big fire out there. The greatest popu-lation of wolves that they had hap-pened after that. Now that the forest is growing back, that ecosystem, that forest will burn again—it burns about every 100 years—but the science is being applied here. We just want to let States make the decisions on how to manage these wolves that the scientists have said are recovered and need to be delisted. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the balance of my time be man-aged by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, this bill sets several incredibly damaging precedents, fundamentally weakening the protections of our Nation’s threat-ened and endangered species. The Endangered Species Act is one of the most effective and important con-servation laws ever passed by Congress. The success is due, in large part, to a careful scrutiny of scientific evidence and the critical analysis of all factors when making decisions on the status of a species. The Manage Our Wolves Act would remove protections under the ESA for one of the Nation’s iconic wildlife spe-cies, without an opportunity for public participation in the rulemaking proc-ess for delisting. Even more troubling, this bill would explicitly ban any judi-cial review of the delisting of gray wolves in both the Great Lakes and na-tionwide. No judicial oversight will be allowed for the removal of the science-based protections established under the En-dangered Species Act. A species is only listed as endangered or threatened, or delisted upon its successful recovery, after a rigorous assessment of its ex-tinction. By eliminating judicial review of ESA delisting actions, this legislation removes the ability of the public and the scientific community to partici-pate in the process. Access to a court of law is a cornerstone of American de-mocracy and a fundamental part of our government. The judicial branch is also where the American people can have their voices heard and they can have a say in our system of checks and balances. Stop-ping our independent Federal courts from reviewing the actions of Federal agencies, or of Congress, violates this access to justice principle. It is simply undemocratic. It undermines the nec-essary oversight of government deci-sions. For years, the courts have served as an important forum for addressing dis-putes over ESA-related decisions. This legislation’s attempt to remove judi-cial review from the ESA decision has no scientific or legal basis. It is simply a politically expedient move. By prioritizing politics over con-servation, this bill would cause irrep-arable damage to the integrity of the Endangered Species Act and sets a dan-gerous precedent of overriding the careful deliberations of the court. Mr. Speaker, we should not support legislatively mandating decisions about vulnerable species. We should not circumvent the established process for making ESA determinations. For this reason, I would urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Minnesota has 1 minute remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I was recently in Yellowstone in the last month and a half. And, yes, there was a fire in Yellowstone. I am from Min-nesota. I know all about after fires go in, and the moose munch, as we call it, around the boundary waters in the Voyageurs National Park area comes back and you can start seeing moose. They start doing better. The same thing is true of the elk. I saw elk lit-erally right out a car window. They are doing better. But it is also very important to re-member what Congressman D
EFAZIO said about how, when the wolves are interactive and they are part of the re-growth and the rebirth of our forest system, the wolf, by being a predator, helps protect the stream banks and the rest from the elk and other animals from being on the stream banks and pressing them down. That has a big rip-ple effect on fish and other wildlife in the ecosystem, especially in Yellow-stone. So I appreciate the gentleman’s re-marks about Yellowstone, but it is just not one thing that is causing the elk to come back healthy. It is the wolf popu-lation, as well. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is important, I think, to note, so you get a sense of what the gray wolves have done, that 1987 was when a plan was finalized to restore them to the Northern Rockies by transplanting the wolves from Canada into central Idaho, Yellowstone National Park. In 1995 and 1996, 66 Canadian wolves were transplanted, with a goal of estab-lishing 10 breeding pairs in each of three recovery zones in Idaho, Mon-tana, and Wyoming for three consecu-tive years. Well, guess what, Mr. Speaker? Those 66 Canadian wolves have done pretty well. In fact—and I think this is largely why the scientists with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, with whom I have had many disagree-ments—but in this, these folks have come out and said: You know what? The U.S. population of 5,500 wolves have done real well since being trans-planted from Canada. They are not the original U.S. wolves, but from Canada. They are bigger, more aggressive. But there are 3,800 just in the upper Great Lakes, 8,000 to 11,000 in Alaska, and now 60,000 in Canada. As their numbers increase, so do the massive problems. I appreciated the anecdotal informa-tion about seeing more elk and moose. I would suggest, based on the rapidly escalating number of attacks, that you are going to see more and more elk and moose want to come hang around the cars so they don’t get eaten by wolves. So you will have more and more tour-ists seeing elk and moose, but their populations are diminishing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.012 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9548 November 16, 2018 
In fact, it is rather dramatic. Wolves eat 20 pounds of meat a day and elk comprise 92 percent of the wolf kills during the winter. Other prey include moose, caribou, deer, beaver, hares, and livestock. In 1995, there were 19,000 elk in the northern Yellowstone herd. By 2008, there were 5,000. That is down from 19,000. The moose herd in the area also dropped from more than 1,000 to some-where around 100 to 300. I am sure they will get to hanging out with tourists more and more just to keep from get-ting eaten. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague from Wisconsin, Representative S
EAN D
UFFY , and his bill, the Manage Our Wolves Act. This piece of legislation is critically important to my district and its farmers. You see, farming is the lifeblood of northeast Wisconsin. Not only do our agricultural products support thou-sands of local jobs, they also feed mil-lions of mouths across the world. This is why so many of my constituents are concerned by the threat of the gray wolf population to our farms. Already, the gray wolf’s predatory behavior has cost Wisconsin farmers millions of dol-lars in damage. This is why we must pass the Manage Our Wolves Act to delist the gray wolf from the Endangered Species Act and return control of population back to the States where it belongs. By doing so, farmers will finally be able to focus on actual farming, instead of having to spend extra time and money on keep-ing their livestock out of danger. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. Our farmers are depending on it. b1000 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ), my colleague, the ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, given the fact that the Endangered Species Act is under unrelenting attacks by the Trump administration and House Republicans, it should come as no sur-prise that, after being out of session for more than 6 weeks, the first rules bill to go to the floor is one that continues those attacks on ESA, eliminates judi-cial review, takes the American people out of the public rulemaking process, and makes it easier to kill wolves. However, one must ask my Repub-lican colleagues: Seriously? Do we not have more pressing issues to address? Children are still being separated from their families. Wildfires are blazing across Cali-fornia. There have been 311 mass shootings in our country this year. We have more Federal troops on the southern border than we have in Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq, all patiently sit-ting around and looking for Poncho Villa’s ghost to come around. The UN released a climate change re-port finding that we are in a much more dire state than we thought. In fact, today would have been a great day to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which my Republican colleagues have allowed to expire twice on their watch, a bill with 240 bipartisan cosponsors. Instead, we are talking about killing wolves, a bill introduced in September with three cosponsors. In this Congress, Republicans have introduced more than 100 bills, amend-ments, and policy riders to remove or block ESA protections for individual species or to weaken important provi-sions of a law that is not only hugely popular with the American people, but also conserves our biodiversity. The bill before us today, H.R. 6784, is a piece of legislation we have seen time and time again to undermine wolf pop-ulations in the United States, but this would deliver an even more devastating blow to the continued recovery of gray wolves across the lower 48. Congress should not be making deci-sions on which species to list or delist. What we need to be doing is properly funding the Fish and Wildlife Service to implement measures to strengthen ESA and protect species and their habi-tats from permanent extinction, given the fact that we are facing an ongoing extinction crisis. The ESA has a near perfect record of saving imperiled species. Even in the face of massive population growth, haphazard development, and pressure on ocean and coastal resources, over 99 percent of the species receiving protec-tion are still surviving today. ESA works, and 90 percent of the American voters would agree with me. However, despite its incredible public support and impressive track record, the Trump administration and House Republicans continue to attack this historic environmental law and the species that it protects. These attacks on one of the most successful and pop-ular conservation statutes in the his-tory of the world are old, they are tired, and they are not fooling anyone. I can say with some confidence that these types of attacks on ESA will not be legitimized in the next Congress. Science, budget allocation, and protec-tion and conservation will return as the prominent criteria for ESA pol-icy—not just the resource extraction, industry’s singular agenda. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I really have appreciated sitting on the floor and listening to this dialogue be-cause I think that there are some les-sons here about getting things right. My friend from Virginia, my friend from Oregon have dealt with the eco-logical benefits of having apex preda-tors to be able to restore ecological balance. I heard the notion of, ‘‘Well, how would you feel if you were reintro-ducing wolves in metropolitan areas?’’ and I just thought for a moment of lis-tening in the past to people who are overrun with deer in Virginia suburbs, in Maryland suburbs. It is not just messing up their yards; it is killing people. We have several hundred people a year who are killed in collisions with deer. There are problems with chronic wasting disease that having an apex predator helps provide health benefits where you have healthier herds. I have watched the dynamic in Or-egon, and it is complex because there are people who are ranching interests, there are people who are involved with hunting, and they want to short-circuit it, even in a State as ecologically and animal friendly as Oregon. It is a struggle. To take a step back, weakening the endangered species protections, sub-stituting political judgments, I think, is inappropriate. I would also note no small amount of irony that, in addition to the notion that we should be here reauthorizing the Land and Water and Conservation Fund, if we want to deal with animals in the closing hours of this session of Congress, why aren’t we dealing with a half dozen bills that Republicans have refused to allow us to vote on that are overwhelmingly supported by the pub-lic and are supported by a majority of our Members? It is, I think, doubly ironic that we are concluding where we have had Re-publican leadership forcing some of the worst animal welfare records. We lost two Republican incumbents with 50 years of service in Republican districts who had the worst animal records in Congress. I fought really hard to have animal welfare be a bipartisan issue. Taking issues like this, forcing people to make false choices that are bad for animals, bad for the environment—frankly, they are bad politics. I hope that we go through this cha-rade, it goes nowhere, but deal with the underlying debate here about what we want in terms of ecological balance, animal protection, and rule of law. We will be better off if we do that; the spe-cies will be better off if we do that; and I think the politics will be cleaner and more productive. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-man’s courtesy in allowing me to speak on this. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I know there is a con-tention that gray wolves, though they have dramatically exploded from those 66 original wolves being introduced to thousands and thousands now, are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.014 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9549 November 16, 2018 
a threat to people; but I would suggest to you that, not only have the liberals in the U.S. Government seen a need year after year to delist the gray wolves, but a college student named Kenton Carnegie’s family members would suggest that, when Kenton was killed by gray wolves, the gray wolves were a threat to mankind; and Candice Berner, a teacher in Alaska who was killed while jogging, her surviving fam-ily members would suggest gray wolves are a threat to people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that time be managed by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 6784 as this act will block vital protection for gray wolves across the entire Nation, protections that were implemented under the Endangered Species Act. H.R. 6784 would direct the Secretary of the Interior to issue a rule removing the gray wolf from the Endangered Species Act list, which would preclude judicial review of agency decisions on wolf delisting and deny citizens the right to hold the Government account-able for its actions. There is no mystery about the nega-tive impact that passing this legisla-tion would have on the gray wolf, be-cause we have already seen it. In 2011, Congress used an appropriations rider to delist wolves in Idaho and in Mon-tana. And since 2011, over 2,500 wolves have been killed in these two States where the management practices in-cluded shooting wolves lured by bait, chasing wolves with packs of hounds, using steel-jawed legholds, and using wire snare traps. Given these concerns, Mr. Speaker, I oppose this legislation. Endangered Species Act decisions must be made with caution. We should also be ex-tremely bipartisan in these approaches. And if there is legitimate dispute over delisting, then delisting is premature and ill-advised. That is why I oppose this legislation. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, the En-dangered Species Act was passed to in-crease protections for and provide for the recovery of vanishing wildlife. Unfortunately, in recent years we have seen countless attacks on the ESA and science-based decisions, and this bill is no exception. This bill would hastily remove Endangered Spe-cies Act protections for all gray wolves in the lower 48 States without a rule-making process or the opportunity for judicial review. Although the population of gray wolves has started to recover, it is now only 5 percent of the number that ex-isted historically. Scientists are just beginning to understand the role of gray wolves in the larger ecosystem, and listing and delisting decisions should be based on science, not poli-tics. Mr. Speaker, there are so many more important things we need to be doing today. Today, instead of undermining the Endangered Species Act, we should be reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund, passing the Vio-lence Against Women Act, and the list goes on. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to oppose this bill. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time I have remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. The gentleman from Virginia has 11⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Arkansas has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as we have heard today, our colleagues say that this bill is needed to mitigate human/livestock conflict, but that claim is just simply not compelling. Across the country, wolves account for only two-tenths of 1 percent of all cattle losses. Other pred-ators, such as mountain lions, coyotes, and even stray dogs account for signifi-cantly more livestock kills. My friend from Minnesota talked about his neighbor’s German Shepherd being killed by a wolf. We have small dogs and cats killed in our densely urban area all the time by coyotes and by foxes, and no one is talking about hunting the coyotes or hunting the foxes. For example, out of the 3.9 mil-lion cattle deaths in 2015, coyotes and dogs combined killed more than 164,000 livestock, compared to the 10,000 killed by wolves. That is 16 times as many. Not to mention that 93 percent of all cattle losses are due to disease or other natural causes. In the northern Rockies alone, which is where we have been talking about today mostly, wolf depredations ac-count for less than 1 percent of all live-stock losses: 256 sheep and 41 cattle over an 8-year period of time. The numbers don’t lie. The claims that wolves are responsible for a mas-sive slaughter of livestock is simply a myth used to justify lethal control of these animals. Instead of the shoot-first-ask-ques-tions-later mentality, there are lots of great farmers promoting nonlethal methods that have been scientifically proven to mitigate human/wolf con-flicts: livestock guardian dogs, fencing, and reducing attractants. There are solutions to this problem that don’t involve the unnecessary killing of one of the most iconic and charismatic animals, not just in North America, but in human imagination. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as we consider this bill and we talk about the science behind it, again, we are basing this legislation on science, on letting the scientists do their jobs. This bipartisan bill is ex-actly, exactly the type of legislation that will save the Endangered Species Act. The ESA aspires to recover imperiled plant and animal species. The act was never meant to serve as a long-term management tool. What my colleagues across the aisle should be celebrating is this ESA suc-cess story. Not just once, but multiple times, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has determined the gray wolf recovered and attempted to delist the species. b1015 We know this wasn’t a partisan deci-sion because we saw these attempts span multiple administrations from both sides of the aisle. Our experts, our very own scientists, at Fish and Wild-life Service have expressed to us again and again that the gray wolf is recov-ered and ready to be delisted. Unfortunately, instead of allowing the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to focus its resources on other endangered species, litigation activists continue to force the agency to defend this sci-entifically-driven decision and delay the delisting. We are nearly a decade past the agen-cy’s first attempt to delist the recov-ered gray wolf species. To continue to list a species our own experts have de-termined is recovered sends the mes-sage that the Endangered Species Act doesn’t work. I appreciate the bipartisan support this bill enjoys, and I hope more of my colleagues across the aisle will join us in helping strengthen the Endangered Species Act in the long run by sup-porting this legislation. With that, I urge adoption of this commonsense bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan legislation. The Endangered Species Act helps species recover, and let me tell you, it works. In 1980, there were 25 wolves in Wisconsin. Recently, that number grew to 232 wolf packs—roughly 900 wolves. Now that the wolf population is recovered, states must be allowed to take over manage-ment. The rising wolf population means live-stock and hunting dogs fall prey to attacks, and as long as federal protections remain in place, Wisconsinites cannot protect their prop-erty. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 6784 because, outside of dire circumstances, states are the most effective managers of wildlife and the policies affecting state residents. This legisla-tion restores power to states, and I hope all my colleagues join me in voting for it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.016 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9550 November 16, 2018 
Pursuant to House Resolution 1142, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 6784 is postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. 
The message also announced that the Senate agrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 140) ‘‘An Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund.’’, with an amendment. 
f 
STRENGTHENING COASTAL COMMUNITIES ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of No-vember 13, 2018, and clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 5787) to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 375, nays 1, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 419] YEAS—375 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—1 
Massie 
NOT VOTING—54 
Barton Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brownley (CA) Capuano Comstock Crowley Culberson Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Gottheimer Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hastings Hensarling Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones Joyce (OH) King (NY) Labrador Lewis (GA) Love Lynch Messer Noem Nolan Nunes Peters Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Roby Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rush Sarbanes Sensenbrenner Shuster Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tsongas Upton Walz Williams Yarmuth Yoho 
b1049 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. FUDGE, Messrs. BLUMENAUER, ESPAILLAT, HUFFMAN, BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 419, I was unavoidably detained to cast my vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
MANAGE OUR WOLVES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973, will now resume. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 196, noes 180, not voting 54, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.018 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9551 November 16, 2018 
[Roll No. 420] AYES—196 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—54 
Barton Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brownley (CA) Capuano Comstock Crowley Culberson Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Gabbard Gottheimer Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hastings Hensarling Holding Hultgren Hunter Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jones Joyce (OH) King (NY) Labrador Love Lynch Noem Nolan Nunes Pascrell Peters Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Roby Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rush Sensenbrenner Shuster Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tsongas Upton Walz Williams Yoho 
b1106 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 420, I was unavoidably detained to cast my vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, due to a mat-ter at home requiring my attention, I missed one recorded vote on Friday, November 16. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 420. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. EXTENSION OF SUNSET FOR COL-LATERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SBA DISASTER LOANS Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3554) to ex-tend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TAYLOR ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3554 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF SUNSET FOR COLLAT-ERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SBA DIS-ASTER LOANS. 
Section 2102(b) of the RISE After Disaster Act of 2015 (15 U.S.C. 636 note) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘4 years’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, NO-VEMBER 16, 2018, TO TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, Novem-ber 20, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
f 
THE EISENHOWER VETERAN CARE TRANSITION CENTER (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, my district, the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, is the proud home to Selfridge Air National Guard Base, one of our Nation’s premier National Guard bases, home to more than 40 national defense and homeland security tenants, including all branches of the military, the Coast Guard, and Customs and Bor-der Protection. I rise today to commemorate the groundbreaking ceremony for Selfridge’s newest tenant organization, the Eisenhower Veteran Care Transi-tion Center. When completed, the facil-ity will provide residential rehabilita-tion and reintegration programs for up to 42 veterans at a time who are suf-fering from service-related conditions, including post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, and more. This new veteran care transition cen-ter ensures that our wounded warriors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.006 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9552 November 16, 2018 
receive the essential care they earned, allowing them to continue to live inde-pendently in our community. I am thankful to the leadership of Selfridge, including General John Slo-cum, the 127th Wing and Selfridge Air National Guard Base commander, for working hard to bring this resource to southeast Michigan and Selfridge, and ensuring that veterans in this area get the best possible care. 
f 
EXTEND THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today urging action to extend the National Flood Insurance Program. If Congress fails to reauthorize the NFIP by November 30, millions of homeowners will be unable to obtain or renew their flood coverage; housing markets will grind to a halt; and fami-lies will be left at risk of financial ruin should a flood occur. Congress must put this uncertainty to rest. Policyholders need stability. Our housing markets need stability. American families also need stability. I urge my colleagues to bring to the floor, and to pass, the reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram as soon as possible. 
f 
HONORING JAMES V. HANSEN (Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this week, my State lost a friend and a statesman. James V. Hansen, Utah’s longest serving Member of this body, passed away on Wednesday. My condo-lences go out to his wife, Ann, as well as the rest of the Hansen family. During his 22 years of service in the House, Jim became the first Utahn in history to assume the responsibilities of a full committee chairman. In 1997, Jim was chosen to be chair of the infa-mous Ethics Committee, where former Leader Armey said: ‘‘It is one of the most extraordinary trusts that a body could put in another person.’’ In 2001, Jim was named chairman of the Nat-ural Resources Committee. He was a trailblazer, not just for Utah, but for me. I followed him into the State legislature; as Speaker of the House in Utah; as a Member of this body; also as a chairman of the West-ern Caucus, which Jim founded; and, fi-nally, as chairman of the Resources Committee. I will be forever grateful for the time he took to mentor me in each and every one of these roles. His impact on my life and many others cannot be overstated. As chairman of the Resources Com-mittee, Jim prioritized wise use of pub-lic lands while developing sound energy policies and passing numerous con-servation bills. As a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, he defended Hill Air Force Base, as well as the impor-tance of U.S. military needs. Jim accomplished much without ever succumbing to arrogance. He was a good man, a fine leader, and a cher-ished man. He will be missed. f 
b1115 RESPECT WHITE HOUSE PRESS CORPS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today the court has affirmed the value of the First Amendment and provided the credentials back to CNN reporter Jim Acosta. It is unfortunate that since taking office, the President has treated mem-bers of the press differently than did his predecessors. The President con-stantly disparages the fourth estate as fake news, derides the press as the enemy of the people, and routinely sin-gles out individual members of the press. It is fortunate that no injury has yet come, because last month the Trump zealot in Florida, inspired by his devo-tion to the President, took it upon himself to mail pipe bombs to per-ceived enemies of the President, in-cluding two former Presidents, the news desk of the Cable News Network, Secretaries of State, Attorneys Gen-eral, and Congresspeople. The President seems to reserve his most special and pointed derision for African-American women members of the media. In particular, April Ryan of the American Urban Radio Networks and CNN; Abby Phillip of The Wash-ington Post; and Yamiche Alcindor of the Public Broadcasting System. In-stead, the President derided April Ryan as a loser; called Abby Phillip stupid; and accused Yamiche Alcindor of rac-ism when she asked him about his claim to be a nationalist. Let us be very clear. The questions asked of the President were pointed, timely, and relevant. They were not dumb, racist, or stupid. They were protected by the First Amendment, and I ask the President to stand for the First Amendment and stand against racism. Since taking office, the President has treat-ed members of the press differently than did his predecessors. The President constantly disparages the Fourth Estate as ‘‘fake news,’’ derides the press as the ‘enemy of the people,’ and rou-tinely singles out for verbal abuse individual members of the press. Although this conduct by the President is rude, childish, and unbecoming of the leader of a great nation, we are fortunate that it has not yet resulted in physical injury or harm to any member of the press. I say fortunate because last month, a Trump zealot in Florida, inspired by his devotion to the President, took it upon himself to mail pipes bombs to perceived enemies of the President, including two former Presidents and the news desk of the Cable News Network (CNN). Mr. Speaker, the current President of the United States has disgraced his office on nu-merous occasions, most recently this past weekend when he refused to visit a cemetery in France where Americans gave their lives to defend freedom in World War I because he did not want to get wet in the rain. But it is beneath the dignity of his office for the President to deride the free and inde-pendent press, which the Framers knew was indispensable for a functioning democracy and enshrined its protection in the First Amend-ment to the U.S. Constitution, a protection that every President takes and oath to preserve, protect, and defend. The President reserves his most special and pointed derision for African American women members of the media who do their jobs and have the temerity to ask him questions regard-ing his actions or the policies of his adminis-tration. So it came as no surprise that in the after-math of the 2018 midterm elections, in which his party was routed and lost control of the House of Representatives, the President re-fused to answer questions put to him by three great and highly respected African American woman reporters: April Ryan of the Urban American Urban Radio Networks and CNN; Abby Phillip of the Washington Post; and Yamiche Alcindor of the Public Broadcasting System (PBS). Instead, the President derided April Ryan as a ‘‘loser,’’ called Abby Phillip ‘‘stupid,’’ and ac-cused Yamiche Alcindor of racism when she asked him about his claim to be a ‘‘nation-alist.’’ Let us be very clear: the questions asked of the President were pointed, timely, and rel-evant; they were not dumb, racist or stupid. They may have made the President uncom-fortable but it is not the role of the media to make public officials feel comfortable, espe-cially one who lashes out because he clearly feels the legal, ethical and political walls clos-ing in on him. The President’s misconduct conduct is con-sistent with his pattern and practice of rou-tinely disparaging African American criticism— especially from females. The American people see the President’s unmistakable pattern of disrespectful and abu-sive treatment of African American women members of the White House Press Corps; they do not like it, they see through it, and they know that these flailing attacks say more about this President than it does about the three very able, highly respected, and fearless African American women journalists. I call upon the President to cease and de-sist his disrespectful treatment of all journalists in general, and of African American women journalists in particular. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER JARED WILLIAM FRANKS (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, it has been said, ‘‘The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.024 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9553 November 16, 2018 
what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.’’ These words embodied the life of Offi-cer Jared William Franks of the Greensboro Police Department. Officer Franks was killed in the line of duty after bravely engaging in the pursuit of a suspect. Only 24 years old, Officer Franks dedicated his life to public service and creating a safer community for us all. He is the first Greensboro officer to die in the line of duty in 17 years, remind-ing us of the bravery and strength members of law enforcement show our communities every single day. We must never forget and always be thankful for their courage and dedica-tion. Please keep his family; his dad, Officer Captain Franks; and fellow offi-cers in your prayers as we remember Officer Franks’ life and legacy. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ALAINA HOUSLEY (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember Alaina Housley, a wonderful young woman from my district who was murdered in the mass shooting in Thousand Oaks. Alaina was a bright, dedicated, and inspiring student who was so excited to have voted for the first time this year. She was in her freshman year at Pepperdine and had so much of her life ahead of her. She was deeply loved by family and friends, and her death is a huge loss for our entire community. Over the last week, vigils and marches have been held in her honor in her hometown of Napa. She will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I have committed to her parents that I will do everything I can to address violence in our commu-nities. We will honor her senseless death with action. May she rest in peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ORAN YEARGAN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Oran Yeargan, a student at Glynn County Middle School in Brunswick, Georgia. A student with a disability, Oran has been the water boy for the Hurricane’s football team for the past 3 years. This October, the coach called him off the bench and Oran ran the ball for the last touchdown of the game against Needwood Middle School. He stood by the team with utmost dedication all year, and this touchdown was not only really deserved, but an important lesson to us all about com-mitment and overcoming life’s obsta-cles. Oran, we are proud of you. Congratu-lations. HONORING DISTRICT ATTORNEY DEAN FLIPPO (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Monterey County District Attorney Dean Flippo. At the end of this year, Dean will re-tire after 40 years of service to our home on the central coast of Cali-fornia. DA Flippo is the longest-serving DA in Monterey County history, and the longest current serving DA in Cali-fornia. During his tenure, he presided over pivotal cases. He fought the rise and he led the fall of our gang problem in our community. He enforced environ-mental policy. He established the con-sumer fraud unit. He created an early intervention anti-truancy program to keep kids in school and off the streets by getting their families involved. And he was a master at keeping a balanced budget. I will always be grateful to Dean for giving me a chance and a job as a pros-ecutor when I moved back home to Monterey County. During that time, I was able to learn from him as I served under him. Now I count myself lucky to have continued to work with him over these last 2 years on criminal jus-tice issues. I hope Dean enjoys his retirement watching PG High School football games, except when they are playing Carmel High, of course. As we know, Dean leaves big shoes to fill, but he has left a long legacy of public service and safety in our com-munity. We honor him. We congratulate him. And I thank Dean Flippo for his serv-ice. f 
THANKING VETERANS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express a heartfelt thank you to all the veterans across Kansas and throughout the United States. This week we celebrate Veterans Day and we recognize and honor the service and sacrifice each and every veteran has made to ensure the preservation of the freedom and liberty we take for granted every day. One of my greatest responsibilities in Congress has been to support the men and women of our military and fulfill the promise that we make to them in exchange for their service. Over the last 2 years, Congress has worked with this administration to provide a record amount of funding for health programs at the VA, and we have increased accountability meas-ures to make sure no one falls through the cracks. We have paid special atten-tion to improving the mental health services and opioid abuse prevention among our veterans. We owe these veterans a debt of grat-itude that we can never fully repay, but the best way to try to do that is to ensure they are cared for as promised when they come home. Mr. Speaker, may we continue to honor our veterans this week and al-ways. f 
HONORING OUR VETERANS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend our country reflected on the bravery and sacrifice of veterans who answered the call to defend our Nation. New York’s 22nd District is home to more than 55,000 veterans, and it is a true honor to serve each and every one of them in Congress. Whether part of the Marine Corps, Navy, Army, Air Force, or Coast Guard, our men and women in uniform have served and sac-rificed greatly to secure the freedoms we enjoy at home. When our veterans come home from serving our Nation, it is our responsi-bility to ensure they receive quality healthcare, provide them with the tools to start their own business, and find educational opportunities for them following their great service. They stood for us, and now we must stand for them. To all of our veterans: Thank you for everything you have sacrificed for our freedom. You truly represent the best in America. Mr. Speaker, I also have a special thank you to every veteran who has continued to serve in this great body on both sides of the aisle, and with a special thank you to our presiding Speaker today, who has also served in our military honorably. A final thank you to all of my friends in the Marine Corps for a happy 243rd birthday, and especially to my dear son, Captain Trey Cleary, who is also a U.S. Naval Academy graduate. Thank you so much to all of you who serve. We are indebted to you and grateful to you for your service to keep our freedoms and to continue making this a great Nation. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to highlight a couple of things. First of all, I will comment on a really important issue in my region. Upstate New York communities have suffered tremendously from the opioid crisis ravaging our Nation. In 2016, opioid overdoses rose by 121 percent in New York State and opioid deaths doubled in Broome County, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.028 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9554 November 16, 2018 
which is part of New York’s 22nd Dis-trict, during the very same time. During the most recent district work period, the President signed into law the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention Act that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment—SUPPORT—for Pa-tients and Communities Act, which in-cluded the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act, which I coauthored. This bipartisan legislation directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission, or MedPAC, to issue a report regarding perverse incentives that lead to overprescription of opioid-addictive drugs. This legislation is important in my district because studies have shown that 29 percent of patients prescribed an opioid for pain, go on to misuse the drug. The Federal Government should be doing all it can to prevent overpre-scribing. Enacting this important bill is a critical first step in this process. 
RECOGNIZING SMALL BUSINESSES  
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I also wanted to recognize a very important industry in my region, and it is a great honor for me to be able to represent a place called Revere Copper Company in Rome, New York. Yes, Revere was ac-tually founded by none other than the great Paul Revere of our great history in this country. This great company was North Amer-ica’s first copper rolling mill and it was founded, again, by our great patriot, Paul Revere, in Rome, New York. It still resides in Rome, New York over 200 years later. Small businesses like this are the backbone of employ-ment in New York’s 22nd District, ac-counting for 98 percent of jobs created in our private sector. While everyone thinks all jobs are created by big com-panies, in fact, our small business com-munity has 98 percent of those jobs cre-ated. In Congress, we need to make sure that we keep empowering our small businesses, creating a fair tax and reg-ulatory environment that allows them to grow, to hire more workers, and to reinvest in our communities. Too many of our local businesses are held back by skyrocketing healthcare costs which cut into their bottom line, and our reg-ulatory code, which requires a team of lawyers to decode, just to comply with the endless amounts of bureaucracy— something that I have experienced per-sonally as the owner of a small manu-facturing business in upstate New York. The time for debate and verbal plati-tudes need to end when it comes to our small business community, our em-ployers need solutions. We must work to make the middle class and small business tax cuts permanent. I am very proud to be a person who voted for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which tremendously helped our com-munity. We have seen an unprece-dented amount of gains in our economy locally; a glimmer of hope in an area where we have seen very little progress over the decades because of some of the policies that have been enacted that really have hurt our small business community and have caused New York to have the highest out-migration of people in the entire Nation. Over 1 mil-lion New Yorkers have left New York State because of these policies just since 2010. We must fight to continue to contain healthcare costs, to provide for a pub-lic healthcare system, but also an af-fordable care system for people who are just simply not able to see their doc-tors. We must stand for a country that represents everyone and not just the powerful. That is something I have done as a corruption fighter. As a per-son who stood up to the leaders in both parties, to the most powerful and wealthiest people in our community, I stood up to them and fought for the middle class, and fought for the aver-age worker, people across our Nation. To our small businesses, I just want to say thank you so much for all you do every day. As a small business owner, I know how difficult the fight is, how difficult the struggle is. You are the American Dream in our com-munities. You provide the hope for our future, and you provide the most jobs that we are going to see as we grow into the coming years, and hope that we can keep our economy moving. To my small business community, I just want to say thank you so much for all that you have done in adding jobs, in providing responsible employment for our communities, for individuals, for giving hope, for giving people first starts, for everything you have done in our community. It has been an amazing opportunity for me to represent a community that really cares. My community is well- known for its generosity. I find that in our small business community, much like the business I own, we do so much for our communities that doesn’t get recognized. We don’t have big profits. Many of us operate at less than profit. But what we do is we give dearly to our communities. We provide for the Little League teams, and for the people who are struggling from diseases that cannot be cured. b1130 We provide in greater numbers. While, yes, big companies can provide a large check, our small-business com-munity does what it can on a scale that is much greater by proportion. So I am really grateful to all the peo-ple I have served in my community who do so much to help all of us. I want to make sure that our small-business community is recognized. Often in gov-ernment, we hear an awful lot about the big businesses. But it is really the small businesses that are the backbone of our community. They are the heart of entrepreneurship. I just want to say that, as a small- business owner, I am deeply grateful for all the work that you do, the late nights, the hard work of your employ-ees to put out a beautiful product. It is something that you are helping your local and fellow citizens, even across the country. I am just really grateful. RECOGNIZING JASON GRAY  
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, on an-other issue, I would like to make sure we recognize a man named Jason Gray. He is a paramedic from Norwich, New York. Last month, when Hurricane Michael left Florida’s homes, beaches, and busi-nesses in ruins, Jason Gray uprooted his life in Norwich to assist in medical relief efforts. What Jason Gray and his team at the National Disaster Medical System did to help the most vulnerable Florida residents is simply incredible. He pro-vided on-the-ground medical help to hundreds of victims devastated by Hur-ricane Michael. Our community is really lucky to have a selfless person like Jason Gray and so many others. I would like to give him special recognition for his willingness to go help others in need outside of our own State and to really use his skills and his talent to bring re-lief and some sense of sanity to people who are really suffering in the pan-handle, in the tough parts of Florida. I want to say thank you again to Jason for what he does for our commu-nities and what he has done for Flor-ida. It is a tremendous honor to rep-resent him, and it is my distinct honor to represent him here on the floor of the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE RULING CLASS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are living in interesting times. As Dickens said, it is the best of times and the worst of times. There has never been a country in the history of the world with the amount of opportunity and freedom for individuals that has been found in the United States. Even in Solomon’s Israel—great wealth there—there was not the opportunity and the individual assets that we have here in the United States of America. It is incredible that even for the Na-tion’s poor, obesity is a major health issue. That is just unheard of in world history. It is deeply grieving to hear that so many of our Nation’s college students and college graduates have been indoc-trinated with the notion that socialism is so much better. Communism, really, is what we are talking about. They call it progressivism and socialism, what they are proposing, that that would be a superior form of government to what we have. What those students have not been taught—and it is an enormous gap 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.029 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9555 November 16, 2018 
in education; it is an enormous area of ignorance for those students—is that you can’t have socialism or com-munism without giving up a tremen-dous amount freedom. That was one of the things that scared some people in the Soviet Union, when the Soviet Union came to exist no more. They had given up so much liberty, the idea that they were now free to find whatever job they wanted, and they didn’t have to just take what the government told them to take. They could find whatever job they wanted. They could be entre-preneurs. I talked to some. They were scared because with liberty and with freedom comes uncertainty. But the Founders felt that govern-ment had always been a threat to peo-ple’s freedom, to their liberty. They felt liberty, freedom, was far superior to security. It is often attributed to Franklin that those who would give up liberty for security or safety deserve neither. When you really break down a social-ist, communist system, you don’t have a middle class. You have a ruling class, and you have a ruled class. That is what we are headed for. I believe we saw the beginnings of that in this last election when billion-aires poured hundreds of millions of dollars into this election like never be-fore, because unlike many of our col-lege students now, they know what happens in a socialist, communist sys-tem. You have the ruling class, and you have the ruled class. Yes, it is true. It is so wonderful that the ruled class basically has the same amount of money. They get paid simi-lar amounts. But I kind of like the idea of physicians being paid more than most people, because that means you draw the best and brightest into that profession. I found that not to be the case as an exchange student in the So-viet Union back when it was the Soviet Union. I got a glimpse of their social-ized medicine, and thanked God, lit-erally, that I lived in the United States and didn’t have to be part of a social-ized medicine system where the doctors were paid the same amount whether they saw one or two people or they saw the 40, 50 people who were waiting to see them. They didn’t care. They were going to make the same amount every day. Exactly that was what the farmers said at a collective farm when I asked in the middle of the morning when they worked out in the field, because it was midmorning. I have worked on farms and ranches. In the middle of July, like this was, you would nor-mally start at sunup, so you could fin-ish by midafternoon before the sun got too hot. Here these farmers were sit-ting in the shade. I couldn’t tell what was cultivated. There were thousands and thousands of acres out there. I couldn’t tell what was cultivated and what wasn’t. I tried to use my best Russian to ask: When do you work out in the field? I pointed. They laughed. I thought maybe I had said it wrong, but one of the farmers said: I make the same number of rubles if I am out there in the sun as I do here in the shade, so I am here in the shade. That basically explains why the So-viet Union could never come anywhere close to being as productive with wheat and with crops as we were in the United States. People, going back to the Pilgrims after the first winter, loved the idea of bringing all into the common store-house. Everybody was sharing and sharing alike until after that first win-ter when so many Pilgrims died. They found that the idea of private property where people could keep what they pro-duced was just fantastic. They were so much more productive. They worked harder, and it was better for the over-all community. But we seem to be slipping into a time when the concept of freedom will be forsaken for bigger and bigger gov-ernment, and more and more govern-ment intrusion. You have to have, though, a totalitarian government for socialism or communism, either one, to succeed. That is how you eliminate the middle class. You have the ruled class, and you have the rich class and the powerful class. Sometimes they may not have as much money as they do power, but I think the reason we see billionaires pushing us in the direction of socialism is because they see themselves in the ruling class and see themselves as being so much wiser, and they see what they perceive should be the ruled class as not being nearly as smart and as in-ventive as they are. So things will be just paradise. It will be utopian, once you have the billion-aires—and I think some people who want to push us in that direction who are not billionaires still have to con-sider they know so much better than individuals across the country, and we would profit so much more from having this intelligentsia be the ruling class and all the rest of us be minions and do what we are told. We never have to de-cide what job we have. We have been moving in that direc-tion. That is why I think you saw under the Obama administration the takeover of student loans. Then you will see, I think, in the next couple years a move toward more and more control over college students. You will see an effort to say: Look, there is so much student debt, why don’t we tell these students that if you go to the lo-cation we tell you, if you go take the job we tell you, then we will start for-giving your debt, as long as you do what we tell you? There again, we are on the road to giving up a middle class and to giving up our liberty and freedom, letting there be a ruling class that we will call the government. When I was studying history at Texas A&M, I did a research paper on the So-viet government. I was intrigued that Khrushchev, as Premier of the Soviet Union, understood that true com-munism theoretically did not have a government in existence. True com-munism means from those according to their ability, to those according to their need. People shared and shared alike. Regardless of how hard they worked, everybody shared equally. But in true communism, there is no govern-ment. The Premier, Khrushchev, set up a commission to come up—they loved their 5-year plan for their economy— with a plan of how they could move to ultimate communism when there was no government. There would just be the people existing—loving, living to-gether, and sharing together—without a government. It didn’t take too long—I can’t re-member, a year or 2—until the commis-sion and Khrushchev realized that, in this world, you can never have com-munism or socialism without a totali-tarian government. He disbanded the commission. They never achieved their plan of how they could move into ulti-mate communism with no government, and so they moved forward with a to-talitarian government. Of course, those who actually study real history know that no truly social-ist or communist government has ever succeeded. They always fail. Margaret Thatcher said that they fail when they run out of other people’s money to spend. But we seem to be moving there. It wasn’t lost on some that, during the Obama administration, we had millions more added to poverty and in need of government assistance. We had so many moved out of the middle class into poverty. At the same time, Presi-dent Obama himself admitted—it is on video, and it is the only time it has ever happened in the history of the United States of America. Under Presi-dent Obama’s administration, for the first time in American history, 95 per-cent of the American income went to the top 1 percent income earners. b1145 It had never happened before. I hope and pray it doesn’t happen again. It has been fantastic in the last 2 years, or since President Trump has taken of-fice, that we have seen the economy surge. We heard from President Obama that it is unlikely we would ever hit 3 percent growth again and that those days were behind us. So the middle class shrunk. The rul-ing class got more and more power. People were standing in line saying: Oh, please, master government, give me more of this, give me more of that. And it has been so refreshing to see millions no longer needing government assistance in different areas and that they are getting better jobs. But that shouldn’t have been a rev-elation, because if you look at single- mom income when adjusted for infla-tion from 1965, when welfare began, to 1995, when a work requirement was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.031 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9556 November 16, 2018 
added by the brand-new Republican majority under Speaker Newt Ging-rich, that single-mom income adjusted for inflation for those 30 years flatlined. Single moms had no increase in income adjusted for inflation for 30 years. When the Republican majority in 1995 added a work requirement that you couldn’t get welfare unless you worked, if you were able to work, for the first time single-mom income, when ad-justed for inflation, started taking off. I saw a graph by a dean at Harvard when I was there for a seminar. I was amazed, for one thing, that they would show that, reveal that at Harvard. But it was amazing. So, on the one hand, you had people that say: We care more about single moms, so we are going to give them more money for every child they can have out of wedlock. What it did was pull them into a rut they could not get out of. When I was a felony judge in Texas, one of the things that really began to deeply trouble me is seeing more women coming before me—single moms—for welfare fraud as a felony. I never sent any of those women to pris-on. I always gave them probation. But the stories were normally very, very similar. There were a number of dif-ferent races. That wasn’t the issue. But the big point that seemed to be repeated over and over was often they were bored in high school. Someone would say: If you have a baby, you don’t have to finish high school. The government will start sending you a check. And then they would have a baby out of wedlock. The government would send them a check, and then they find out you can’t live very well like that. So the ones that came before me—I know it is not a blanket case—but the ones that came before me, most of them would have another child, think-ing maybe if I can get another check, I can get out of this hole. And they would get in a deeper and longer rut they could not extricate themselves from. I have had great conversations with Star Parker, who can testify about the trouble with that. I have spoken to so-ciology classes at Texas college, a tra-ditionally Black college, as well as Wiley College and Jarvis College in my district. They have done an amazing job of educating, so often it is the first person in a family to have ever gone to college. What is amazing is that once that first child gets to college, then their children end up going to major universities. It is just a wonderful, great step to help pull people out of poverty. I heard from students—the most vocal were single moms in their late twenties, some in their thirties—who realized that I am not going to have a good life if I stay in poverty. They set about to improve themselves through education. It was amazing to hear some of them, just adamant, you have got to have a mandatory work requirement, and another saying you have got to drug test people who are on welfare. These are all African American sin-gle moms. One of them was saying: No-body ever drug-tested me, so I can take government money and spend it on drugs. They were asserting that we should do things that this Congress has never ventured out to do. But they were adamant, because they have been lulled into, enticed into a hole, a rut that they were almost not able to get out of. A government should not be about luring people into holes or ruts from which they cannot extricate them-selves. We ought to be about pushing, encouraging people to reach their greatest potential. That can not, will not, does not, has not ever happened in a socialist or communist system. If you get rid of the middle class, you have a ruling class, and you have a ruled class. If you wanted to call it sort of a mid-dle class in the Soviet Union, they didn’t make more money than the rest in the ruled class, but if people had a little bit of power or a lot, then people that were part of the ruled class that had a shoe store or a grocery store or some other kind of place where goods or services could be purchased—but es-pecially goods—the storekeeper would reserve things in the back to give to people that might have a little power that could help them. But I will never forget when, one morning, in a youth hostel in Moscow, a Ukrainian friend was staying in our room with me and two others—there were 8 Americans in the Soviet Union that summer—and a cleaning lady came in and she saw the Ukrainian and screamed and ran out of the room. I said: Why did she scream? Why is she going? He said: In your country, you are able to elevate yourself by working harder, making more money. You can elevate yourself. In my country, the only way you can elevate yourself is to step on other people. So she is going to run down and tell people I shouldn’t be here. She will step on me. It will ele-vate her a little bit. That is what we do in our country to get ahead. We step on each other, trying to get ahead. I said: That makes no sense. What has she got to gain by running down and saying that you are here? He said: She will be elevated for rat-ting me out. We are looking at major changes in this country. We are looking at a cou-ple of years where there will be some socialist notions that will be brought here to the floor. But as we saw during the Obama administration, the econ-omy doesn’t do well, people don’t do well, people don’t see right. We were moving dramatically in a socialist direction. ObamaCare was the first step toward total socialized medi-cine. But as I have told some of the Big Pharma lobbyists back when it passed and some of the big insurance people and AARP, who sold their souls to en-dorse the program, yes, you are going to make more money than you ever made in the short term. But by endors-ing this program, you may well have signed your own death warrant. Down the road, maybe it is 15 years, but at some point you will cease to exist or you will be making next to nothing. But unfortunately, some of the big rich folks and some of the top cor-porate positions knew that if they made extra billions for their industry in the short term, they would have a golden parachute and they would be gone before their industry was de-stroyed by socialized medicine. And they didn’t seem to care. Of course, AARP sold out to seniors, because ObamaCare had a $716 billion cut to Medicare and the seniors are feeling it now. But we had a new group of voters come out. They don’t understand what happens in either socialized medicine or in a socialized system and they think it is going to be wonderful. Well, if you like less freedom, less assets, less opportunity, then socialism, pro-gressivism, communism, whatever phase you want to call it, you will love a socialistic system. We have seen also the courts moving us in that direction. They have taken over more and more. Though the Founders saw the judiciary as being the least threat to liberty of the three branches, we have allowed the judici-ary to basically become oligarchs and run America. Presidents are no longer allowed to make decisions as the Con-stitution and the Congress both have directed, when it comes to immigra-tion, refugees. So, it is not just voters. We have seen the courts do their share in moving us toward a socialized sys-tem. But here again, like the billionaires, some of these judges—not all; I have been there, I have been a judge, been a chief justice—but some of these Fed-eral judges see themselves one day alongside the billionaires as being part of the ruling class as we get rid of the middle class and have the ruling class and the ruled class. My hope, my prayer, the reason I am still here in Congress—I ran again—is to try to get us off this track. I deeply regret that we wasted September, haven’t done a whole lot this week, but I think the best Christmas present that this Congress, this current Republican majority could give America is—obvi-ously, we are out now today until Thanksgiving—but stay in session through Christmas Day if we have to, through January 1, if we have to, and work out some of these issues, includ-ing money to build a wall where it is needed. That is not only good for America. It will help reduce the 70,000-plus Ameri-cans who are killed from drug poisons coming from Mexico drug cartels, but it also would be the best thing we could ever do for our neighbors in Mexico. They ought to be a top 10 economy in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.033 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9557 November 16, 2018 
the world. The only reason they are not is because of corruption from the drug cartels. Look historically at what they have got. They have got more natural re-sources than most countries in the world. They have got a better location than even the United States. They are between two continents, between two oceans. They have got it all going on. And they have some of the hardest working people in the whole world. Why are they not a top 10 economy? Because of the drug cartel’s corruption, the control they have over govern-ment. b1200 We cut anywhere from 80 billion— some estimates say they made that much last year on drugs sent into the U.S. Some say they may be making as much from human trafficking, getting people into the United States. Heck, they have people pay them to get them into the United States so they can be sent by DHS to a city where the drug cartels need them to sell drugs or be engaged in sex traf-ficking, human trafficking, and that is what has been going on all through the Obama years. That is why Border Patrol said the drug cartels call us, the DHS, their lo-gistics. They get them into our coun-try illegally, and then we ship them wherever the drug cartels want them to go. They give them the address; our people would send them there. That is being changed under this President, but it may not change for long with the new Congress. We will see. We owe America better than we gave them the last almost 2 years, and I hope and pray we are going to come back and not just snap the ball and fall on it, but do some good that we should have done long before now in the next couple of months. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. S
TIVERS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of Na-tional Guard duty. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 14, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: H.R. 2615. To authorize the exchange of cer-tain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3359. To amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Tuesday, November 20, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Kevin Hern Joseph D. Morelle Mary Gay Scanlon 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third and fourth quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, HUGH HALPERN, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 14 AND OCT. 21, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hugh Halpern .......................................................... 10 /14 10 /17 Iceland .................................... .............. .................... 795.40 .................... 7,035.51 .................... .................... ................. ... 7,830.91 10 /17 10 /19 Denmark ............................................... .................... 741.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 741.40 10 /19 10 /20 Sweden ................................................. .................... 747.86 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 747.86 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,284.66 .................... 7,035.51 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,320.17 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HUGH HALPERN, Oct. 26, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, BEN NAPIER, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 14 AND OCT. 21, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Ben Napier ............................................................... 10 /14 10 /17 Iceland ................................. ................. .................... 795.40 .................... 6,876.93 .................... .................... .............. ...... 7,672.33 10 /17 10 /19 Denmark ............................................... .................... 741.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 741.40 10 /19 10 /20 Sweden ................................................. .................... 747.86 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 747.86 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,284.66 .................... 6,876.93 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,161.38 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. BEN NAPIER, Oct. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PARKER POLING, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 14 AND OCT. 21, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Parker Poling ........................................................... 10 /14 10 /17 Iceland .................................. ................ .................... 795.40 .................... 6,876.93 .................... .................... ............... ..... 7,672.33 10 /17 10 /19 Denmark ............................................... .................... 741.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 741.40 10 /19 10 /20 Sweden ................................................. .................... 747.86 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 747.86 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,284.66 .................... 6,876.93 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,161.59 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.034 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9558 November 16, 2018 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. PARKER POLING, Oct. 29, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO AFGHANISTAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 9 AND OCT. 12, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 10 /9 10 /12 Afghanistan ................................. ......... .................... 66.00 .................... 16,998.00 .................... .................... .................... 17 ,064.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 66.00 .................... 16,998.00 .................... .................... .................... 17,064 .00 Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 10 /9 10 /12 Afghanistan ............................. ............. .................... 66.00 .................... 16,998.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 17,064.00 AshLee Strong .......................................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Afghanistan ................................ .......... .................... 66.00 .................... 16,998.00 .................... .................... .................... 1 7,064.00 Jennifer Stewart ....................................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Afghanistan ................................ .......... .................... 66.00 .................... 16,998.00 .................... .................... .................... 1 7,064.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 330.00 .................... 84,990.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ 85,320.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. PAUL D. RYAN, Oct. 23, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ......................................... ........... .................... 120.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 120.00 9 /18 9 /19 Argentina .............................................. .................... 258.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 258.00 9 /20 9 /22 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 476.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 476.00 Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 6 /29 7 /5 Russia .......................................... ......... .................... 4,254.00 .................... 6,860.60 .................... 79.50 .................... 11,194.10 7 /5 7 /8 Norway .................................................. .................... 1,021.59 .................... 164.50 ..... ............... .................... .................... 1,186.09 Jennifer Miller .......................................................... 6 /29 7 /5 Russia ..................................... .............. .................... 4,254.00 .................... 12,530.00 .................... 79.50 .................... 16,863.5 0 BG Wright ................................................................ 7 /13 7 /15 Pakistan .................................. .............. .................... 350.00 .................... 11,202.11 .................... 167.76 .................... 11,719.87  7 /15 7 /18 Oman .................................................... .................... 1,083.57 .................... 178.18 ... ................. 706.77 .................... 1,968.52 Matthew Bower ........................................................ 7 /13 7 /15 Pakistan ...................................... .......... .................... 350.00 .................... 11,202.11 .................... 167.76 .................... 11,719.87 7 /15 7 /18 Oman .................................................... .................... 1,083.57 .................... 178.18 ... ................. 706.77 .................... 1,968.52 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 8 /21 8 /27 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 858.00 .................... 17,192.00 .................... 5,277.00 .................... 23,327.0 0 David Bortnick ......................................................... 7 /1 7 /5 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 716.00 .................... 879.62 .................... 1,101.31 .................... 2,696.93 7 /5 7 /7 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 540.00 .................... .................... ... ................. 425.33 .................... 965.33 Erin Kolodjeski ......................................................... 7 /1 7 /5 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 716.00 .................... 879.62 .................... 1,101.31 .................... 2,696.93 7 /5 7 /7 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 540.00 .................... .................... ... ................. 425.33 .................... 965.33 Hon. Barbara Lee .................................................... 7 /27 7 /29 Netherlands .................................... ...... .................... 827.99 .................... 13,113.61 .................... 2,988.47 .................... 16,930.07 Hon. Jeff Fortenberry ............................................... 8 /21 8 /27 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 738.79 .................... 1,910.91 .................... 6,629.27 .................... 9,278.97 Dr. Andy Harris ........................................................ 8 /21 8 /27 Italy ....................................... ................ .................... 1,540.93 .................... 1,969.71 .................... 504.26 .................... 4,014. 90 Hon. Pete Aguilar .................................................... 6 /30 7 /2 Malaysia ....................................... ........ .................... 527.63 .................... 10,290.71 .................... 90.60 .................... 10,908.94 7 /2 7 /3 Singapore .............................................. .................... 412.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 12.00 .................... 424.00 7 /3 7 /6 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,605.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 1,428.98 .................... 3,033.98 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 6 /30 7 /2 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 527.63 .................... 16,961.71 .................... 90.60 .................... 17,579.94 7 /2 7 /3 Singapore .............................................. .................... 412.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 12.00 .................... 424.00 7 /3 7 /6 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,605.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 1,428.98 .................... 3,033.98 BG Wright ................................................................ 6 /30 7 /2 Malaysia ................................... ............ .................... 527.63 .................... 17,096.81 .................... 90.60 .................... 17,715.04 7 /2 7 /3 Singapore .............................................. .................... 412.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 12.00 .................... 424.00 7 /3 7 /6 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,605.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 1,428.98 .................... 3,033.98 Clelia Alvarado ........................................................ 7 /27 7 /30 UK .......................................... ............... .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 .............. ...... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 7 /27 7 /30 UK .................................................... ..... .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 .................... 3,27 9.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Shannon O’Keefe ..................................................... 7 /27 7 /30 UK ............................................. ............ .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ................. ... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 7 /27 7 /30 UK ............................................. ............ .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ................. ... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 7 /27 7 /30 UK ............................................... .......... .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ................... . 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ...............
..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Nancy Fox ................................................................ 7 /27 7 /30 UK ........................................ ................. .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ............ ........ 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Craig Higgins .......................................................... 7 /27 7 /30 UK .......................................... ............... .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 .............. ...... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 7 /27 7 /30 UK ........................................... .............. .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ............... ..... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Harold Rogers of Kentucky ............................. 7 /27 7 /30 UK ...................................................... ... .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 .................... 3,279. 64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Susan Adams .......................................................... 7 /27 7 /30 UK ............................................ ............. .................... 2,063.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,216.22 ................ .... 3,279.64 7 /30 8 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 566.47 .................... ............ ........ .................... 185.47 .................... 751.94 8 /1 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.60 .................... ............... ..... .................... 427.56 .................... 1,075.16 8 /3 8 /5 Denmark ............................................... .................... 890.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,007.90 .................... 1,897.90 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 8 /30 8 /31 Mexico ........................................ ........... .................... 472.00 .................... 771.92 .................... 149.00 .................... 1,392.92 Donna Shahbaz ....................................................... 8 /30 8 /31 Mexico ......................................... .......... .................... 445.00 .................... 600.82 .................... .................... .................... 1,0 45.82 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 9 /15 9 /15 London ................................................ .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 59.07 ................... . 59.07 9 /15 9 /15 Spain .................................................... .................... 984.39 .................... 14,241.31 . ................... 661.23 .................... 15,886.93 9 /17 9 /19 Italy ....................................................... .................... 487.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 9 /19 9 /21 Portugal ................................................ .................... 650.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 298.50 .................... 948.50 Hon. Peter J. Visclosky ............................................ 9 /15 9 /15 London .......................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 59.07 ............. ....... 59.07 9 /15 9 /15 Spain .................................................... .................... 984.39 .................... 11,807.11 . ................... 661.23 .................... 13,453.33 9 /17 9 /19 Italy ....................................................... .................... 487.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 9 /19 9 /21 Portugal ................................................ .................... 650.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 298.50 .................... 948.50 Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 9 /15 9 /15 London ........................................ .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 59.07 ........... ......... 59.07 9 /15 9 /15 Spain .................................................... .................... 984.39 .................... 14,744.51 . ................... 661.23 .................... 16,390.13 9 /17 9 /19 Italy ....................................................... .................... 487.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 9 /19 9 /21 Portugal ................................................ .................... 650.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 298.50 .................... 948.50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9559 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
BG Wright ................................................................ 9 /15 9 /15 London .................................... .............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 59.07 ....... ............. 59.07 9 /15 9 /15 Spain .................................................... .................... 984.39 .................... 11,772.71 . ................... 661.23 .................... 13,418.33 9 /17 9 /19 Italy ....................................................... .................... 487.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 9 /19 9 /21 Portugal ................................................ .................... 520.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 298.50 .................... 818.50 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 72,075.62 .................... 123,983.12 .................... 54,854.74 .............. ...... 247,472.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, CHAIRMAN, OCT. 25, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to South Korea, July 5–10, 2018: Hon. Michael R. Turner .................................. 7 /7 7 /10 South Korea .......................................... ....... ............. 1,381.18 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,381 .18 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 4,658.73 .................... .................... .. .................. 4,658.73 John Wason ..................................................... 7 /7 7 /10 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,381.18 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 1,381.18 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 4,658.73 .................... .................... .. .................. 4,658.73 Doug Bush ...................................................... 7 /7 7 /10 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,381.18 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 1,381.18 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 4,658.73 .................... .................... .. .................. 4,658.73 Travel to Estonia, Latvia, Germany, August 4–10, 2018: Katherine Sutton ............................................. 8 /5 8 /7 Estonia ................................................. . .................... 746.40 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 746.40 8 /7 8 /8 Latvia .................................................... .................... 232.48 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 232.48 8 /8 8 /10 Germany ................................................ .................... 544.48 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 544.48 Jamie Jackson ................................................. 8 /5 8 /7 Estonia ................................................ .. .................... 746.40 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 746.40 8 /7 8 /8 Latvia .................................................... .................... 232.48 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 232.48 8 /8 8 /10 Germany ................................................ .................... 544.48 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 544.48 Travel to Tunisia, Morocco, Mauritania with STAFFDEL SASC, August 5–10, 2018: Mark Morehouse ............................................. 8 /6 8 /7 Tunisia .................................................. . ................... 193.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1 93.49 8 /7 8 /8 Morocco ................................................. .................... 265.63 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 265.63 8 /8 8 /10 Mauritania ............................................ .................... 361.94 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 361.94 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 10,413.61 .................... .................... . ................... 10,413.61 Travel to Georgia, Poland, Italy, August 13–23, 2018: Glendon Diehl ................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 Georgia .............................................. ... .................... 588.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 588.44 8 /16 8 /19 Poland ................................................... .................... 2,417.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 2,417.31 8 /19 8 /23 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,190.06 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... 1,190.06 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,951.21 .................... .................... . ................... 11,951.21 David Giachetti ............................................... 8 /14 8 /16 Georgia .............................................. ... .................... 588.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 588.44 8 /16 8 /19 Poland ................................................... .................... 2,417.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 2,417.31 8 /19 8 /23 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,190.06 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... 1,190.06 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,951.21 .................... .................... . ................... 11,951.21 Craig Greene ................................................... 8 /14 8 /16 Georgia ............................................. .... .................... 588.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 588.44 8 /16 8 /19 Poland ................................................... .................... 2,417.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 2,417.31 8 /19 8 /23 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,190.06 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... 1,190.06 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,951.21 .................... .................... . ................... 11,951.21 Brian Garrett .................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 Georgia ............................................. .... .................... 588.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 588.44 8 /16 8 /19 Poland ................................................... .................... 2,417.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 2,417.31 8 /19 8 /23 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,190.06 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... 1,190.06 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,951.21 .................... .................... . ................... 11,951.21 Travel to Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, Lithuania, August 14–21, 2018: Jason Schmid ................................................. 8 /15 8 /16 Bulgaria .............................................. .. .................... 263.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 263.29 8 /16 8 /18 Romania ............................................... .................... 666.09 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 666.09 8 /18 8 /20 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 373.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 373.43 8 /20 8 /21 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 584.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 584.15 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ...............................................
................ .................... .................... .................... 12,619.81 .................... .................... . ................... 12,619.81 Lindsay Kavanaugh ........................................ 8 /15 8 /16 Bulgaria ................................................ .. .................. 263.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 26 3.29 8 /16 8 /18 Romania ............................................... .................... 666.09 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 666.09 8 /18 8 /20 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 373.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 373.43 8 /20 8 /21 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 584.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 584.15 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,619.81 .................... .................... . ................... 12,619.81 Catherine Sendak ........................................... 8 /15 8 /16 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 263.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 263.29 8 /16 8 /18 Romania ............................................... .................... 666.09 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 666.09 8 /18 8 /20 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 373.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 373.43 8 /20 8 /21 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 584.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 584.15 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,619.81 .................... .................... . ................... 12,619.81 Katy Quinn ...................................................... 8 /15 8 /16 Bulgaria ........................................... ..... .................... 263.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 263.29 8 /16 8 /18 Romania ............................................... .................... 666.09 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 666.09 8 /18 8 /20 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 373.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 373.43 8 /20 8 /21 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 584.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 584.15 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,619.81 .................... .................... . ................... 12,619.81 Travel to Norway, Lithuania, Finland, Italy, Bel-gium, Turkey, Netherlands, August 18–28, 2018: Hon. Michael R. Turner .................................. 8 /19 8 /21 Norway .................................................. ... ................. 501.05 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 501 .05 8 /21 8 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 126.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 126.00 8 /22 8 /23 Finland .................................................. .................... 351.92 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 351.92 8 /23 8 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 405.64 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 405.64 8 /24 8 /26 Belgium ................................................ .................... 627.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 627.20 8 /26 8 /27 Turkey ................................................... .................... 100.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 100.00 8 /27 8 /28 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 119.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 119.00 Hon. John Garamendi ..................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Norway .................................................. ... ................. 501.05 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 501 .05 8 /21 8 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 126.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 126.00 8 /22 8 /23 Finland .................................................. .................... 351.92 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 351.92 8 /23 8 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 405.64 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 405.64 8 /24 8 /26 Belgium ................................................ .................... 627.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 627.20 8 /26 8 /27 Turkey ................................................... .................... 100.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 100.00 8 /27 8 /28 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 119.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 119.00 Hon. Paul Cook ............................................... 8 /21 8 /22 Norway ................................................ .. .................... 293.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 293.56 John Wason ..................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Norway .............................................. .... .................... 465.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 465.56 8 /21 8 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 126.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 126.00 8 /22 8 /23 Finland .................................................. .................... 343.04 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.04 8 /23 8 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 399.92 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 399.92 8 /24 8 /26 Belgium ................................................ .................... 627.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 627.20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9560 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
8 /26 8 /27 Turkey ................................................... .................... 100.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 100.00 8 /27 8 /28 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 119.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 119.00 Doug Bush ...................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Norway .............................................. .... .................... 465.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 465.56 8 /21 8 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 126.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 126.00 8 /22 8 /23 Finland .................................................. .................... 343.04 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.04 8 /23 8 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 399.92 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 399.92 8 /24 8 /26 Belgium ................................................ .................... 627.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 627.20 8 /26 8 /27 Turkey ................................................... .................... 100.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 100.00 8 /27 8 /28 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 119.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 119.00 Travel to Iraq, Qatar, Jordan, Turkey, August 17– 25, 2018: Hon. Austin Scott ........................................... 8 /18 8 /19 Iraq ................................................... .... .................... 11.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 11.00 8 /19 8 /20 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 388.65 8 /20 8 /22 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /22 8 /25 Turkey ................................................... .................... 1,114.84 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,114.84 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 18,617.32 .................... .................... . ................... 18,617.32 Hon. Jimmy Panetta ....................................... 8 /18 8 /19 Iraq ...................................................... . .................... 11.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 8 /19 8 /20 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 388.65 8 /20 8 /22 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /22 8 /25 Turkey ................................................... .................... 1,114.84 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,114.84 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,084.22 .................... .................... . ................... 11,084.22 Jennifer Bird ................................................... 8 /18 8 /19 Iraq ............................................... ........ .................... 11.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 11.00 8 /19 8 /20 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 388.65 8 /20 8 /22 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /22 8 /25 Turkey ................................................... .................... 1,114.84 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,114.84 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,621.31 .................... .................... . ................... 12,621.31 Barron YoungSmith ........................................ 8 /18 8 /19 Iraq ...................................................... . .................... 11.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 8 /19 8 /20 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 388.65 8 /20 8 /22 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /22 8 /25 Turkey ................................................... .................... 1,114.84 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,114.84 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 14,196.21 .................... .................... . ................... 14,196.21 Travel to Hong Kong, China, Japan, South Korea with CODEL Hensarling, August 26–September 4, 2018: Hon. Carol Shea-Porter ................................... 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... . ................... 754.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 54.00 8 /31 9 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 744.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 744.00 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 5,003.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 5,003.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,193.90 .................... .................... . ................... 12,193.90 Travel to United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Djibouti, August 27–September 2, 2018: Jennifer Bird ................................................... 8 /28 8 /30 United Arab Emirates ........................... .... ................ 744.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 744. 60 8 /30 8 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 480.90 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 480.90 8 /31 9 /1 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 25,806.62 .................... .................... . ................... 25,806.62 Kimberly Lehn ................................................. 8 /28 8 /30 United Arab Emirates ........................... ...... .............. 744.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 744.60  8 /30 8 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 480.90 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 480.90 8 /31 9 /1 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ...............................................
................ .................... .................... .................... 24,382.22 .................... .................... . ................... 24,382.22 Brian Greer ..................................................... 8 /28 8 /30 United Arab Emirates ........................... .... ................ 744.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 744. 60 8 /30 8 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 480.90 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 480.90 8 /31 9 /1 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 20,528.01 .................... .................... . ................... 20,528.01 Barron YoungSmith ........................................ 8 /28 8 /30 United Arab Emirates ........................... ........... ......... 744.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 744.60 8 /30 8 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 480.90 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 480.90 8 /31 9 /1 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 20,563.01 .................... .................... . ................... 20,563.01 Travel to France, September 7–12, 2018: Hon. Michael R. Turner .................................. 9 /7 9 /12 France ................................................... ... ................. 4,797.04 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4 ,797.04 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 1,104.31 .................... .................... .. .................. 1,104.31 Hon. Rick Larsen ............................................ 9 /8 9 /12 France .................................................. . .................... 3,801.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 3,801.06 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 1,578.31 .................... .................... .. .................. 1,578.31 William Spencer Johnson ................................ 9 /8 9 /12 France ................................................... .... ................ 3,580.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3, 580.39 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 1,578.31 .................... .................... .. .................. 1,578.31 Travel to Japan, Singapore, September 14–22, 2018: Margaret Dean ................................................ 9 /16 9 /19 Japan ................................................. ... .................... 1,029.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 1,029.85 ............. ................. Singapore .............................................. .................... 1,227.33 ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,227.33 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 14,389.81 .................... .................... . ................... 14,389.81 Brian Garrett .................................................. ............. ................. Japan ............................. ....................... .................... 1,029.85 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 1,029.85 ............. ................. Singapore .............................................. .................... 1,227.33 ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,227.33 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 19,402.61 .................... .................... . ................... 19,402.61 John Phillip MacNaughton .............................. ............. ................. Japan ...................................... .............. .................... 1,029.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,029.85 ............. ................. Singapore .............................................. .................... 405.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... .................... 405.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 14,389.81 .................... .................... . ................... 14,389.81 Travel to Djibouti, Somalia, Jordan, September 15–23, 2018: Pete Villano .................................................... 9 /16 9 /19 Jordan ............................................. ...... .................... 1,065.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,065.11 9 /19 9 /21 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 9 /20 9 /20 Somalia ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,979.00 .................... .................... . ................... 11,979.00 Lindsay Kavanaugh ........................................ 9 /16 9 /19 Jordan ................................................... . ................... 1,065.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 1,065.11 9 /19 9 /21 Djibouti ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 9 /20 9 /20 Somalia ................................................. .................... 0.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,979.00 .................... .................... . ................... 11,979.00 Travel to Germany, Croatia, September 16–21, 2018: Mark Morehouse ............................................. 9 /17 9 /19 Germany ................................................ . ................... 929.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 9 29.41 9 /19 9 /21 Croatia .................................................. .................... 507.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 507.50 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 3,251.71 .................... .................... .. .................. 3,251.71 Katy Quinn ...................................................... 9 /17 9 /19 Germany ............................................ .... .................... 929.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 929.41 
9 /19 9 /21 Croatia .................................................. .................... 507.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 507.50 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 3,251.71 .................... .................... .. .................. 3,251.71 
Committee total ............................ ............. ................. ...................................................... ......... .................... 84,895.00 .................... 365,571.28 .................... 0.00 .................... 450,466.28 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9561 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Luke Messer .................................................... 6 /30 7 /1 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 1,215.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,215.00 7 /2 7 /2 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 276.67 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 276.67 7 /2 7 /2 Croatia .................................................. .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /4 Bosnia/Herzegovina .............................. .................... 359.57 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 359.57 7 /4 7 /6 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,262.33 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,262.33 7 /6 7 /9 Germany ................................................ .................... 1,086.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,086.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,199.57 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 4,199.57 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, Oct. 26, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Billy Long ........................................................ 6 /29 7 /1 Portugal ..................................... ........... .................... 1,133.00 .................... (3) .................... 0.00 .................... 1,133.00 7 /1 7 /2 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 276.67 .................... ............. ....... .................... 0.00 .................... 276.67 7 /2 7 /4 Bosnia and Herzegovina ....................... .................... 357.19 .................... .................... ..... ............... 0.00 .................... 357.19 7 /4 7 /6 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,572.33 .................... ........ ............ .................... 0.00 .................... 1,572.33 7 /6 7 /10 Germany ................................................ .................... 1,086.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 0.00 .................... 1,086.00 Hon. Ryan Costello .................................................. 6 /29 7 /1 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 1,133.00 .................... (
3) .................... 0.00 .................... 1,133.00 7 /1 7 /2 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 276.67 .................... ............. ....... .................... 0.00 .................... 276.67 7 /2 7 /4 Bosnia and Herzegovina ....................... .................... 357.19 .................... .................... ..... ............... 0.00 .................... 357.19 7 /4 7 /6 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,572.33 .................... ........ ............ .................... 0.00 .................... 1,572.33 7 /6 7 /10 Germany ................................................ .................... 1,086.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 0.00 .................... 1,086.00 Andrew Zach ............................................................ 8 /5 8 /7 Saudi Arabia .................................. ....... .................... 964.66 .................... 4,134.21 .................... 271.40 .................... 5,370.27 8 /7 8 /10 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,092.00 .................... .................... .................... 101.20 .................... 1,193.20 Peter Spencer .......................................................... 8 /5 8 /7 Saudi Arabia .................................. ....... .................... 964.66 .................... 4,134.21 .................... .................... .................... 5,09 8.87 8 /7 8 /10 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,092.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,092.00 John Marshall .......................................................... 8 /5 8 /7 Saudi Arabia .................................. ....... .................... 964.66 .................... 4,134.21 .................... .................... .................... 5,09 8.87 8 /7 8 /10 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,092.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,092.00 Hon. Ryan Costello .................................................. 8 /6 8 /18 Colombia ........................................ ....... .................... 684.00 .................... 1,189.91 .................... .................... .................... 1,87 3.91 Jessica Wilkerson ..................................................... 8 /12 8 /15 England ...................................... .......... .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... 630.00 .................... 3,752.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... 411.23 .................... 1,042.38 Kristen Shatynski ..................................................... 8 /12 8 /15 England ...................................... .......... .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... .................... ................... . 3,122.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 631.15 Danielle Steele ......................................................... 8 /12 8 /15 England .................................... ............ .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,122.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 631.15 Brighton Haslett ...................................................... 8 /12 8 /15 England ...................................... .......... .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... .................... ................... . 3,122.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 631.15 Kevin McAloon ......................................................... 8 /12 8 /15 England ...................................... .......... .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... .................... ................... . 3,122.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 631.15 Samantha Satchell .................................................. 8 /12 8 /15 England ......................................... ....... .................... 1,509.00 .................... 1,613.71 .................... .................... .................... 3, 122.71 8 /15 8 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 631.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 631.15 Mary Martin ............................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 India ...................................... ............... .................... 1,202.62 .................... 2,363.21 .................... 2,381.93 .................... 5,947 .76 8 /17 8 /19 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 628.85 .................... ............ ........ .................... 221.93 .................... 850.78 Brandon Mooney ...................................................... 8 /14 8 /16 India .......................................... ........... .................... 1,202.63 .................... 2,363.21 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,565.83 8 /17 8 /19 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 628.84 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 628.84 Eric Kessler .............................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 India .................................... ................. .................... 1,202.63 .................... 2,363.21 .................... .................... ............ ........ 3,565.83 8 /17 8 /19 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 628.84 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 628.84 Hon. Michael C. Burgess ......................................... 8 /19 8 /20 El Salvador ........................................ ... .................... 219.00 .................... 723.12 .................... 500.00 .................... 1,442.12 8 /20 8 /21 Honduras .............................................. .................... 276.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... 322.74 .................... 598.74 8 /21 8 /22 Guatemala ............................................ .................... 248.56 .................... ............... ..... .................... 273.89 .................... 522.45 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 8 /22 8 /23 Guyana ............................................ ...... .................... 283.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 283.00 8 /23 8 /25 Brazil .................................................... .................... 704.00 .................... 2,122.41 . ................... .................... .................... 2,826.41 Hon. Scott Peters ..................................................... 8 /22 8 /23 Guyana ....................................... ........... .................... 176.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 176.00 8 /23 8 /25 Brazil .................................................... .................... 704.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 704.00 8 /25 8 /27 Suriname .............................................. .................... 284.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 284.00 8 /27 8 /29 Honduras .............................................. .................... 340.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 340.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 37,274.21 .................... 33,209.96 .................... 5,114.21 ................ .... 75,598.49 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 6 /30 7 /3 Germany .......................................... ...... .................... 962.75 .................... .................... .................... 845.00 .................... 1,807.7 5 7 /3 7 /6 France ................................................... .................... 2,266.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 395.00 .................... 2,661.00 7 /4 7 /4 England ................................................ .................... 0.00 .................... ................. ... .................... 0.00 .................... 0.00 7 /6 7 /10 Germany ................................................ .................... 1,280.00 .................... 16,693.31 .. .................. .................... .................... 17,973.31 Hon. Vicente Gonzalez ............................................. 8 /16 8 /18 Guatemala ........................................ .... .................... 577.58 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 577.58 8 /18 8 /20 Mexico ................................................... .................... 723.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 723.90 Hon. Ruben Kihuen .................................................. 8 /16 8 /18 Guatemala ....................................... ..... .................... 577.58 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 577.58 8 /18 8 /20 Mexico ................................................... .................... 723.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 723.90 Hon. Jeb Hensarling ................................................ 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 142.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 142.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 535.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 535.00 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 754.00 .................... (3) .................... 3,368.00 .................... 4,122.00 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 744.00 .................... (3) .................... 3,144.00 .................... 3,888.00 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 503.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 503.00 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 142.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 142.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 535.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 535.00 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 754.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 754.00 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 744.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9562 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 503.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 503.00 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Hon. Vicente Gonzalez ............................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ............................................ ........ .................... 142.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 142.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 535.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 535.00 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 754.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 754.00 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 744.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.00 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 503.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 503.00 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Hon. Warren Davidson ............................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ............................................. ....... .................... 142.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 142.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 535.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 535.00 8 /29 8 /30 China .................................................... .................... 377.00 .................... 1,483.61 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,860.61 Dino Falaschetti ...................................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 110.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 110.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 404.38 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 404.38 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 713.05 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 713.05 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 617.06 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 617.06 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 437.49 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 437.49 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Christian Jorgenson ................................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 110.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 110.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 404.38 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 404.38 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 713.05 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 713.05 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 617.06 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 617.06 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 437.49 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 437.49 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Ryan Rusbuldt ......................................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 110.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 110.00 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 404.38 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 404.38 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 713.05 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 713.05 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 617.06 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 617.06 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 437.49 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 437.49 8 /28 8 /29 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Keeley Christensen .................................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 134.07 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 134.07 8 /28 8 /29 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 518.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 518.98 8 /29 8 /31 China .................................................... .................... 745.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 745.21 8 /31 9 /2 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 671.43 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 671.43 9 /2 9 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 487.12 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 487.12 9 /3 9 /4 Alaska ................................................... .................... 256.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.48 Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 9 /15 9 /18 Germany ......................................... ....... .................... 1,062.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,062.00 9 /18 9 /19 France ................................................... .................... 708.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 65.00 .................... 773.00 9 /19 9 /21 England ................................................ .................... 964.00 .................... 15,098.61 ... ................. 984.97 .................... 17,047.58 Hon. Ruben Kihuen .................................................. 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia ........................................ ....... .................... 617.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 617.46 9 /18 9 /20 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 602.18 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 602.18 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 920.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 920.10 Albert Joseph Pinder ................................................ 9 /17 9 /18 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 538.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 538.50 9 /18 9 /19 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 284.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 284.00 9 /19 9 /20 Belgium ................................................ .................... 303.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 303.00 9 /20 9 /22 France ................................................... .................... 1,265.00 .................... 3,097.11 .................... .................... .................... 4,362.11 Hon. Alex Mooney ..................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ........................................ ............ .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /23 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,948.80 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,869.48 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 37,622.26 .................... 37,293.32 .................... 8,801.97 ................ .... 83,717.55 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Ted Deutch ...................................................... 6 /30 7 /1 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 592.11 .................... 13,345.62 .................... .................... .................... 13,937.73 7 /1 7 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,605.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,605.00 7 /4 7 /6 Austria .................................................. .................... 688.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 688.53 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 6 /30 7 /1 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 733.11 .................... 10,872.52 .................... .................... .................. .. 11,605.63 7 /1 7 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,605.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,605.00 7 /4 7 /6 Austria .................................................. .................... 688.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 688.53 Golan Rodgers ......................................................... 6 /30 7 /1 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 558.78 .................... 11,949.92 .................... .................... ................... . 12,508.70 7 /1 7 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,571.67 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,571.67 7 /4 7 /6 Austria .................................................. .................... 655.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 655.19 Nathan Gately .......................................................... 6 /30 7 /1 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 592.11 .................... 12,297.92 .................... .................... .................. .. 12,890.03 7 /1 7 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,605.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,605.00 7 /4 7 /6 Austria .................................................. .................... 688.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 688.53 Casey Kustin ............................................................ 6 /30 7 /1 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 592.11 .................... 12,297.92 .................... .................... ................. ... 12,889.83 7 /1 7 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,555.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,555.00 7 /4 7 /6 Austria .................................................. .................... 638.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 638.53 Shellie Bressler ........................................................ 8 /20 8 /25 Thailand ................................... ............. .................... 1,098.17 .................... 7,548.31 .................... .................... ................ .... 8,646.48 8 /25 8 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 1,339.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,339.00 Janice Kaguyutan .................................................... 8 /20 8 /25 Thailand ....................................... ......... .................... 1,132.00 .................... 7,548.31 .................... .................... .................... 8,680.31 8 /25 8 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 1,364.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,364.00 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 6 /28 6 /30 Sweden ............................................ ..... .................... 897.64 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 687.64 6 /30 7 /1 Denmark ............................................... .................... 753.94 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 753.94 7 /1 7 /3 Latvia .................................................... .................... 668.08 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 668.08 7 /3 7 /5 Finland .................................................. .................... 789.07 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 789.07 Chadwick Gore ......................................................... 7 /6 7 /12 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 1,676.87 .................... 3,505.61 .................... .................... .................... 5,182.48 Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 7 /29 8 /2 Turkmenistan ................................. ....... .................... 711.96 .................... 6,374.81 .................... .................... .................... 7,08 6.77 8 /2 8 /4 Macedonia ............................................ .................... 523.08 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 523.08 Jackie Ramos ........................................................... 7 /29 8 /2 Turkmenistan ................................. ....... .................... 724.96 .................... 6,409.71 .................... .................... .................... 7,13 4.67 8 /2 8 /4 Macedonia ............................................ .................... 542.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 542.00 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 7 /29 8 /2 Turkmenistan .............................. .......... .................... 724.96 .................... 6,409.71 .................... .................... .................... 7 ,134.67 8 /2 8 /4 Macedonia ............................................ .................... 542.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 542.00 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 9 /6 9 /9 Canada .............................................. ... .................... 1,121.98 .................... 1,665.80 .................... .................... .................... 2,787. 78 Joan Condon ............................................................ 8 /4 8 /7 Cameroon ...................................... ........ .................... 933.27 .................... 16,317.52 .................... .................... .................... 17 ,250.79 8 /7 8 /10 Central African Rep. ............................. .................... 835.65 .................... 600.00 ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,435.65 Meghan Gallagher ................................................... 8 /5 8 /7 Cameroon .......................................... .... .................... 719.67 .................... 8,157.82 .................... .................... .................... 8,877.4 9 8 /7 8 /10 Central African Rep. ............................. .................... 835.63 .................... 600.00 ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,435.63 Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 8 /5 8 /8 Cuba ............................................. ........ .................... 900.00 .................... 849.91 .................... .................... .................... 1,749 .91 Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 8 /5 8 /8 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 900.00 .................... 849.91 .................... .................... .................... 1, 749.91 Hon. Christopher Smith ........................................... 8 /23 8 /25 Ethiopia .......................................... ...... .................... 796.07 .................... 8,564.31 .................... .................... .................... 9,360 .38 Hon. Karen Bass ...................................................... 8 /23 8 /24 Ethiopia ...................................... .......... .................... 630.00 .................... 10,812.68 .................... .................... .................... 11,442.68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9563 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Piero Tozzi ................................................................ 8 /23 8 /25 Ethiopia ................................ ................ .................... 863.00 .................... 7,005.91 .................... .................... ............... ..... 7,868.91 8 /25 8 /27 Rep. of Congo ....................................... .................... 775.70 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 775.70 8 /28 8 /29 France ................................................... .................... 856.67 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 856.67 Thierry Dongala ....................................................... 8 /23 8 /25 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 863.00 .................... 7,005.91 .................... .................... .................... 7,868.91 8 /25 8 /27 Rep. of Congo ....................................... .................... 813.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 813.00 8 /28 8 /29 France ................................................... .................... 865.05 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 865.05 Hunter Strupp .......................................................... 7 /29 8 /1 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 1,402.09 .................... 10,079.21 .................... .................... ................ .... 11,481.30 8 /1 8 /4 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,053.26 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,053.26 Russell Solomon ...................................................... 7 /29 8 /1 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 1,327.09 .................... 10,079.21 .................... .................... .................. .. 11,406.30 8 /1 8 /4 South Korea .......................................... .................... 998.26 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 998.26 Patrick Megahan ..................................................... 8 /4 8 /6 Jordan ........................................... ........ .................... 709.91 .................... 3,641.01 .................... .................... .................... 4,3 50.92 8 /6 8 /8 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 76.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 76.00 8 /8 8 /11 Turkey ................................................... .................... 769.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 769.36 Oren Adaki ............................................................... 8 /4 8 /6 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 709.91 .................... 3,641.01 .................... .................... .................. .. 4,350.92 8 /6 8 /8 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 76.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 76.00 8 /8 8 /11 Turkey ................................................... .................... 811.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 811.36 Bryan Burack ........................................................... 8 /22 8 /26 Thailand .................................... ............ .................... 964.00 .................... 4,852.61 .................... .................... ................... . 5,816.61 8 /26 8 /30 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 923.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 923.26 Sajit Gandhi ............................................................ 8 /22 8 /26 Thailand ................................... ............. .................... 964.00 .................... 7,144.01 .................... .................... .................. .. 8,108.01 8 /26 8 /30 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 900.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 900.10 Hon. Gregory W. Meeks ............................................ 8 /6 8 /9 Colombia ............................................ ... .................... 1,013.00 .................... 3,665.21 .................... .................... .................... 4,678. 21 Leah Campos ........................................................... 8 /6 8 /9 Colombia ....................................... ........ .................... 1,013.00 .................... 2,035.21 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,048.21 Gabriella Zach ......................................................... 8 /27 8 /30 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 1,490.00 .................... 1,434.72 .................... .................... .............. ...... 2,924.72 Vlad Cerga ............................................................... 8 /27 8 /30 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 1,665.00 .................... 1,709.72 .................... .................... ............ ........ 3,374.72 Jeannette Windon .................................................... 8 /27 8 /30 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,645.00 .................... 1,674.72 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,319.72 Emily Cottle ............................................................. 8 /27 8 /30 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 1,525.00 .................... 1,709.72 .................... .................... ............ ........ 3,234.72 Carlos Monje ............................................................ 8 /26 9 /1 Brazil ...................................... .............. .................... 803.46 .................... 3,761.51 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,564.97 8 /30 8 /31 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 157.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 157.10 Gabriella Boffelli ..................................................... 8 /26 9 /01 Brazil ...................................... .............. .................... 813.46 .................... 3,822.51 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,635.97 8 /30 8 /31 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 157.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 157.10 Hon. John Curtis ...................................................... 8 /22 8 /23 Guyana ....................................... ........... .................... 283.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 283.00 8 /23 8 /25 Brazil .................................................... .................... 704.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 704.00 8 /25 8 /27 Suriname .............................................. .................... 506.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 506.00 8 /27 8 /29 Honduras .............................................. .................... 534.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 534.00 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ............................................ ........ .................... 288.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 288.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,948.80 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,869.48 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ......................................... ........... .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,948.80 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,869.48 Amy Porter ............................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil .................................... ................ .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Thomas P. Sheehy ................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil .......................................... .......... .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Leah Campos ........................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ....................................... ............. .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ...................................... .............. .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Jean Marter .............................................................. 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil .................................... ................ .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Kate Barlow ............................................................. 9 /17 9 /18 Brazil ..................................... ............... .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 Argentina .............................................. .................... 790.40 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 790.40 9 /20 9 /24 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,748.72 .................... 920.68 ... ................. .................... .................... 2,669.40 Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 9 /16 9 /20 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 1,097.72 .................... 1,782.71 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,880.43 Charlotte Davis ........................................................ 9 /16 9 /20 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 1,111.72 .................... 1,782.11 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,893.83 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 9 /17 9 /20 Poland ................................... ................ .................... 833.79 .................... 1,831.01 .................... .................... ............... ..... 2,664.80 Jackie Ramos ........................................................... 9 /16 9 /20 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 1,111.72 .................... 1,831.01 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,942.73 Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Norway ......................................... ......... .................... 769.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 8 /21 8 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 321.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 321.00 8 /22 8 /23 Finland .................................................. .................... 328.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 328.00 8 /23 8 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 393.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 393.00 8 /24 8 /26 Belgium ................................................ .................... 624.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 624.00 8 /26 8 /27 Turkey ................................................... .................... 240.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 240.00 8 /27 8 /28 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 322.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 322.00 Andy Taylor .............................................................. 8 /29 9 /01 Mexico .................................... ............... .................... 963.95 .................... 1,075.82 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,039.77 Brian Skretny ........................................................... 8 /29 9 /01 Mexico ..................................... .............. .................... 963.95 .................... 1,045.82 .................... .................... ................. ... 2,009.77 Matt Zweig .............................................................. 9 /17 9 /18 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 540.68 .................... 2,328.31 .................... .................... ................... . 2,868.99 9 /18 9 /19 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 283.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 283.00 9 /19 9 /20 Belgium ................................................ .................... 298.88 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 298.88 9 /20 9 /22 France ................................................... .................... 1,232.15 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,232.15 Edmund Rice ........................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 493.06 .................... 2,624.21 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,117.27 9 /18 9 /19 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 197.54 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 197.54 9 /19 9 /20 Belgium ................................................ .................... 318.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 318.19 9 /20 9 /22 France ................................................... .................... 840.90 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 840.90 Hon. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia ..................................... .......... .................... 617.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 617.46 9 /18 9 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 602.18 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 602.18 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 920.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 920.10 Hon. Tom Garrett ..................................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia ...................................... ......... .................... 617.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 617.46 9 /18 9 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 602.18 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 602.18 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 920.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 920.10 Hunter Strupp .......................................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia .................................... ........... .................... 592.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 592.46 9 /18 9 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 577.18 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 577.18 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 895.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 895.10 Donald MacDonald .................................................. 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia ......................................... ...... .................... 458.96 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 458.96 9 /18 9 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 515.89 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 515.89 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 664.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 Shelby Lipson .......................................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Mongolia .................................... ........... .................... 592.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 592.46 9 /18 9 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 602.18 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 602.18 9 /20 9 /22 Japan .................................................... .................... 870.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 870.10 Thierry Dongala ....................................................... 7 /1 7 /4 Cote d’Ivoire .................................. ....... .................... 1,289.00 .................... 1,204.82 .................... .................... .................... 2, 493.82 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 111,728.62 .................... 243,111.57 .................... .................... ... ................. 354,840.19 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9564 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve King ....................................................... 7 /5 7 /10 Germany & Netherlands ....................... .. .................. 348.00 .................... 13,394.56 .................... 980.32 .................... 14,722.88 Eric Bagwell ............................................................ 8 /20 8 /29 Honduras, Guyana, Suriname, & Brazil ...... .............. 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 8 /20 8 /29 ................................................ ............... .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 8 /23 8 /25 ............................................. .................. .................... 314.00 .................... 12,206.61 .................... 390.00 .................... 12,91 0.61 Hon. John Rutherford ............................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ................................................ ............... .................... 837.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Hon. Steve Cohen .................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ............................................... ................ .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Shelley Husband ...................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 .............................................. ................. .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Branden Ritchie ....................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ............................................. .................. .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Andrea Loving .......................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ............................................ ................... .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Ryan Breitenbach .................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ............................................... ................ .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Maunica Sthanki ..................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ............................................... ................ .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Scott Bennett ........................................................... 8 /20 8 /29 ........................................... .................... .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,190.00 .................... 2,027.00 Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 9 /18 9 /20 China ........................................ ............ .................... 306.00 .................... 17,992.00 .................... 1,136.00 .................... 19,434.00  
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 9,338.00 .................... 43,593.17 .................... 14,406.32 ................ .... 67,337.49 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Oct. 29, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. DAVID P. ROE, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 7 /26 7 /31 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 898.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 898.85 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,519.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... George Pappas ........................................................ 7 /26 7 /31 Africa ........................................ ............ .................... 898.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 898.85 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,340.01 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,340.01 Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 8 /2 8 /4 Africa .......................................... .......... .................... 637.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 637.00 8 /4 8 /7 Africa .................................................... .................... 1,173.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 274.23 .................... 1,447.23 8 /8 8 /9 Africa .................................................... .................... 253.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 253.00 8 /10 8 /10 Africa .................................................... .................... 114.48 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 114.48 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,617.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,617.96 Thomas Eager .......................................................... 8 /2 8 /4 Africa ......................................... ........... .................... 637.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 637.00 8 /4 8 /7 Africa .................................................... .................... 1,173.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 274.23 .................... 1,447.23 8 /8 8 /9 Africa .................................................... .................... 253.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 253.00 8 /10 8 /10 Africa .................................................... .................... 114.48 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 114.48 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,617.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,617.96 Hon. Brad Wenstrup ................................................ 8 /5 8 /11 Australasia ....................................... .... .................... 1,631.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,028.50 .................... 2,659 .50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 21,650.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 21,650.51 Steve Keith .............................................................. 8 /5 8 /11 Australasia ................................ ........... .................... 1,631.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,028.50 .................. .. 2,659.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,519.41 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,519.41 Hon. Andre Carson .................................................. 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ............................................ ....... .................... 762.00 .................... .................... .................... 450.00 .................... 1,212. 00 8 /8 8 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 793.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,579.16 .................... 2,372.30 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,761.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,761.91 Amanda Rogers Thorpe ........................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................ ... .................... 762.00 .................... .................... .................... 450.00 .................... 1,212.00 8 /8 8 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 793.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,579.16 .................... 2,372.30 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,858.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,858.91 Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 South America ................................... ... .................... 711.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 711.00 8 /8 8 /10 North America ....................................... .................... 724.00 .................... 633.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,357.00 8 /10 8 /11 North America ....................................... .................... 256.30 .................... ................ .... .................... 40.00 .................... 296.30 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,003.05 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,003.05 Mark Stewart ........................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 South America ................................. ..... .................... 711.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 711.00 8 /8 8 /10 North America ....................................... .................... 724.00 .................... 633.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,357.00 8 /10 8 /11 North America ....................................... .................... 256.30 .................... ................ .... .................... 40.00 .................... 296.30 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,003.05 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,003.05 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 8 /6 8 /7 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 230.09 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 230.09 8 /7 8 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 754.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 754.96 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,022.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,022.31 Christine Bocchino .................................................. 8 /6 8 /7 Europe ........................................... ........ .................... 230.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 230.10 8 /7 8 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 754.95 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 754.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,022.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,022.31 Hon. James Himes ................................................... 8 /7 8 /10 Europe ........................................... ........ .................... 502.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............
........ 502.20 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,155.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,155.91 Kashyap Patel .......................................................... 8 /7 8 /9 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 949.00 .................... .................... .................... 328.00 .................... 1,277.00 8 /9 8 /11 Asia ....................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /12 8 /13 Asia ....................................................... .................... 219.78 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 219.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,243.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,243.21 Hon. Christopher Stewart ........................................ 8 /7 8 /8 Asia ................................................. ...... .................... 318.18 .................... .................... .................... 14.92 .................... 333.10 8 /9 8 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,053.27 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,053.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,035.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,035.71 Allen Souza .............................................................. 8 /7 8 /8 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 318.18 .................... .................... .................... 14.91 ................... . 333.09 8 /9 8 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,053.27 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,053.27 8 /12 8 /14 Asia ....................................................... .................... 514.02 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 514.02 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,779.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,779.21 Marissa Skaggs ....................................................... 8 /7 8 /8 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 318.18 .................... .................... .................... 14.91 .................... 333 .09 8 /9 8 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,053.27 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,053.27 8 /12 8 /14 Asia ....................................................... .................... 514.02 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 514.02 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,779.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,779.21 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 8 /8 8 /11 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 548.94 .................... 145.94 .................... 44.84 .................... 739.72 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 591.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... 224.42 .................... 815.74 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9565 November 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
8 /13 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 46.51 .................... 46.51 8 /13 8 /15 Europe ................................................... .................... 345.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 155.00 .................... 500.00 8 /15 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 829.52 .................... ........... ......... .................... 205.46 .................... 1,034.98 8 /18 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 871.42 .................... ........... ......... .................... 185.20 .................... 1,056.62 8 /20 8 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 173.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... 372.50 .................... 546.11 8 /21 8 /25 Europe ................................................... .................... 735.75 .................... ........... ......... .................... 54.04 .................... 789.79 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,522.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,522.01 George Papas .......................................................... 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 548.94 .................... 145.94 .................... 44.84 .................... 739.72 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 591.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... 224.42 .................... 815.74 8 /13 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 46.51 .................... 46.51 8 /13 8 /15 Europe ................................................... .................... 345.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 155.00 .................... 500.00 8 /15 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 829.53 .................... ........... ......... .................... 205.47 .................... 1,035.00 8 /18 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 871.43 .................... ........... ......... .................... 185.20 .................... 1,056.63 8 /20 8 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 173.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... 372.50 .................... 546.11 8 /21 8 /25 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,187.62 .................... ......... ........... .................... 54.04 .................... 1,241.66 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,933.81 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,933.81 Derek Harvey ............................................................ 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 548.94 .................... 145.94 .................... 44.84 .................... 739.72 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 591.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... 224.42 .................... 815.74 8 /13 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 46.51 .................... 46.51 8 /13 8 /15 Europe ................................................... .................... 345.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 155.00 .................... 500.00 8 /15 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 829.53 .................... ........... ......... .................... 205.47 .................... 1,035.00 8 /18 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 871.43 .................... ........... ......... .................... 185.20 .................... 1,056.63 8 /20 8 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 173.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... 372.50 .................... 546.11 8 /21 8 /25 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,187.62 .................... ......... ........... .................... 54.04 .................... 1,241.66 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,933.81 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,933.81 Hon. Rick Crawford ................................................. 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ........................................... ........ .................... 548.94 .................... 145.94 .................... 44.84 .................... 739.72 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 591.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... 224.43 .................... 815.75 8 /13 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 46.52 .................... 46.52 8 /13 8 /15 Europe ................................................... .................... 345.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 155.00 .................... 500.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,749.22 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,749.22 Bill Flanigan ............................................................ 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 548.95 .................... 145.94 .................... 44.84 .................... 739.73 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 591.32 .................... ........... ......... .................... 224.43 .................... 815.75 8 /13 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 46.52 .................... 46.52 8 /13 8 /15 Europe ................................................... .................... 345.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 155.00 .................... 500.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,789.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,789.70 Cordell A. Hull ......................................................... 8 /15 8 /15 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 259.69 ...... .............. 259.69 8 /15 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 829.53 .................... ........... ......... .................... 205.47 .................... 1,035.00 8 /18 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 871.43 .................... ........... ......... .................... 185.21 .................... 1,056.64 8 /20 8 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 173.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... 372.50 .................... 546.11 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,831.51 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,831.51 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 8 /23 8 /24 North America ............................... ........ .................... 276.00 .................... .................... .................... 515.09 .................... 791.0 9 8 /24 8 /25 North America ....................................... .................... 220.05 .................... ................ .... .................... 75.00 .................... 295.05 8 /25 8 /26 North America ....................................... .................... 228.31 .................... ................ .... .................... 496.12 .................... 724.43 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 951.74 .................... ............... ..... .................... 951.74 Nicholas A. Ciarlante .............................................. 8 /23 8 /24 North America ................................... .... .................... 276.00 .................... .................... .................... 515.10 .................... 791.10 8 /24 8 /25 North America ....................................... .................... 220.05 .................... ................ .... .................... 75.00 .................... 295.05 
8 /25 8 /26 North America ....................................... .................... 228.32 .................... ................ .... .................... 496.11 .................... 724.43 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 909.74 .................... ............... ..... .................... 909.74 Wells Bennett .......................................................... 8 /25 8 /25 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 1,590.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 1,590.00 8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 777.30 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 777.30 8 /30 9 /1 Asia ....................................................... .................... 420.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 2,313.87 .................... 2,733.87 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,760.32 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,760.32 Shannon Green ........................................................ 8 /25 8 /25 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,590.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,590.00 8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 777.30 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 777.30 8 /30 9 /1 Asia ....................................................... .................... 420.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 2,313.87 .................... 2,733.87 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,760.32 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,760.32 Cordell A. Hull ......................................................... 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 1,590.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. 1,590.00 8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 777.30 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 777.30 8 /30 9 /01 Asia ....................................................... .................... 420.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 2,313.88 .................... 2,733.88 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,760.32 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,760.32 Kashyap Patel .......................................................... 8 /26 8 /31 Africa ...................................... .............. .................... 1,116.00 .................... .................... .................... 6.00 ................... . 1,122.00 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,264.61 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,264.61 Andrew House .......................................................... 8 /28 8 /29 Africa ....................................... ............. .................... 102.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 102.00 8 /29 8 /31 Africa .................................................... .................... 190.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 153.00 .................... 343.00 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,394.39 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,394.39 Hon. Mike Quigley .................................................... 8 /26 8 /28 South America ................................. ..... .................... 255.82 .................... .................... .................... 159.03 .................... 414.85 8 /28 8 /30 South America ...................................... .................... 622.68 .................... ................. ... .................... 50.00 .................... 672.68 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,560.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,560.21 Thomas Eager .......................................................... 8 /26 8 /28 South America ................................ ...... .................... 255.82 .................... .................... .................... 159.04 .................... 414.86 8 /28 8 /30 South America ...................................... .................... 622.68 .................... ................. ... .................... 50.00 .................... 672.68 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,853.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,853.21 Kashyap Patel .......................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 411.62 .................... .................... .................... 68.88 ................... . 480.50 9 /18 9 /20 Africa .................................................... .................... 574.81 .................... .......... .......... .................... 270.00 .................... 844.81 9 /20 9 /22 Africa .................................................... .................... 295.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,224.44 .................... 1,519.44 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 23,212.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... 23,212.43 George Pappas ........................................................ 9 /15 9 /17 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 411.62 .................... .................... .................... 68.89 .................... 4 80.51 9 /18 9 /20 Africa .................................................... .................... 574.81 .................... .......... .......... .................... 270.00 .................... 844.81 9 /20 9 /22 Africa .................................................... .................... 295.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,224.45 .................... 1,519.45 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 23,212.43 .................... ............ ........ .................... 23,212.43 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 9 /17 9 /18 South America ................................ ...... .................... 221.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 221.00 9 /18 9 /20 South America ...................................... .................... 790.40 .................... ................. ... .................... 231.55 .................... 1,021.95 9 /20 9 /24 Africa .................................................... .................... 1,758.80 .................... ........ ............ .................... 2,021.12 .................... 3,779.92 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 61,035.26 .................... 422,325.33 .................... 28,015.34 .............. ...... 511,375.93 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DEVIN NUNES, CHARMAIN, OCT. 30, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6846. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Raisins Produced From Grapes Grown in California; Order Amending Marketing Order No. 989 [Doc. No.: AO-FV-16-0016; AMS-SC-16- 0011; SC16-989-1] received November 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6847. A letter from the Principal Deputy, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Update of Clause on Section 8(a) Direct Award (DFARS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.010 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9566 November 16, 2018 
Case 2018-D052) [Docket: DARS-2018-0051] (RIN: 0750-AK34) received November 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 6848. A letter from the Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘‘Acquisition Streamlining’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D033) [Docket: DARS-2018- 0048] (RIN: 0750-AJ95) received November 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6849. A letter from the Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘‘Option for Supervision and Inspection Services’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D041) [Docket: DARS-2018-0050] (RIN: 0750-AK03) received November 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6850. A letter from the Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘‘Bonds or Other Security’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D036) [Docket: DARS-2018- 0049] (RIN: 0750-AJ98) received November 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6851. A letter from the Principal Deputy, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Mentor-Pro-tege Program Modifications (DFARS Case 2017-D016) [Docket: DARS-2018-0019] (RIN: 0750-AJ25) received November 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6852. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Mod-ernization of Property Disclosures for Min-ing Registrants [Release Nos.: 33-10570; 34- 84509; File No.: S7-10-16] (RIN: 3235-AL81) re-ceived November 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6853. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Bene-fits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Ben-efits received October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 6854. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Termination of Listing of Color Additive Ex-empt From Certification; Lead Acetate [Docket No.: FDA-2017-C-1951] received No-vember 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6855. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Cer-tification; Synthetic Iron Oxide [Docket No.: FDA-2017-C-6238] received November 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6856. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Cyantraniliprole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0694; FRL- 9985-32] received November 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6857. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fludioxonil; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0538; FRL-9982-75] received November 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6858. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Utah: Final Approval of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revisions, Codification and Incorporation by Reference [EPA-R08-UST-2018-0169; FRL-9982- 18-Region 8] received November 5, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6859. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of an Entity to the Entity List [Docket No.: 181010930-8930-01] (RIN: 0694- AH67) received November 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6860. A letter from the Director, Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Aliens Subject to a Bar on Entry under Sections 212(f) or 215(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act; Proce-dures for Protection Claims [EOIR Docket No.: 18-0501; A.G. Order No.: 4327-2018] (RIN: 1125-AA89) received November 8, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6861. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Air Traf-fic Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of Mattoon and Charleston, IL [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0219; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 23] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6862. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0415; Product Identifier 2017-NM-149-AD; Amendment 39-19466; AD 2018-21-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6863. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Reedley, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1200; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWP-23] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6864. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class D and E Airspace, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Austin, TX [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 9378; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASW-13] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6865. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Wooster, OH [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0370; Airspace Docket No.: 18-AGL-11] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6866. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for Lancaster, PA; and Williams-port, PA [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9377; 16-AEA- 8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6867. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Chicago Class B and Chicago Class C Airspace; Chi-cago, IL [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0632; Air-space Docket No.: 17-AWA-4] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6868. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline Hazardous Ma-terials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Hazardous Materials: No-tification of the Pilot-in-Command and Re-sponse to Air Related Petitions for Rule-making [Docket No. PHMSA-2015-0100 (HM- 259)] (RIN: 2137-AF10) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6869. A letter from the Attorney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Tankers--Automatic Pilot Sys-tems [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0926] (RIN: 1625-AC27) received November 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6870. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Ownership and Control of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concerns (RIN: 3245-AG85) received November 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 6871. A letter from the Regulations Devel-opment Coordinator, Office of Regulations Policy and Management, Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — VA Acquisition Regulation: Describ-ing Agency Needs; Contract Financing (RIN: 2900-AP81) received November 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.000 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9567 November 16, 2018 
6872. A letter from the Regulations Devel-opment Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — VA Acquisition Regulation: Subcon-tracting Policies and Procedures; Govern-ment Property (RIN: 2900-AQ05) received No-vember 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 6873. A letter from the Regulations Devel-opment Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Net Worth, Asset Transfers, and In-come Exclusions for Needs-Based Benefits (RIN: 2900-AO73) received November 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6874. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2019 Limitations Adjusted As Pro-vided in Section 415(d), etc. [Notice 2018-83] received November 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6875. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulation and removal of temporary regulation — Tax Return Preparer Due Diligence Pen-alty under Section 6695(g) [TD 9842] (RIN: 1545-BO63) received November 7, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6665. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to apply to territories of the United States, to establish offshore wind lease sale require-ments, to provide dedicated funding for coral reef conservation, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1029). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3133. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce unnecessary permitting delays by clarifying associated procedures to increase economic development and support coastal restoration programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1030). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 553. A bill to redesig-nate Gravelly Point Park, located along the George Washington Memorial Parkway in Arlington County, Virginia, as the Nancy Reagan Memorial Park, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–1031). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1349. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1032). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1662. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smoking in any facility of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–1033). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 6066. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the pro-ductivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 1034). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1675. A bill to establish a national program to identify and reduce losses from landslide hazards, to establish a national 3D Elevation Program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1035, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4243. A bill to establish a commission for the purpose of making rec-ommendations regarding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construc-tion and management leases of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to amend and ap-propriate funds for the Veterans Choice Pro-gram, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1036, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILLS Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following actions were taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1675. Referral to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 4243. Referral to the Committees on Rules and Appropriations extended for a pe-riod ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 7139. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien may only apply for asylum at a designated port of arrival, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. S
AR-
BANES , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. B ASS, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.R. 7140. A bill to improve the anti-cor-ruption and public integrity laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, House Administration, Ways and Means, Financial Services, Intelligence (Permanent Select), Rules, Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. N
ORCROSS , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT ): H.R. 7141. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to issue an occupational safety and health standard that requires covered em-ployers within the health care and social service industries to develop and implement a comprehensive workplace violence preven-tion plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. C
AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. F UDGE ): H.R. 7142. A bill to help train individuals in effective and evidence-based de-escalation techniques to ensure that individuals at di-verse levels of society have and retain great-er skills to resolve conflicts, manage anger, and control implicit bias without the use of physical or other force, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7143. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to modernize social secu-rity account numbers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 7144. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpayments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due process accorded veterans with respect to such re-covery, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 7145. A bill to prohibit certain large business entities from purchasing the securi-ties of those entities on national securities exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 7146. A bill to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to establish a procedure to close or reduce access to field offices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 7147. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to treat certain planted soybean crops as harvested commodity crops under the Market Facilitation Program; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7148. A bill to provide for USA Retire-ment Funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.000 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9568 November 16, 2018 
and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. U
PTON ): H.R. 7149. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to remove an institu-tional bias by making permanent the protec-tion for recipients of home and community- based services against spousal impoverish-ment; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 7150. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to continue to apply the rule entitled ‘‘Allowing Certain H-4 Depend-ent Spouses to Apply for Employment Au-thorization’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 7151. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for measures to reduce the number of unlawful robocalls and unlawful spoofed calls received by con-sumers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 7152. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the San Felipe Pueblo certain Federal land in Sandoval County, New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 7153. A bill to foster commercial rela-tions with foreign countries and support American business interests abroad in the conduct of foreign policy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 7154. A bill to replace drinking water fountains in playgrounds and parks under the Reducing Lead in Drinking Water Grant Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 7155. A bill to reauthorize appropria-tions for the creation and analysis of na-tional drinking water standards; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. B
EYER ): H.R. 7156. A bill to require uniformed fed-eral police officers to wear body cameras and have dashboard cameras in marked vehicles; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7157. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare cov-erage for all physicians’ services furnished by doctors of chiropractic within the scope of their license, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 7158. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a mission state-ment of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself and Mr. R
OKITA ): H.R. 7159. A bill to clarify the rights of not- for-profit religious employers under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7160. A bill to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Internet re-tailers to ensure equitable consumer access to products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7161. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to make a permanent program for the procurement of unprocessed fruits and vegetables to provide healthier school meals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H. Res. 1149. A resolution recognizing that the United States-Republic of Korea alliance serves as a linchpin of regional stability and bilateral security, and exemplifies the broad and deep military, diplomatic, economic, and cultural ties shared between the United States and the Republic of Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. L
EE): H. Res. 1150. A resolution commending Ko-rean and Korean-American veterans for their service to the United States during the Viet-nam conflict; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, and Ms. T
ITUS): H. Res. 1151. A resolution expressing sup-port for designation of the week of November 18 through 24, 2018, as National Family Serv-ice Learning Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ADERHOLT (for himself, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. C OMER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. L ONG): H. Res. 1152. A resolution expressing sup-port for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mr. E NGEL ): H. Res. 1153. A resolution honoring Jacob Anthony deGrom, starting pitcher for the New York Mets, for winning the 2018 Na-tional League Cy Young Award; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Ms. E SHOO ): H. Res. 1154. A resolution affirming the im-portance of the Orphan Drug Act, applauding its lifesaving contributions over its 35-year history, and recognizing the need to con-tinue supporting research and development for rare diseases; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. M
CGOV-
ERN, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H. Res. 1155. A resolution congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. NOLAN introduced a bill (H.R. 7162) for the relief of David Beasley; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 7139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 7140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 7141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 7142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 C1.1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 7144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 7145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 7146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.100 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9569 November 16, 2018 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 7147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 7149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 7151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 7152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 7153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 7154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 7155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 7159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 7162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 97: Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 786: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 866: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 1156: Mr. C
LOUD . H.R. 1291: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1377: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1419: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 1734: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1881: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 2106: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 2130: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2295: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2315: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. W OODALL , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 2327: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2358: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2479: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2500: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4065: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4107: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. C LOUD . H.R. 4198: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi. H.R. 4444: Mr. HUIZENGA and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 4638: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4732: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 4734: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 4912: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4953: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4972: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5011: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5306: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 5339: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5476: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5499: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. N ORMAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5911: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 5924: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 5945: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 6016: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6114: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6272: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 6363: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6507: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 6510: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
UDD, and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 6544: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 6629: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6692: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6775: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 6795: Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C ORREA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. B EYER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. T ITUS, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. V ELA, Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 6813: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 6854: Ms. F
OXX. H.R. 6869: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6980: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 7030: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 7042: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 7059: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 7073: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 7086: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. C RIST. H.R. 7124: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 7127: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 757: Mr. K
IND. H. Res. 867: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 1006: Mr. K
IND. H. Res. 1033: Mrs. L
ESKO . H. Res. 1034: Mr. N
ORMAN , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. H AN-
DEL, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 1057: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 1144: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. M ENG, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H. Res. 1146: Ms. L
EE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.020 H16NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7067 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2018 No. 182 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 and 3 seconds p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable L
ISAMURKOWSKI , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 16, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable L
ISAMURKOWSKI , a Senator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2018, AT 10 A.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, November 20, 2018. Thereupon, the Senate, at 3 and 36 seconds p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 20, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.000 S16NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1531 November 16, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF HELENA CHASE BIRDWELL’S SERVICE TO THE SECOND DISTRICT 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Helena Chase Birdwell of Barren Coun-ty, Kentucky, who is moving on from my con-gressional office after almost seven years serving Kentucky’s Second District. Helena has spent her entire career serving others. After graduating from Glasgow High School and Eastern Kentucky University, she worked for the Barren River Area Develop-ment District, where she helped people find training and work opportunities. In 2012, she joined my office as a Constituent Services Representative. In this role, she has helped countless Second District residents navigate the bureaucracy of the federal government. Whether it’s someone who needs a last- minute passport or someone trying to get So-cial Security benefits, Helena will make it hap-pen. She will be missed not only by the many people she has helped, but also by the people at the federal agencies who love to work with her. I want to congratulate Helena as she em-barks on her new role as Barren County Clerk. I wish her the best of luck in this new endeav-or. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOAN NYE OF COLUMBUS 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joan Nye of Columbus for her efforts to prevent suicide in Montana and the support she provides the survivors of suicide loss. Ms. Nye serves on the executive board of the Montana chapter of the American Founda-tion for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) and has led the organization for a decade as its chair-woman. She facilitates a support group for survivors of suicide loss and has been an ac-tive member of the Suicide Prevention Coali-tion of Yellowstone Valley since its formation in 2004. The group sponsors monthly meet-ings, outreach events, fundraisers, and semi-nars. A survivor of suicide loss, Ms. Nye chairs the AFSP Montana chapter’s education com-mittee which focuses on suicide prevention education and training. She helps health pro-fessionals, family members, and others learn to identify the risk factors and warning signs of suicide and how to seek help. Ms. Nye is a key organizer of the Out of the Darkness Yellowstone Valley Walk, which raised nearly $90,000 in September for AFSP to invest in research, education, outreach, and support services. Her efforts are critical in Montana which has one of the highest suicide rates in the nation. On average, a Montanan dies by suicide every 33 hours. Tragically, it is the eighth leading cause of death in Montana, and it is the sec-ond leading cause of death for young Ameri-cans. Suicide, however, is preventable, and dedi-cated and compassionate advocates like Joan Nye are helping to save lives and end the stig-ma surrounding suicide. Mr. Speaker, for her selfless devotion to the survivors of suicide loss and her tireless ef-forts to prevent suicide in Montana, I recog-nize Joan Nye for her spirit of Montana. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HAL C. LAWRENCE III, M.D. 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hal C. Lawrence III, M.D. After elev-en years of service, Dr. Lawrence recently re-tired as the executive vice president and chief executive officer of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. During his tenure at ACOG, Dr. Lawrence led the organization’s work to support OB/ GYNS, advance health care, and strengthen ACOG’s position within the health care indus-try. Earlier in his career, Dr. Lawrence was a practicing OB/GYN in Asheville, North Caro-lina from 1979 to 2007. As a fellow physician, I thank Dr. Lawrence for his long service to OB/GYNs and American patients. I am grateful for his partnership as we worked toward shared goals, and con-gratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
THE ASIA BIBI CASE REVEALS THAT PAKISTAN FAVORS EXTRE-MISM OVER JUSTICE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Pakistan is a state that not only harbors extremists but in-corporates their wicked ideology into law. For years, Pakistani religious minorities have suf-fered under the nation’s barbaric blasphemy laws, with dozens sentenced to death and many more brutally imprisoned, tortured, or at-tacked by extremist mobs. The prosecution and treatment of Asia Bibi under this absurd blasphemy law has revealed Pakistan to be governed by radical mobs rather than a fair justice system. Asia Bibi, whose real name is Aasiya No-reen, has been sitting on Pakistan’s death row for nine years for allegedly insulting the Proph-et Muhammad when she was told she could not drink from the same cup as Muslims be-cause she is a Christian. For defending herself and standing for universal values of religious liberty and human rights, she was horrifically beaten in front of her five children and con-demned to die by Pakistan’s courts. Fortu-nately, Pakistan’s Supreme Court has shown some sense of justice and acquitted Bibi be-cause there was no evidence to convict her. Yet her fate remains uncertain. Extremists have protested the court’s decision across Pakistan and made clear their violent intent if she is released. In fact, two prominent Paki-stani politicians who spoke out in defense of Bibi, were assassinated in 2011, including the only Christian member of Pakistan’s cabinet. However, it’s unclear if the Pakistani gov-ernment will protect her and not cave to ex-tremist demands—as it has so many times be-fore. Right now, Bibi and her family’s lives are in danger. Being a Christian in Pakistan al-ready is a huge risk but being one that has simply been accused of insulting Islam is to put a bounty on their heads for which Paki-stan’s multiple terrorist groups are eager to collect. Bibi’s lawyer has already sought asy-lum for himself and his family in the Nether-lands because of the death threats. But Paki-stan’s new Prime Minister, Imran Khan, has signaled he will appease the extremists by po-tentially blocking her attempts to flee Pakistan and vowing not to oppose a review of the Su-preme Court’s acquittal. This is unacceptable and demonstrates that Pakistan’s leaders favor extremism over justice. Perhaps, the only thing worse than Pakistan surrendering its rule of law to extremists is that the United States spends billions of dol-lars to support this corrupt government. There is no justification for our tax dollars subsidizing persecution of Christians and other minorities. America must end its assistance to Pakistan and send a clear message that its current course towards an extremist state ends in iso-lation. And that’s just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF MADELINE DONOVAN 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, the work we do each day in Congress would not be pos-sible without the tremendous efforts of our dedicated and talented staff. Today I rise to recognize an especially valu-able member of my team who is soon depart-ing our office. Madeline Donovan has been serving the needs of our North Country community since 2010, when she began working for constitu-ents of our district in the office of my prede-cessor, Congressman Bill Owens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.001 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1532 November 16, 2018 
The daughter of Timothy and Laura Dono-van, Maddie was born and raised in Oswego, New York, and has enthusiastically worked on behalf of her community since she was a child, as a founding member of St. Stephen the King’s Youth Group, a member of Oswego County’s Youth Court, and an officer on Oswego County’s Student Advisory Council. She is a graduate of Nazareth College of Rochester and has called Watertown, New York, home for the past eight years. Maddie is passionate about her home state. She loves discussing the remarkable history of our region and is always eager to point out to others just what makes Northern New York so unique. Whenever I travel across our great district, I run into veterans, seniors and farm-ers that she has worked tirelessly to help. I know that she will always carry a piece of the North Country with her in her heart, and it is bittersweet to wish Maddie all my best going forward. I am grateful for her incredible service to our district. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 2018 WORLD WIDE PRESSURE INJURY PREVENTION DAY AND H. RES. 1133 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring awareness to the 2018 World Wide Pressure Injury Prevention Day and to express my support for H. Res. 1133 which I recently introduced to raise awareness to an epidemic affecting our country and the entire world. Pressure injuries and their associated com-plications lead to over 60,000 deaths in pa-tients per year, affect over 2 million Ameri-cans, and cost the United States health care system nearly $11 billion annually. Between 2016 and 2017, hospital-acquired pressure injury incidence rates increased by 58.4 percent. Clearly we need additional re-search to advance treatments for pressure in-jury patients. This will also relieve the financial burden on government and health care pro-viders around the country. World Wide Pressure Injury Prevention Day, observed annually on the third Thursday in November, and the National Pressure Ulcer/ Injury Prevention Day proposed in H. Res. 1133, serve as reminders for all that we must do more if we hope to overcome this chal-lenging health care dilemma. I look forward to working with the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee in considering H. Res. 1133 for the benefit of all Americans to reduce the prevalence and impact of this overlooked, yet devastating health care condi-tion. CONGRATULATING THE STERLING HIGH SCHOOL GOLDEN WAR-RIORS FOR WINNING THE CLASS 3A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP IN VOLLEYBALL HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Sterling High School Golden Warriors for earning the Class 3A title for the Illinois State Championship in volleyball. Claiming a state title is something to be proud of and I would like to recognize them for their tremendous accomplishment. Their dedi-cation and passion for their sport meant that they were determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. They are an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see them represent Sterling throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate the Sterling High School Golden Warriors Volleyball Team on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I erroneously voted YES on roll call vote number 418, and I would like to reflect that I intended to vote NO. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GERALDINE SAMS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Geraldine Sams, who passed away earlier this year. Although she was born and raised in Connecticut, Mrs. Sams leaves a strong legacy of compassion and dedication to North Texas. Mrs. Sams will be remembered for her long service to her fellow Americans. After earning her undergraduate degree at Central Con-necticut State University and a Master of So-cial Work from Columbia University, Mrs. Sams spent ten years as a social worker at the New York Presbyterian Hospital in Man-hattan. Later in 1979, she moved to Texas and continued to work at both the Denton State Supported Living Center and Lewisville Medical Center. In 1991, Mrs. Sams founded Geri-Options Geriatric Care Management, through which she helped countless North Texans and their families. In 2006, she pioneered Stepping Stones, a program to provide care for adults with de-mentia and support for their caregivers. Thanks to its success, the program has be-come a joint program with Texas Women’s University School of Occupational Therapy, where Mrs. Sams taught courses for students studying social work. Throughout her life, Mrs. Sams exemplified commitment to compassionate care. As an ac-tive member of the North Texas community, she was a founding member of AIDS of Den-ton and the South Central Chapter of the Aging Life Care Association. Mrs. Sams also was an active member of Health Services of North Texas and the Alzheimer’s Advisory Board. For her efforts, she was recognized with awards from both the National Associa-tion of Social Work and Health Services of North Texas. I am deeply grateful for Geraldine Sams’ long service, which touched the lives of North Texans and Americans around the country. On behalf of the 26th District of Texas, I rec-ognize her significant contributions to our re-gion, and express my condolences to her fam-ily and all who knew her. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN M
CGRAW 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of John McGraw, a World War II vet-eran and resident of Fulton, New York. On November 18, 2018, Mr. McGraw was recog-nized as the oldest member of the Fulton First United Methodist Church. A lifelong citizen of Central New York, Mr. McGraw has made vast contributions to his community and our nation. John McGraw was born in Fulton, New York in 1921. His father worked for the Sealright Company and John followed in his father’s footsteps. He worked as a mechanist at the local plant and helped produce paper con-tainers used for food and beverages. When America entered World War II in 1941, John answered the call of duty and began service with the United States Army. John was among the brave infantrymen who stormed the beach-es of Normandy on June 6th, 1944, as a part of the D-Day Invasion. Landing on Omaha Beach with B Company during the second wave of the invasion, John’s duty was to dis-arm active landmines so his fellow soldiers could advance up the beach. His courage, along with the courage of hundreds of other soldiers, helped make the D-Day Invasion a success and shifted momentum towards the Allies for the rest of World War II. Today, John is the last surviving member of B Company who fought in the D-Day Invasion. After the war, John continued to serve in the best interest of the public. He began working for the Fulton Auxiliary Police Force as an offi-cer in 1948 and remained there until 1963. While with the force, John diligently protected Fulton from crime by paying close attention to detail and taking action when he noticed injus-tice. In addition, he continued his work as a Sealright mechanist. His children joined him at the company, just as he had joined his father. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in celebrating the extraor-dinary life of John McGraw. He is exemplary of courage and honor, two values that are pil-lars of our country. Mr. McGraw’s service to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.002 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1533 November 16, 2018 
his community and country is a standard that all Americans should strive to live by. I thank him, as well as all our great veterans, for pro-tecting this great nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 418. 
f 
ANTIBIOTIC STEWARDSHIP 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of World Antibiotic Week to raise awareness of antibiotic resistance and of ways to reduce and prevent it. Antibiotic re-sistance is one of the most urgent threats to our nation’s public health, as it affects pa-tients, our health care system, and others worldwide. According to the CDC, each year about 2 million people are sickened due to re-sistant infections and 23,000 lives are lost. While antibiotics are highly effective at treating bacterial infections, overuse and misuse of antibiotics has led to resistant strains of bac-teria and so-called ‘‘super bugs’’ that are hard or impossible to treat and will spread to other people. This is why we must protect the integrity of our antibiotic arsenal. One way this is achieved is through effective stewardship. Stewardship is giving the right antibiotic to the right person at the right time. Patients must first be tested to determine if they have a bac-terial infection, then determine what type of in-fection, and lastly, determine the drug that best targets the infection. Without monitoring antibiotic usage, patients can be prescribed unnecessary antibiotics that lead to ineffective treatments. Healthcare professionals and hospitals are on the front lines in defending the public against antibiotic resistance, but they cannot do it alone. Effective stewardship programs need the right resources and funds to ensure that patient’s bacterial infections are properly prescribed and administered. When done cor-rectly, stewardship programs can reduce costs, improve patient outcomes, and reduce incidence of infections. Mr. Speaker, we must come together to ad-dress this critical public health concern. As hospitals and healthcare professionals come together to combat antibiotic resistance, we must stand alongside them and encourage the implementation and duration of stewardship programs. Our nation’s health depends on it. HONORING CHARITY DEAN, MD/ MPH HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the contributions of Dr. Charity Dean to Santa Barbara County’s Public Health Of-fice. Following rigorous medical studies and a master’s degree in public health and tropical medicine from Tulane University, Dr. Charity Dean began her distinguished career in Santa Barbara practicing internal medicine at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. She went on to serve in the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department as Physician Health Offi-cer. She also served as a commissioner at the First 5 Santa Barbara County Children and Families Commission and as a fellow at the California Health Care Foundation. Dr. Dean has been on the front lines of pub-lic health, striving to keep our community safe from serious illnesses. She played a crucial role in hospital disaster response in Santa Barbara County, especially after the Thomas Fire and January’s mudslide in Montecito. For her dedication to the health and wellbeing of Santa Barbara County, she has been recog-nized by many organizations, most recently as the Central Coast Medical Association’s 2017 Physician of the Year. As a newly appointed Assistant Director at the California Department of Health, she will touch the lives of all Califor-nians. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Dr. Dean on her service to Santa Barbara County and her new role at the California De-partment of Health. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN VOLPI 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Volpi of Lone Star Analysis, who will retire in December. His career leaves an indelible mark on the State of Texas and our nation. Born and raised in Chicago, John moved to Texas after graduate school at Michigan State. He joined Texas Instruments where he helped usher in modern radar technologies including low level terrain following, and he was a lead-er in commercial electronics including low cost LORAN. John’s teams created technologies that we all depend on today. He led the creation of miniaturized high-performance GPS. He led the development of smart cell phone antennas needed for 4G and 5G base stations. John was perhaps the most important influence at a critical point when DoD decided whether to use GPS for weapons. Today, we assume JDAM and many other smart munitions use GPS. That might not have happened without John’s influence. John is an expert in intellectual property. He holds a large number of patents, awarded and pending. He was a key voice in the patent strategy at Texas Instruments, and later at Raytheon. He left the world of large corporations to be-come Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Incucomm Inc., a business incubator. Incucomm played a critical role in the suc-cessful launch of several companies and touched more than 300 tech startups in North Texas. One of the companies born in that in-cubator was Lone Star Analysis, where John now serves as CTO. In 2012, John was awarded the Tech Titans Award for Corporate CTO by the DFW Metroplex Technology Business Counsel out of a pool of 4,000 firms. The Tech Titans Award was only one of many awards and ac-colades he has earned over his illustrious ca-reer. In addition to his achievements, John has been an important mentor and teacher in Science, Mathematics, Engineering and Tech-nology. John led Lone Star’s internship pro-gram for many years. In some cases, he per-sonally tutored young engineering students. His commitment was ‘‘none of our interns will fail any of their classes.’’ He has been an asset for North Texas universities and their students. In fact, he personally has taught nearly all the new employees at Lone Star. John leaves a legacy of excellence, com-passion, and impact. Texas and our nation are better places because of the life he has led. I am grateful for his service, and wish him well in his retirement. f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF EDGAR DAVID GROSS, WT2
CNAVY RE-SERVE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Edgar David Gross, WT2c Navy Reserve. Edgar was born on October 25, 1902 in Ath-ens, Alabama. He was the youngest of 10 children born to George and Susan Gross. Edgar was married to Anne Pearl Gross and did not have any children. Edgar was a water tender 2nd class (WT2c) in the U.S. Naval Re-serve and served aboard the USS Oklahoma (BB–37). He was killed on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, Ha-waii. The USS Oklahoma was moored at berth F–5, outboard of the USS Maryland, at Ford Island, Pearl Harbor when attached by Japa-nese forces. The USS Oklahoma suffered multiple torpedo hits which caused it to cap-size. 429 sailors and Marines were killed, in-cluding Edgar. Only 32 men were saved. In 2003, the POW/MIA Accounting Com-mand disinterred the first casket of unknowns from the USS Oklahoma to identify. The re-mainder of caskets were disinterred until 2015 and Edgar’s remains were identified officially on November 3, 2018. A funeral and burial ceremony for Edgar will be held on Memorial Day 2019 at Cherry Grove Baptist Church in Athens followed by his burial at the family cemetery, Evans Cem-etery. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the life of this brave American hero who is finally coming home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.006 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1534 November 16, 2018 
HONORING MAYOR MIKE OCHS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Mayor Mike Ochs for his contribution to our state and the City of North Vernon. Throughout his career, Mike has served Jennings County and the City of North Vernon with honor and integrity. From his time as a sheriff’s deputy to his service as mayor, Mike has made improving the quality of life in North Vernon and the surrounding area his main pri-ority. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Mike has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
PULMONARY HYPERTENSION AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Pulmonary Hypertension (PH) Awareness Month and the outstanding work of the Pulmonary Hypertension Association in the fight against this rare and debilitating disease. PH is a type of high blood pressure that oc-curs in the arteries of the lungs. It reflects the pressure the heart must apply to pump blood from the heart through the arteries of the lungs. As with a tangled hose, pressure builds up and backs up, forcing the heart to work harder and less oxygen to reach the body. PH symptoms generally include fatigue, dizziness, and shortness of breath with the severity of the disease correlating with its progression. If left undiagnosed or untreated it can lead to heat failure and death. When individuals are diagnosed with PH quickly and begin appropriate therapy, their prognosis and life-expectancy improve dra-matically. However, it currently takes an aver-age of 2.5 years to receive a diagnosis and three quarters of patients have severe PH when they are finally diagnosed. Without treat-ment, historical studies have shown a mean survival time of 2.8 years after diagnosis for pulmonary arterial hypertension. Patients with advanced PH cannot benefit as greatly from available therapies and often face dramatic and costly medical interventions, including 24- hour IV infused medication, increased risk for hospitalization and in some cases heart-lung transplantation. I am proud to represent the Pulmonary Hy-pertension Association, which is headquartered in my district in Silver Spring, Maryland. The Association is dedicated to ex-tending and improving the life of those af-fected by PH and was the first organization in the world dedicated to providing comprehen-sive PH patient and caregiver support, medical education, specialty care services that improve patients’ quality of life, and research funding. Thanks in large part to the Pulmonary Hyper-tension Association’s advocacy for continued investment in medical research and sustained scientific progress, there are 14 Food and Drug Administration-approved targeted treat-ment options for two forms of PH. Additionally, their efforts to establish a PH Program at the CDC focusing on education, awareness, and epidemiology activities that promote early and accurate diagnosis and quality care for PH are to be commended. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in recognizing November as Pul-monary Hypertension Awareness Month and to continue supporting federal activities that improve the lives of those with PH, including research programs at the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GARY CHAM-BER OF COMMERCE AND THE 11TH ANNUAL LAKESHORE CLAS-SIC 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I recognize the Gary Cham-ber of Commerce as the organization cele-brates the 11th annual Lakeshore Classic bas-ketball invitational. In observance of this spe-cial event, the Gary Chamber of Commerce will host a celebratory corporate luncheon at the Diamond Center in Gary, Indiana, on Tuesday, November 20, 2018, followed by the basketball invitational at West Side Leadership Academy on Friday, November 23, 2018, and Saturday, November 24, 2018. The theme for this year’s Lakeshore Clas-sic, ‘‘Step Up for Education,’’ aims to support the importance of fostering education for the continued success of student athletes through-out the region. The Gary Chamber of Com-merce has chosen Mr. LaTroy Hawkins, a Gary native and retired professional baseball player, as the keynote speaker for the lunch-eon. Born and raised in Gary, LaTroy grad-uated from West Side High School in 1991 and was drafted straight out of high school. In 1995, he made his Major League Baseball (MLB) debut, playing for the Minnesota Twins. Throughout his outstanding twenty-one-year big league career, LaTroy played for several teams and established an impressive re ´sume´. A testament to his preparation, determination, and talent, Mr. Hawkins became only the 13th pitcher in the history of the league to record a save against every team in baseball. He also ranks 10th on the all-time appearances list having pitched in 1,042 games, placing him in special company among baseball’s greats. LaTroy Hawkins retired from baseball on Octo-ber 25, 2015. For his truly impressive career, Mr. Hawkins was inducted into the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame earlier this year. Mr. Hawkins and his beloved family consist-ently devote much of their time to charitable efforts throughout the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond by feeding the homeless, helping students attend college, assisting vic-tims of domestic violence, and supplying uni-forms and equipment to the athletic program at LaTroy’s high school alma mater, West Side High School. LaTroy Hawkins has im-proved the lives of the youth in our commu-nities, and his legacy will continue to have an unforgettable impact for generations to come. At this time, I would like to recognize the schools participating in the Lakeshore Classic basketball tournament. These schools are dedicated to positively impacting Northwest In-diana through academic excellence and sportsmanship, and they are successful in their efforts. The participating schools include West Side Leadership Academy, John Mar-shall Metropolitan High School, Thea Bowman Leadership Academy, George Washington High School, Theodore Roosevelt College and Career Academy, Calumet New Tech High School, and Michigan City Marquette Catholic High School. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in recognizing the Gary Chamber of Commerce, the organizers and sponsors of the 11th an-nual Lakeshore Classic, and the devoted vol-unteers who make this event possible. Their influence, passion, and dedication to our youth in Northwest Indiana are truly commendable. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, I missed roll call vote 418, on H. Res. 1142. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: Nay on roll call vote 418. 
f 
HONORING OUR VETERANS 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this Vet-erans’ Day week to express my gratitude to those who served our country and those who continue to serve. Throughout our history, we have asked our brave men and women in uniform to do ex-traordinary things all over the world. In return, we made a promise to provide them the best benefits, education, and health care possible. One of the most important parts of my job is to make sure that veterans in my district get the benefits they’ve earned. I’ve heard about the months-long delays veterans face in obtaining GI Bill benefits, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to fix the situation. That’s because our nation’s leaders must honor our veterans, rain or shine. I am happy that we will be joined in the next Congress by a new generation of veterans, in-cluding a record number of women veterans. I look forward to working with them to fulfill the promise of Veterans’ Day this week and all year long. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.011 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1535 November 16, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SHIRLEY MILLER KAY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebra-tion of Shirley Miller Kay’s 100th birthday. Ms. Miller Kay has served as a symbol of women’s empowerment throughout her life and holds the great distinction of being the first female from Syracuse to enlist in the United States Navy. Shirley Miller Kay was born in Syracuse, New York in 1918 to a family with deep Cen-tral New York roots. Her father owned a tailing and furring business, which Shirley assisted with upon graduating from Nottingham High School. Additionally, she was an athlete and natural leader, serving as president of her high school’s drama club. In 1942, President Franklin Roosevelt cre-ated the Women’s United States Naval Re-serve, better known as WAVES. The program arrived in Syracuse in 1943 and Shirley quick-ly applied to be a part of the service. When she was approved for WAVES a few weeks later, Shirley learned from the commanding of-ficer that she was the first recruit accepted from the Syracuse recruiting station. Upon re-ceiving her rank of apprentice seaman, she made history by becoming the first female Syracusan enlisted in the Navy. Shirley deployed for basic training in Iowa during April of 1943, where she took special-ized courses to learn skills such as parachute rigging. She completed basic training and was officially a member of the Navy Reserves. Shirley used her opportunity with the Navy Re-serves to advocate for equal pay for female members of the Navy, a movement which was ultimately successful. After World War II, Shir-ley moved to Maryland and continued her suc-cess in a number of professional jobs. She worked as a Counseling Manager at the Uni-versity of Maryland, and then helped run a local real estate company. She lived in Mary-land for 15 years before returning home to Central New York where she has resided since. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in recognizing the remark-able life of Shirley Miller Kay. She continues to live a life exemplary of equality and service, two values that all Americans should strive to hold themselves to. I thank Shirley, as well as all our veterans, for their courage and dedica-tion to our great nation. 
f 
HONORING SCOTT AND TARA SMALSTIG 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Scott and Tara Smalstig for their contribution to our state and their community. The Smalstigs are an institution in Delaware County and have spent their lives devoted to improving their community. I have known Scott and Tara for over 20 years, as they set Jen-nifer and me up on a blind date in Muncie. Scott is an executive at Meridian Health Serv-ices and spends his free time giving back to the community and coaching youth sports. Tara is an attorney at a law firm in Muncie and is continually recognized for excellence in the legal profession. She has also spent years serving on local boards and volunteering for community organizations. Without a doubt, Delaware County is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service. This may go without saying, but the Smalstigs were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I would like to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. The Messer family cherishes the time we get to spend with them, and we wish them all the best in whatever God has planned for their family. f 
RECOGNIZING RURAL HOSPITAL WEEK 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of Rural Hospital Week and in support of the critical role rural hospitals, and the health care professionals that choose to serve rural communities, play in our health care sys-tem. Roughly 1 in 5 Americans live in rural areas, and often, hospitals are one of the main economic drivers of their communities. In fact, hospitals account for 14 percent of total rural employment nationwide. In this way, rural hospitals keep not just their patients healthy, but the economies of their local communities as well. Despite the important role that hospitals play in rural America, a disturbing trend of clo-sures threatens the availability of care for mil-lions of rural Americans. According to a study published by the GAO in August of this year, 64 rural hospitals closed between 2013 and 2017. This rate of closure is more than double that of the previous 5-year period, and ac-counts for roughly 3 percent of all rural hos-pitals. Mr. Speaker, I hope that you and the rest of our colleagues will join me in celebrating Rural Hospital Week, as well as the talented health care professionals and hospitals that make high quality care possible. I hope you will also join me in seeking solutions that maintain the availability of this high-quality care for all Americans. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. GENNARO R. PIRAINO, JR. 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to congratulate Dr. Gennaro R. Piraino, Jr., for his selection as the 2019 Pennsylvania Superintendent of the Year. A Western Pennsylvania native, Gennaro earned his Doctor of Education in Administra-tive and Policy Studies at the University of Pittsburgh and serves as the Superintendent of Schools for the Franklin Regional School District. A leader in both the educational and local communities, Gennaro has served on Penn-sylvania’s School Safety and Security Com-mittee since June of 2018 and has been a major advocate in sculpting a well-rounded academic environment for students to flourish. He is also an active member on various boards of local leadership groups, including but not limited to, the Board of Directors for the Westmoreland Chamber of Commerce, the Tri-State Study Council’s Executive Board, and the Fanklin Regional Panther Foundation. At the same time, Gennaro’s focus on build-ing strong, dynamic young leaders is un-matched. Recognizing that a student’s suc-cess extends beyond the classroom, Gennaro has been instrumental in promoting students’ personal and professional development by creating and expanding educational programs and partnerships. The Superintendent of the Year award is given to those who exemplify leadership in learning, professionalism, communications skills, and involvement in the community. The Pennsylvania Association of School Adminis-trators could not have chosen a better bene-ficiary. Gennaro’s commitment to improving opportunities for students, empowering them to dream big and encouraging them to pursue excellence in all aspects of life, rightfully de-serves this award. Congratulations again, Gennaro, on receiving this prestigious award. You have made the people of Western Pennsylvania incredibly proud. f 
CONGRATULATING MARCUS SMITH ON WINNING HIS CLASS 1A GOLF STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marcus Smith, from Winnebago High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in golf. I would like to recognize Mr. Smith for his tremendous accomplishment. His dedication and passion for golf meant that he was deter-mined to win gold. As a former athlete, I un-derstand the amount of hard work and com-mitment to be awarded such a title. He is an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent Winnebago throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Marcus Smith on his title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.016 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1536 November 16, 2018 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL POLICE CAMERA AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I, along with Representative D
ONALD S. B EYER JR., in- troduce the Federal Police Camera and Ac-countability Act of 2018. This bill would require uniformed federal law enforcement officers to wear body cameras and marked police vehi-cles to have dashboard cameras. It would also require the Government Accountability Office to conduct a study on federal police officers’ training, vehicle pursuits, use of force and interaction with citizens. On November 17, 2017, Bijan Ghaisar was fatally shot in his car by uniformed U.S. Park Police officers in Fairfax County, Virginia, after a vehicle pursuit on the George Washington Memorial Parkway. Video of this shooting only became available through a camera in a Fair-fax County Police Department patrol car that was providing backup. Had it not been for that footage, which was recorded and released by that local police department, the public would not have had access to the circumstances sur-rounding Mr. Ghaisar’s death. Moreover, the footage revealed concerns about the Park Po-lice’s pursuit and engagement policies. Body-worn and dashboard cameras for fed-eral law enforcement officers are particularly important for the officers stationed in the na-tion’s capital, where Park Police and the uni-formed division of the U.S. Secret Service have full local police powers. Many other fed-eral police also have local police powers near their respective agency buildings in the Dis-trict. Cameras can increase transparency for individual interactions with police, strengthen public trust and even deter future criminal be-havior. For example, when criminals know that they are being recorded by a dashboard cam-era, they may be less likely to flee the scene of a traffic accident because they realize that their license plate will be documented. Crimi-nals may also be less likely to batter an officer because the recording may be used as evi-dence. On the other hand, officers will also be less likely to commit offenses for the same reason. Body-worn and dashboard cameras can also be used to train current and future of-ficers more effectively in best and worst prac-tices. An increasing number of local law enforce-ment officers, including those in the District of Columbia, are wearing body cameras and using dashboard cameras. It is clear that both law enforcement and the public would benefit from federal officers following suit to increase transparency and maintain public trust. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN BROWN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of John Brown, a consummate public servant who is retiring from his role as City Manager of the City of Petaluma, Cali-fornia, after ten years of excellent service. Born into a family with a strong emphasis on the value of public service, John Brown embarked on what would be a 35-year career in local government beginning in 1983. For 25 years, Mr. Brown worked directly for three cit-ies and one county in Northern California and Oregon. His roles during this time steadily evolved in responsibility, from financial and project analysis to city management and coun-ty administration. Mr. Brown developed a rep-utation for his acumen in producing balanced budgets while ensuring economic growth and sustaining important government services. This expertise became invaluable in 2008, when Mr. Brown left his position as City Man-ager of the City of Woodburn, Oregon, to be-come the City Manager of the City of Petaluma. When John Brown took over as Petaluma City Manager, the city was feeling the full im-pacts of the global recession. Seemingly unphased by the challenge before him, Mr. Brown spent the next ten years dramatically re-shaping the city’s budget while maintaining important city services. He spent the first three years of his tenure reducing general fund spending by a third, while also cutting non-es-sential city staff. These cuts were difficult at the time, but they allowed the city to outpace the fallout of the financial crisis. Following this period of austerity, Mr. Brown focused on growing the city’s local amenities and opportu-nities for economic development by bringing in new retail, tourism, and mixed-use develop-ments into the city. He also worked tirelessly to tackle the city’s lingering debt repayment issues, improving the city’ s credit rating in the process. Altogether, these policies eventually paid dividends and the city rebuilt its reserve fund to pre-recession levels, hired back city staff and expanded city services. Today, the City of Petaluma is on firm economic footing, and prepared for a bright future. None of this would have been possible without John Brown’s leadership. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for John Brown’s extraor-dinary leadership in the face of a global reces-sion, and to congratulate him on his retire-ment. f 
HONORING STATE SENATOR DOUG ECKERTY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Senator Doug Eckerty for his contribution to our state. For nearly a decade, Doug has represented Delaware, Henry and Madison counties with honor and integrity in the Indiana General As-sembly. He continues to be a strong advocate on a wide variety of important issues, includ-ing education, workforce, and environmental policy. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Doug has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. I want to thank him for his friendship and suppmt of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MARK HASKETT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the service of Deputy Assistant Director Mark Haskett on the occasion of his retirement from the Naval Criminal Investiga-tive Service. Deputy Assistant Director Haskett has honored our country with 42 years of pro-fessional service, first as a United States Ma-rine, and then as a member of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, reflecting his enduring commitment to the wellbeing of our nation. Before his career in public service began, Mr. Haskett grew up in the small town of Union, Michigan and graduated from Con-stantine High School in 1972. After five years of education and work experience, Mr. Haskett enlisted in the Marine Corps, reporting to Ma-rine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego on Au-gust 1, 1977. He served as a field wireman at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, attaining the rank of sergeant before his selection for the Enlisted Commissioning Program. On July 1, 1979, Mr. Haskett was commissioned a sec-ond lieutenant, and assigned the military occu-pation specialty of Combat Engineer Officer. Ultimately reaching the rank of lieutenant colo-nel, Mr. Haskett held many posts over his 27- year Marine Corps career from Deputy Camp Commander at Camp Schwab in Okinawa, Japan, to Director of Installations and Logistics for the Marine Corps Logistics Base in Bar-stow, California. During his Headquarters Ma-rine Corps tour, he demonstrated his capa-bility, proving instrumental in fielding the As-sault Breacher Vehicle which saw combat service. In 2004, Mr. Haskett retired from the Marine Corps and was hired by the Naval Criminal In-vestigative Service. In his service as Deputy Assistant Director, he administered internal se-curity programs and provided facility and sup-port for special agents and professional staff operating from nearly two hundred facilities. Mr. Haskett proved his determination and leadership as an instrumental NCIS principal involved in the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure decision to move the Agency’s head-quarters from the Washington Navy Yard to Marine Corps Base Quantico in Stafford Coun-ty, Virginia in order to collocate it with four other defense investigative partner agencies. The 719,000 square foot Russell-Knox Build-ing was designed and built for this purpose, and the collocation took place during the sum-mer of 2011. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Deputy Assistant Director Mark Haskett’s lifetime of accomplishment and dedi-cation. An admirable example of leadership and service, and a proud and outstanding member of our community, may God bless Mr. Haskett and his family as they begin a new chapter in life. On behalf of America’s First District, we say thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.021 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1537 November 16, 2018 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MAUREEN SHEEDY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Maureen Sheedy, a beloved member of the Camillus community and life- long Central New Yorker. Known for her kind-ness and compassion for others, Maureen was highly active in many Central New York community service initiatives throughout her life. Maureen Sheedy was born on December 5th, 1943 in Syracuse, New York. She grad-uated from the Most Holy Rosary School and enrolled in classes at Nazareth College in Rochester. Upon completing her college edu-cation, she returned to Central New York and settled in Camillus to start her family. Addition-ally, Maureen made vast contributions to the community by working to improve local parks through employment with Camillus Parks and Recreation. Maureen will be remembered most for her strong efforts to help those in need, as well as her commitment to her family and community. She spent much time volunteering with the Fu-neral Guild by preparing meals for mourners, and helping to deliver food to seniors through Meals on Wheels. Maureen was also very de-voted to her church, Holy Family, where she worshipped for over 50 years and belonged to the Alter Rosary Society. As a mother, she selflessly raised her five children and opened her home to children out-side her family. Along with her husband Jim, Maureen organized a neighborhood block party for over 35 years to strengthen the bond of her local community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in remembering the remark-able life of Maureen Sheedy. She always strived to improve her local community and understood the importance of family values. The dedication to service and kindness she displayed throughout her life is exemplary of the high standard Americans should live by. She will be dearly missed by her family and the Central New York community. 
f 
BEVERLY LOWRY RETIRES FROM BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MOJAVE WATER AGENCY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor Beverly Lowry for her serv-ice on the Board of Directors of the Mojave Water Agency in Apple Valley California. Bev, as she is affectionately known by most, began her distinguished career in the water industry serving her first term with the Mojave Water Agency through 1976, and later was re-elect-ed in 1989, serving continuously since that time. Bev has held the position of President of the Board of Directors in 1993 and from 1996 through 1999, and again from 2014 through 2016. Bev has been a Barstow area resident for more than 50 years. She and her late hus-band Al settled in Barstow in 1966 where she has lived since with her two sons and two grandsons close by. She has led a lengthy and distinguished career in public service, in-cluding her current term as a Director at Mo-jave Water District representing Division 6, which encompasses the greater Barstow area. During her tenure with Mojave, Bev has seen the agency transform as the desert com-munities have grown. As an advocate for water rights and integrated planning Bev worked to secure community participation in the Agency’s first Integrated Regional Water Management Plan in 2004, as well as subse-quent updates of the plan. Bev also oversaw the completion of multiple other projects and initiatives that would ultimately aid the region in continuing to supply water as the state of California faced extreme drought conditions. Her passion and service extend throughout the community serving in several roles where she worked on behalf of the larger region. While I have enjoyed working with Bev, I also asked former Congressman Jerry Lewis to join me in thanking her for her service. Congress-man Lewis said, ‘‘Bev’s dedication to the Mo-jave Water Agency is to be commended. It was a privilege to work with her while I was a Member of Congress. In addition to calling her a great public servant, it is a privilege to call her my friend.’’ Marking her 34 years of well-respected service, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing Bev well in her retirement. Her decades of service to the Mojave Water Agency is inspirational, and I am grateful for her contributions to the community and state of California. f 
HONORING SAM AND CATHY HARVEY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Sam and Cathy Har-vey for their contribution to our state and their community. The Harveys have made a positive and last-ing impact in Connersville and Fayette County through their extraordinary public service. They continue to embody exactly what ‘‘Hoo-sier hospitality’’ is meant to be. As the former County Chairman, Sam spent years helping promote and advance Republican principles in Fayette County. I could always count on Sam and Cathy for honest feedback and advice. Our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, the Harveys were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I would like to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. RECOGNIZING RURAL HOSPITALS ON NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH DAY HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize all of our rural hospitals on National Rural Health Day. Small towns and rural communities across our country face unique obstacles, and access to affordable quality care is one of them. Our doctors, nurses, and other rural hospital employees work tirelessly to help patients overcome many of the health care challenges they face on a daily basis, including limited ac-cess to primary care providers and specialists. Additionally, rural hospitals face larger finan-cial barriers. That is why I have continually fought for Medicare and The Affordable Care Act which are critical lifelines for rural patients and providers. Medicaid expansion alone has provided nearly 1.7 million additional rural Americans with access to care. As an advocate for rural America, I have also helped to overcome these obstacles by expanding broadband access and removing barriers to telehealth that have the ability to provide 21st century care. I introduced the Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarifica-tion Act with my colleague Congressman B
UDDY CARTER . I was proud to see our com-mon sense provision signed into law that will provide more treatment options to rural com-munities through telemedicine. On National Rural Health Day, it is impor-tant that we take a moment to thank those who serve our nation in rural hospitals and provide access to quality health care. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pro-vide the resources necessary to ensure the health of rural America is never left behind. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF ELLA PHILLIPS STEWART 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to in-form you and our colleagues about a special ceremony that took place in Berryville, Virginia on October 6, 2018, to honor the extraordinary life of Ella Phillips Stewart, an African-Amer-ican woman born in 1893, in the Longmarsh District of Clarke County, that is situated in the beautiful Shenandoah Valley. Ella’s parents, Henry H. Phillips and Eliza T. Phillips, were sharecroppers who chose to send Ella to live with Henry’s mother in the village of Stringtown, outside of Berryville. An out-standing student, Ella won several major scholarships to what was then the Storer Nor-mal School, later Storer College, a historically African-American College in Harpers Ferry, Virginia. Ella’s upbringing in Clarke County provided her with the values and education that were a foundation for later professional success and national and international rec-ognition. After successfully matriculating from Storer, Ella was accepted by the University of Pitts-burgh’s School of Pharmacy and became the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.025 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1538 November 16, 2018 
first African-American woman to graduate from that program in 1916. In the same year, Stew-art passed the state examination, becoming the first African-American female pharmacist in the state of Pennsylvania. An entrepreneur at heart, Ella soon opened her own drugstore at the General Hospital in Braddock, Pennsyl-vania and, in 1918, moved back to Pittsburgh, where she again established her own busi-ness, Myers Pharmacy. After practicing as pharmacists in Youngstown, Ohio for a couple of years, she and her husband, William Wyatt Stewart, a fellow graduate of the University of Pittsburgh’s Pharmacy School, opened Stew-art’s Pharmacy in Toledo, Ohio, in 1922, which they operated until 1945, when they sold the business and retired. Located in Tole-do’s Pinewood District, the pharmacy was a popular neighborhood gathering place. The Stewarts, who owned the building and lived in the spacious apartment above the pharmacy, often hosted special visitors from out of town, including Marian Anderson and W.E.B. Du Bois. Despite the inherent challenges of success-fully operating a drug store and pharmacy, Ella Phillips Stewart found the time and en-ergy to be involved in numerous civic organi-zations during her working career and in re-tirement. Her activities at a local level included leadership in the Young Women’s Christian Association (YWCA), the local chapter of the NAACP and the Enterprise Charity Club, a so-cial service organization run by African-Amer-ican women. From 1944 to 1948, she served as president of the Ohio Association of Col-ored Women, and from 1948 to 1952, as president of the National Association of Col-ored Women’s Clubs (NACWC). As leader of the NACWC, Stewart forcefully spoke out against segregation, discrimination and racial stereotyping. In 1961, she became an inau-gural member of the Toledo Board of Commu-nity Relations, which worked to improve race relations in the city, and to ensure enforce-ment of civil rights laws. As Ella Stewart’s na-tional stature grew, she was asked to serve in a variety of roles at the national and inter-national levels. She was appointed by Presi-dent Dwight Eisenhower in the post-World War II era, as a member of the Women’s Ad-visory Committee on U.S. Defense Manpower and, in 1959, she was appointed to the Na-tional Advisory Committee for the White House Conference on Aging. Comfortable working in an international set-ting, Ella Stewart was appointed as an Amer-ican delegate to the International Conference of Women of the World, held in Athens, Greece, in 1952. She subsequently spent time during the 1950s touring as a goodwill ambas-sador for the United States, traveling to Paki-stan, India, Ceylon (Sri Lanka), the Phil-ippines, Japan and Hong Kong, among other nations. In 1963, she was appointed to the United States commission of the United Na-tions Educational, Scientific and Cultural Orga-nization (UNESCO), traveling to many nations as an ambassador advocating for improved education and literacy around the world. Along her life’s journey, Ella received many awards and honors, including as an original inductee into the Ohio Women’s Hall of Fame, recipient of the Doctorate of Humane Letters from the University of Toledo and similar honors from the University of Pittsburgh. Yet, the recogni-tion she treasured the most was having an el-ementary school in Toledo named after her, the Ella P. Stewart Academy for Girls, in 1961, which now has a museum that houses Stew-art’s plaques and awards, and the memora-bilia she collected on her many international tours. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in honoring the life of an ex-traordinary African-American woman and fa-vorite daughter of Clarke County, born into poverty during the era of segregation, who overcame these disadvantages by applying the values she learned as a child growing up in tiny Stringtown, Virginia, and making the most of the education she received during those difficult times, to become a fearless trail-blazer in her profession of Pharmacy, a suc-cessful businesswoman, a civil rights leader who worked for greater harmony among var-ious races and cultures, and an American goodwill ambassador who successfully contrib-uted to greater international peace and under-standing. 
f 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP DAY 2018 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in honor of Women’s Entrepreneurship Day which is celebrated around the world each year on November 19th. Women are majority owners of 9.9 million American businesses which generate $1.4 tril-lion in annual sales and employ more than 8.4 million workers. Ninety-nine percent of women-owned businesses are small busi-nesses, and 47 percent of all American minor-ity-owned businesses are also women-owned. I applaud these women entrepreneurs and their economically-vital businesses. I applaud Wendy Diamond, who has per-sonally spearheaded the Women’s Entrepre-neurship Day movement. Since her campaign launched in 2013, her Women’s Entrepreneur-ship Day organization has funded 500 Syrian refugee girls in Jordan so they could attend high school, launched an initiative in Oman to empower women and girls to vote against ar-ranged marriage, and partnered with a Uru-guayan university to offer scholarships to young women. Women’s Entrepreneurship Day is now celebrated in 144 countries and 65 universities and colleges internationally, with numerous global ambassadors. The Women’s Entrepreneurship Day mission is to empower the four billion women worldwide to be cata-lysts of change, and uplift the over 250 million girls living in poverty around the world. This week, Ms. Diamond is hosting a Wom-en’s Entrepreneurship Day event in New York City at the United Nations in order to em-power, celebrate, and support women and girls globally to alleviate poverty. During this event, Ms. Diamond and her or-ganization will be honoring the following indi-viduals with the following awards: Anna Sui—fashion designer and founder, Anna Sui brand—Fashion Pioneer Award. Ei-leen Murray—Co-CEO, Bridgewater Associ-ates—Financial Pioneer Award. Shannon Dellimore—Co-Founder, GLAMGLOW—Beau-ty Pioneer Award. Shanu Hinduja—Chair, Hinduja Bank in Switzerland; Chair, Hinduja Foundation US; and Co-Chair and Director of Hinduja Global Solutions Inc.—Philanthropy Pioneer Award. Princess Ma¨rtha Louise of Norway—Chair, Princess Ma¨rtha Louise’s Fund—Political Pio-neer Award. Kathleen King—Founder, Tate’s Bake Shop—Culinary Pioneer Award. Mary Ann Thompson-Frenk—President and Co-Founder, Memnosyne Institute, and Presi-dent and Co-Founder, The John Philp Thomp-son Foundation—Civic Pioneer Award. Shelley Zalis—Founder and CEO, Online Testing Exchange, and Founder and CEO, The Female Quotient—Technology Pioneer Award. Mr. Speaker, I urge the entire House to rec-ognize these remarkable role models, and to celebrate Women’s Entrepreneurship Day this year and every year moving forward. f 
HONORING RICK REUSS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Rick Reuss for his contribution to our state and country. Rick is a true patriot, and is someone I could always rely on to shoot straight and hold me accountable to our shared guiding con-servative principles. Over the years, I have spent time with Rick at hundreds of events all across the state and I’ve even appeared on his radio show. It has been an honor to work with him. Our state is better off today because of Rick’s extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Rick is among my fa-vorite people that I met on this journey in Con-gress. He is smart, strong, honest, and loyal. Although we sometimes disagree, with Rick, you always know where you stand. I want to thank Rick for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
HONORING THE ANNUAL SAN JOSE VETERANS DAY PARADE 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues, U.S. House Rep-resentatives A
NNA ESHOO , ROKHANNA , and J
IMMY PANETTA , to honor the annual Veterans Day Parade in our community and to take a moment to acknowledge the selfless sacrifices of our veterans, who have fearlessly served our nation at home and abroad. This year marks the 100th Anniversary of Armistice. Armistice Day, celebrated each year on November 11, commemorates the armi-stice signed between the Allies of World War I and Germany, which took effect on the elev-enth hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month to end hostilities on the western Front of World War I. Each year, to observe this im-portant Anniversary in our community, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 17:49 Feb 06, 2019 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\E16NO8.REC E16NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1539 November 16, 2018 
United Veterans Council of Santa Clara Coun-ty helps conduct the Annual San Jose Vet-erans Day Parade. One of the largest parades in California, the San Jose Veterans Day Parade’ serves to rec-ognize and celebrate, with gratitude and ap-preciation, all those who have served and con-tinue to serve with the U.S. Armed Forces. This year’s theme of the Parade is, ‘‘A Cen-tury of Honoring Those Who Serve.’’ Indeed, this occasion provides us with an opportunity to recognize our veterans, who serve to pro-tect our freedom and foster the safety and prosperity that we enjoy as a nation. We gath-er to acknowledge also the families of all those who serve our nation and express our gratitude to them for their ongoing, steadfast support of our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, we hereby recognize and com-mend those members of our U.S. Armed Forces, who have dedicated their lives in serv-ice of our country, as well as their families and communities, who have supported their serv-ice to our country. During our annual San Jose Veterans Day Parade, our community unites in celebration of all those who dedicate their lives to preserve and protect our way of life and our future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BLACK CREEK VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commendation of the 50th anniversary of Black Creek Volunteer Fire Department based in Hanover County, Virginia. For the past 50 years, the Black Creek Volunteer Fire Depart-ment has proved indispensable to the Hanover community, not only protecting the lives of Hanover residents, but also serving as a uni-fying and cultural pillar of the community. The Black Creek Volunteer Fire Department was formed in the spring of 1968 with approxi-mately 30 members under the guidance and direction of then-President Douglas Mantlo, and the first Fire Chief, John Peace. Since the volunteer fire unit’s founding, its members have served the public with distinction, risking their lives for the sake of others and building community through events like the Hanover Tomato Festival which the fire company start-ed in 1978 and has continued to host every year. The beginnings of the Tomato Festival were modest. Created as a fundraiser for the volun-teer fire company as well as a way to cele-brate the Hanover community, it featured a small parade, several fire department competi-tions, tomato judging contests and eleven ven-dors of food and crafts. This year, celebrating its 40th anniversary, the festival boasted record-breaking attendance, live music, and over 150 vendors. The 50th anniversary of the Black Creek Volunteer Fire Company is a testament to the organization’s long-standing commitment to the Hanover community. Whether it is the brave firefighters risking their lives to rescue the people of the area, or the cheerful commit-ment of the volunteer force to building a sense of neighborliness and fellowship in their com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing the Black Creek Volunteer Fire Com-pany on their 50th anniversary as an organiza-tion, and in commending their dedicated ef-forts of lifesaving service and enthusiastic community-building. An admirable example of leadership and devotion, and an outstanding cornerstone of our community, I commend the Black Creek Volunteer Fire Company on their accomplishments and wish them further suc-cess as they continue to serve our community. On behalf of America’s First District, we say congratulations. f 
HONORING MICHAEL DORA 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 16, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Michael Dora for his contribution to our state and Rush County. As the former County Chairman, Michael spent years promoting and advancing Repub-lican principles in Rush County. He has also served his community in a variety of other ca-pacities, including as a volunteer EMT, fire-fighter, and youth sports coach. In 2017, Mi-chael was appointed by President Trump to serve as State Director for the United States Department of Agriculture’s Rural Develop-ment in Indiana. The impact Michael continues to make on Rush County cannot be over-stated, and our state is better off today be-cause of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Michael has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire tenure in Congress. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.032 E16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1186 Friday, November 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 3:00:03 p.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 3:00:36 p.m. until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 20, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7139–7161; 1 private bill, H.R. 7162; and 7 resolutions, H. Res. 1149–1155, were introduced.
                                                            Pages H9567–68 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9569 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6665, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to apply to territories of the United States, to establish offshore wind lease sale require-ments, to provide dedicated funding for coral reef conservation, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1029); H.R. 3133, to amend the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 to reduce unnecessary permitting delays by clarifying associated procedures to increase economic development and support coastal restora-tion programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1030); H.R. 553, to redesignate Gravelly Point Park, lo-cated along the George Washington Memorial Park-way in Arlington County, Virginia, as the Nancy Reagan Memorial Park, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1031); H.R. 1349, to amend the Wilderness Act to en-sure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1032); H.R. 1662, to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smoking in any facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1033); H.R. 6066, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the productivity of the manage-ment of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1034); H.R. 1675, to establish a national program to identify and reduce losses from landslide hazards, to establish a national 3D Elevation Program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1035, Part 1); and H.R. 4243, to establish a commission for the pur-pose of making recommendations regarding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Vet-erans Health Administration, to improve construc-tion and management leases of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to amend and appropriate funds for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1036, Part 1).
                                                                            Page H9567 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H9541 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, November 13th. Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018: H.R. 5787, amended, to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO8.REC D16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1187 November 16, 2018 
mapping of such units, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 375 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 419.
                     Page H9550 
Manage our Wolves Act: The House passed H.R. 6784, to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973, by a recorded vote of 196 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 420. 
                                                                Pages H9543–50, H9550–51 
H. Res. 1142, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) was agreed to Wednesday, November 14th. Extending the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Ad-ministration disaster loans: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3554, to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration dis-aster loans.
                                                                    Page H9551 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, November 20th. 
                                                                                            Page H9551 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H9550. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9550 and H9551. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:01 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO8.REC D16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1188 November 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10:30 a.m., Tuesday, November 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1534 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1531, E1532, E1533 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1532, E1535, E1537 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E1533 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1537 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1537 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E1532 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1532 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1531 Green, Gene, Tex., E1533 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E1531 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1536 Katko, John, N.Y., E1532, E1535, E1537 Larson, John B., Conn., E1534 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1538 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1538 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1534, E1535, E1536, E1537, E1538, E1539 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1536 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1533 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1531 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E1534 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1535 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1533 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E1535 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1531 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1534 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1536, E1539 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 17, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16NO8.REC D16NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST