Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3065 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2018 No. 57 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. M
IMI WALTERS of Cali-fornia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 10, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IMIWAL-
TERS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE LOUISIANA NATIONAL GUARD YOUTH CHAL-LENGE PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I rise today to highlight the Louisiana National Guard Youth Challenge Pro-gram, a wonderful program that is changing young people’s lives and mak-ing Louisiana a better place. Youth Challenge accepts high-risk students 16 to 18 years of age, and of-fers them the education, training, and emotional support they need to finish their high school equivalency require-ments, and gives them the life skills that they need to be productive adults. These students face challenges com-pleting their education in traditional classroom settings. Some come from troubled homes, some are victims of se-vere bullying, some have their own dis-cipline and anger issues, some have fallen so far behind in the coursework that they feel they cannot finish, and some have already dropped out of high school. Youth Challenge offers them the second chance that they need to get back on the path to success. The Youth Challenge Program lasts 17 months, 5 months of which are at residential sites. We have three camps in Louisiana: Camp Minden near Shreveport, Camp Beauregard in cen-tral Louisiana, and the Gillis Long Center near Baton Rouge. While there, students learn from the structure and discipline offered by the military. They drill early in the morn-ing and pursue coursework and job training in the afternoon. They also learn life skills and hear from motiva-tional speakers and anti-substance abuse experts. I recently had the privilege of speak-ing at a graduation ceremony in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and there are fewer things that are more inspiring than seeing the faces of these young people who have worked hard to turn their lives around and successfully complete the program. Youth Challenge students also give back to the community. They complete at least 40 hours of community service that usually is focused on helping vet-erans, working with children, and vol-unteering with Special Olympics. While Youth Challenge Programs exist in States across the Nation, none has been more successful than in Lou-isiana. According to the Louisiana Na-tional Guard, more than 1,400 students graduate per year, which is more than any other State, and 83 percent of these pass the GED, which is the high-est rate in the Nation. After completing the program, grad-uates can continue their education, join the military, or get full-time em-ployment. Many businesses in Lou-isiana recognize the value of these hardworking students and actively seek to employ them. The Youth Challenge Program relies largely on Federal support, and it is an endeavor we in Congress should all sup-port. Youth Challenge is also asking Con-gress to consider pilot programs aimed specifically at job training and appren-ticeship programs. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I look forward to discussing this request with my colleagues as we consider the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. In conclusion, I want to thank the Louisiana National Guard instructors who give so much of themselves to this program and make it a wonderful suc-cess. It is because of their dedication that these students do have a second chance to succeed and become thriving, productive adult members of our soci-ety. Madam Speaker, I look forward to seeing where the future of this program goes and the lives it has yet to change. f 
RECOGNIZING KANSAS STATE UNI-VERSITY’S KANSAS WHEAT IN-NOVATION CENTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to highlight my alma mater, Kansas State University, and the Kan-sas Wheat Innovation Center, which I had the honor and the pleasure of tour-ing over this Easter work period. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.000 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3066 April 10, 2018 
center works to strengthen the produc-tivity of farmers both in Kansas and around the world. The Wheat Innovation Center is the result of a public-private partnership. It was built in 2011 by the Kansas Wheat Commission, a grower-funded organization that promotes Kansas wheat through increased international trade and research. The innovation center now encom-passes 15,000 square feet of advanced plant breeding space and 20,000 square feet of greenhouse space dedicated to advancing wheat genetics. In addition to the innovative center, Kansas State is also home to four Feed the Future labs, the most of any uni-versity in the country. Feed the Future labs are funded by USAID and are focused on supporting research and land-grant universities to grow the agricultural production of target countries. Much of that research is tasked with improving the resilience and adaption of crops in arid climates, a climate not unlike that of Kansas. As the global population rises to 8 billion people by 2030, the technology developed by partnerships like the one in the Kansas Wheat Innovation Center will only become more essential. We must continue to be proactive in the fight to end global hunger by pooling resources to strengthen agriculture for developing countries abroad and our own Kansas farmers at home. The collaboration and leadership shown by Kansas Wheat, Kansas State University, and the Feed the Future in-novation labs is a blueprint for finding solutions to feeding our growing world and improving the global food system. 
INVESTING IN OUR COUNTRY AND OUR  
INFRASTRUCTURE INITIATIVES  
Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, rural America is poised to reignite into an economic powerhouse, but its low population density and wide-open spaces have proven difficult for some businesses to operate, given its often outdated infrastructure. Without Federal incentives to help bridge the financial gap, many rural American businesses struggle to access the same services as their urban coun-terparts at comparable prices. This Congress recently made a more than $21 billion downpayment to im-proving our country’s aging infrastruc-ture. While back in Kansas, I had the op-portunity to sit down with a number of industry and community leaders from across the State to discuss how these investments will benefit our schools, businesses, and farmers. From broadband deployment to high-way and railway maintenance, commu-nity leaders could not stress enough the importance that this funding will have for economic development. Im-proving our infrastructure, highways, and railways will allow easier move-ment of Kansas agriculture and aero-nautical products to ports for export. With broadband expansion, our rural students will have the resources they need to compete with students across the country when they apply to the college of their choice. It will allow farmers and ranchers to better monitor equipment and utilize new technologies for precision agriculture and provide businesses access to new markets for their products. All in all, I cannot stress enough how encouraged my constituents are be-cause of our latest promise to invest in our country and our infrastructure ini-tiatives. This funding will truly help rural America thrive, and I look for-ward to continued discussions on this here in D.C., as well as back home. f 
WELCOMING THE NATIONAL GRO-CERS ASSOCIATION TO WASH-INGTON, D.C. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today to wel-come the National Grocers Association to Washington, D.C., this week for their annual fly-in. Our grocers have a tremendous im-pact on our communities throughout the country. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania alone, food retailers pro-vide more than 220,000 jobs, have an output of $15 billion, and a total eco-nomic impact of $39 billion. As the House Agriculture Committee continues to move forward with the farm bill, it will be important to our grocers, who provide food to American families. Over the past 3 years, the Agri-culture Committee has hosted 21 hear-ings on the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, SNAP, and has heard from more than 80 witnesses. SNAP and other Federal nutrition programs are vital to ensuring that all Americans have healthy foods within reach, whether low income popu-lations, the elderly, or those living in areas with strained access to nutri-tious food. We will continue to identify ways to work alongside State and local organi-zations to help provide safe and nutri-tious food for those who need it most. One of my primary goals with SNAP is to ensure that those who truly need the assistance when falling on hard times continue to have access to this critical program. Limited access to supermarkets and grocery stores with nutritious fresh foods can be a challenge in both rural and urban communities. We know them as food deserts. According to USDA, to qualify as a low-access community, at least 500 peo-ple and/or at least 33 percent of the population must reside more than 1 mile from a supermarket or large gro-cery store. For rural areas, the dis-tance is more than 10 miles. I know from personal experience the value of Federal assistance, particu-larly WIC, when times do get tough. I have also seen the value of obtaining an education and ultimately finding a career path. Unfortunately, too many Americans at the poverty level are caught in a cycle. We want to change that cycle by providing a workforce solution and necessary supports, walking with indi-viduals on their pathway to self-reli-ance and success. The House farm bill makes a signifi-cant, even historical, investment in SNAP employment and training to equip States with resources to arm par-ticipants with the soft skills, the job search skills, certifications, and edu-cation needed to succeed in today’s economy. But to ensure this investment yields results, we are also making these work requirements mandatory. We have a unique opportunity to expand funding for these life-changing programs by closing loopholes only utilized by cer-tain States, and improving opportuni-ties for individuals who have been marginalized by a lack of employment, education, or life circumstances. For nearly 80 percent of the SNAP re-cipients—children, seniors, and the dis-abled—these requirements won’t change anything. For those who rely on SNAP and will continue to do so, we want to ensure that they have access to the array of foods that benefit their health and their well-being. Our bill allows retailers to expand the purchasing power of recipients via incentive programs, and we are also ex-panding or enhancing current incentive and nutrition education programs to improve diet quality and awareness. We want to emphasize the impor-tance of consumer choice and the im-pact SNAP has on our communities and families. Madam Speaker, I appreciate having our Nation’s grocers in town today, and I look forward to continuing the Agri-culture Committee’s good work on the next farm bill. After all, farmers feed and nutrition matters. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Sam Smucker, Worship Center, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, of-fered the following prayer: Our Heavenly Father, thank You for Your goodness to our Nation, giving us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.002 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3067 April 10, 2018 
many blessings and freedoms we expe-rience. We have many challenges in our Na-tion. We need a moral and spiritual re-newal to meet those challenges. We ask for Your protection over our lives, our families, our communities, and schools. We pray we would be able to live peacefully, marked by godliness and dignity. ‘‘Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord.’’ We pray that You would fill the men and women in this Chamber with Your wisdom as they consider the business at hand. We pray that the decisions that are made would be for the good of our Nation. We pray You would give them cour-age to work together to make decisions that make our Nation strong and hon-orable to You. Father, I thank You for the service of these men and women. In Jesus’ name, amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SMUCKER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND SAM SMUCKER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure today to welcome the guest chaplain to the House floor. He is a leader in our community in Pennsylvania’s 16th District, as well as my oldest brother. Mr. Speaker, five other brothers of ours are in the gallery with us here today on what I learned was a very ap-propriate day, as this is National Sib-lings Day. I am so very pleased to host my brothers, who are enjoying the sites here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, we have five sisters as well, but I guess that will be another day. My oldest brother, Sam, was born into an Amish home and was really used by God. Sam leads a congregation called the Worship Center in Lancaster County. They have 4,000 members. He also leads a ministers’ fellowship im-pacting 100 other fellowships, and has traveled to 40 countries in missionary endeavors across the world. Mr. Speaker, we are proud of Sam. He has had an impact not only on our community, but across the world as well, and certainly is a spiritual leader for our family, and we welcome him here today. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
IN HONOR OF STEPHANIE WILLS (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, I have joined many of our colleagues to rise in honor of Dr. Billy Graham. Today, I rise in honor of one of the quiet heroes who helped make his worldwide ministry possible. Ms. Stephanie Wills served as Billy Gra-ham’s secretary—she always refused fancier titles—for over 45 years, trav-eling the world to help Dr. Graham at each crusade and at countless meet-ings. My first conversations with Steph-anie were in the early 1970s, when I served for 10 years as the assistant to Dr. Bill Bright, the founder of Campus Crusade for Christ. It was a blessing to see Stephanie at Dr. Graham’s funeral, as she was still faithfully serving him. Stephanie is legendary. She is highly competent, fiercely loyal, and unflappable. I have said several times that Dr. Graham was a great man because he was faithful to the mission that God had given to him. The same can be said of Stephanie Wills. She has been a faithful servant of Jesus Christ, play-ing a quiet yet enormous role in shar-ing the Gospel around the world through her dedicated and tireless sup-port of God’s servant, Dr. Billy Gra-ham. Well done, Stephanie, a wonderful servant of God. f 
MANUFACTURING IS STILL KEY TO OUR NATION’S FUTURE PROS-PERITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, in Il-linois’ 10th District, one doesn’t have to look far to see America’s strength in advanced 21st century manufacturing. In fact, my district has the fourth highest concentration of manufac-turing jobs of any district in the Na-tion. Manufacturing is still key to our Na-tion’s future prosperity because it cre-ates a multiplier effect that generates economic growth and jobs throughout our economy. Last week, I visited 12 local manufac-turers as part of my Made in Illinois 10 Tour. I had three key takeaways from my visit: First, innovation is alive and well in Illinois 10. I saw new applications and design, additive manufacturing, robot-ics, and more. And at every turn, inno-vation is creating new, quality, well- paying jobs. Second, we have to close the skills gap. We need more teachers, parents, and especially young, smart talented people to recognize that working in manufacturing can be a stimulating and rewarding career. Third, when the global market is a fair and level playing field, American companies not only can compete, we can win and we can prosper. We need to hold bad actors like China accountable. The President’s shoot- from-the-hip actions risk sparking a destructive cycle of retaliatory tariffs. The companies I visited are worried about that and, indeed, are already feeling the impact of a prospective trade war. Mr. Speaker, I was encouraged by the ingenuity and drive of our local manu-facturers, and I remain committed to supporting this crucial sector of our economy. 
f 
BUDGET DEFICIT WILL PASS $1 TRILLION WITHIN 2 YEARS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the CBO, released a report high-lighting the fact that the budget def-icit will pass $1 trillion within 2 years, thanks in large part to the massive tax cuts granted to the wealthiest Ameri-cans in the recently adopted Repub-lican tax plan. $1 trillion. This tax plan is projected to itself add close to $2 trillion to the deficit over a decade. This reckless plan jeopardizes our economic recovery by taking away the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.005 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3068 April 10, 2018 
ability for us to invest in those ele-ments of our communities and society that will grow the economy. The very thought that we have a massive deficit in our public infrastructure, and that is nowhere on the table in the House, roads and bridges crumbling, water systems, like the water system of my hometown of Flint, failing, and con-tinuing to pass on massive debt to our children and grandchildren is irrespon-sible and it ought to be reversed. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) at 5 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
STB INFORMATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4921) to require the Surface Board of Transportation to implement cer-tain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Trans-portation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4921 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STB Informa-tion Security Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Surface Transportation Board (in this section referred to as the ‘‘STB’’) shall develop a timeline and plan to implement the recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation in Report No. FI2018002, including improvements— (1) to identify controls, including risk man-agement, weakness remediation, and security authorization; (2) to protect controls, including configuration management, user identity and access manage-ment, and security training; (3) to detect controls, including continuous monitoring; (4) to respond controls, including incident handling and reporting; (5) to recover controls for contingency plan-ning; and (6) any additional tools that will improve the implementation of the recommendations. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the STB shall submit the plan and timeline developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce of the Senate. (2) R
EPORT .—The STB shall report annually to such Committees on the progress on imple-mentation of the recommendations until the im-plementation is complete. (3) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The STB shall designate an individual to implement the plan developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts other-wise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 4921, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the STB Information Security Improvement Act requires the Surface Transportation Board to de-velop a timeline and plan to implement the recommendations and improve-ments outlined in its information secu-rity system. After a concerning report from the Department of Transportation inspec-tor general that outlined deficiencies in the STB’s information security sys-tem, it is imperative that changes be made and there are improvements in that system rapidly. When the STB separated from DOT, Department of Transportation, in De-cember 2015, the agency gained full re-sponsibility and control of its IT sys-tem, and it currently lacks any mean-ingful or strong cybersecurity system. The improvements needed include basic building blocks, such as changes to policies and procedures. The STB is encumbered by a number of weak-nesses, and its information security program has been determined by the OIG to be at a low level of maturity ac-cording to OMB standards. A summary of the bill is it requires the STB, the Surface Transportation Board, to create a timeline and plan to implement recommendations made by the DOT Office of Inspector General in their report. Additionally, it requires the Surface Transportation Board to annually update Congress on its progress until it has effectively been completed and updated. This bill ensures that the Surface Transportation Board addresses these deficiencies so the agency can reduce the risk of an attack or compromise to this critical information system. I believe this bill will improve the Surface Transportation Board’s infor-mation security and is a good piece of legislation and oversight. I again thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman D
ENHAM , and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER for working with me on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, very briefly, this is a short bill, an easy bill. It simply tells the STB that they should do something about cybersecurity as directed by their own inspector general. It is a very simple bill. It is a bipar-tisan bill. It is something we should pass as quickly as we can. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the bipartisan nature of the bill. My colleague supported the bill, and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER is a cosponsor. I urge my colleagues to join in sup-porting this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4921, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
FRA SAFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4925) to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration to implement certain rec-ommendations for management and collection of railroad safety data. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4925 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FRA Safety Data Improvement Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.007 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3069 April 10, 2018 
SEC. 2. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR MANAGEMENT AND COLLECTION OF RAILROAD SAFETY DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall de-velop a plan, and a timeline to carry out such plan, to implement the recommenda-tions from the Inspector General Report No. ST2017045 of the Department of Transpor-tation, issued on May 3, 2017, to the greatest extent possible, to improve the Federal Rail-road Administration’s management and col-lection of railroad safety data. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit the plan and timeline developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall re-port annually to the committees on the im-plementation of such plan until implementa-tion is complete. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 4925. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act requires the Federal Railroad Administration to develop a timeline and plan to implement im-provements to its safety data collec-tion and reporting system. Rail safety is critical to our Nation, and in order to ensure that regulations are rooted in accurate data, the FRA must make improvements to its data collection system. Safety data is important to railroad safety, and failures of that concern us. Effective safety data collection and re-porting is critical to ensuring railroad safety. The Department of Transportation inspector general published a report outlining issues with the data collec-tion and reporting for safety data. The report made a number of recommenda-tions to standardizing certain proce-dures and implementing effective and uniform training programs. Addition-ally, the report recommends the FRA update its reporting guidance to clear up discrepancies in their reporting forms. In summary, the bill requires the FRA, the Federal Railroad Administra-tion, to implement the recommenda-tions from the DOT Office of Inspector General report. Additionally, it re-quires the FRA to develop a timeline and plan to implement the guidelines and recommendations. The bill ensures the FRA addresses these discrepancies by a report requiring FRA to annually update Congress on its progress until completion. I believe this bill will improve the safety of our railways. Rail safety is obviously critical to our Nation and our infrastructure; and to ensure that safety regulations are effective and clear, they must be updated. I again thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman D
ENHAM , and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER for working with me, as well as my colleague, Mr. C
APUANO . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, this is a rel-atively easy bill and a bipartisan bill. It simply requires that the FRA train people when they report incidents of safety, that they report them in a uni-form manner so that when somebody goes to look to see how many accidents there were or a certain type of acci-dent, they can compare apples to ap-ples instead of apples to oranges. It is kind of simple. It is a straightforward bill and, again, it is bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ), the author of this bill. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their leadership on the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, working with me on a bipartisan basis on the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act. Additionally, I want to thank Congressman M
ITCHELL  for helping colead this important bill. In New Jersey, our rails and tunnels are literally crumbling. In a political environment, that is all too often po-larized. Democrats and Republicans can certainly find common ground on our infrastructure being deficient, de-grading, and incurring accidents that are becoming all too regular. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers gave America a D-plus infra-structure rating on their scorecard. New Jersey also received an overall D- plus, with rail and transit in particu-larly bad shape. Bergen County, in my district, is the worst in the Northeast for railway crossing crashes. America’s infrastruc-ture failure is leading to more and more accidents. In fact, recently, we have seen fatal Amtrak and New Jer-sey Transit crashes in Hoboken, New Jersey, Washington State, South Caro-lina, and West Virginia. We simply can’t afford to sit idly by, punting on this urgent need. We need infrastructure investment, but we also need to proactively improve our safety procedures and processes. We need to take on safety in this country. And for all we pay in taxes and tickets, both of which I think are far too high, we can-not play games with the safety of our families and children. From adminis-tration to administration, we can’t have inconsistencies or delays in im-plementing rail safety rules. I am proud to have led on this bipar-tisan bill to secure America’s rails with real safety provisions. The bipar-tisan FRA Safety Data Improvement Act improves and standardizes report-ing and training around railway acci-dents on railroads like Amtrak and New Jersey Transit. By better stand-ardizing reporting requirements, we can leverage big datasets to improve safety and make smarter decisions. It does so my implementing the DOT’s in-spector general report and ensuring re-porting to Congress on compliance. The IG found that the Federal Rail-road Administration had taken some steps to improve data reporting, but it still lacks standardized reporting and training. This bill codifies steps sug-gested by the IG, providing more cer-tainty in the safety of our rails. By allowing us to better leverage bill datasets—and the key here is putting big data to work—this bill will save lives. I urge support and passage of the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill and the previous one we discussed reflect the bipartisan commitment to our Nation’s infrastructure and to a safe infrastructure. I appreciate my colleagues’ support in working jointly in bringing these bills forward. I urge my colleagues to join all of us in sup-porting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4925. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND ENCOUR-AGING INCLUSIVE GOVERNANCE IN ETHIOPIA Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 128) supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive gov-ernance in Ethiopia, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 128 Whereas the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia has been an important partner of the United States and a regional leader in promoting economic growth, global health, and peace and security; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.004 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3070 April 10, 2018 
Whereas Ethiopia has helped advance the national interests of the United States and regional partners, including through con-tributions to international peacekeeping, combating radical Islamist extremism and other forms of terrorism, and regional co-operation through the African Union; Whereas Ethiopia has made great strides in addressing significant challenges in global health, child survival, and food security; Whereas Ethiopia’s transition from author-itarian rule to participatory democracy has not kept pace with other reforms; Whereas the ruling Ethiopian Peoples’ Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) claimed to win 99.6 percent of the vote in elections that were deemed neither free nor fair in 2010 and all 546 parliamentary seats in 2015, thereby further consolidating the EPRDF’s single party rule; Whereas the Charities and Societies Proc-lamation and Anti-Terrorism Proclamation, both enacted in 2009, have accelerated the contraction of democratic space, severely limited the practice of fundamental human rights, enabled abuses by security forces, and impeded efforts to promote accountability for such abuses in Ethiopia; Whereas government forces launched a vio-lent crackdown on protests by ethnic Oromo and Amhara over their perceived marginalization in 2015, resulting in hun-dreds of deaths and tens of thousands of ar-rests; Whereas the Government of Ethiopia has recently released hundreds of political pris-oners, but has continued to periodically de-tain government critics and opposition fig-ures; Whereas the Government of Ethiopia has periodically imposed a state of emergency that even further restricts freedoms of as-sembly, association, and expression, includ-ing through blockage of mobile internet ac-cess and social media communication; Whereas the 2017 Department of State Country Report on Human Rights Practices for Ethiopia cited serious human rights vio-lations, including arbitrary arrests, killings, and torture committed by security forces, restrictions on freedom of expression and freedom of association, politically motivated trials, harassment, and intimidation of oppo-sition members and journalists; and Whereas these persistent human right abuses, including state-sponsored violence against civilians in the Oromia, Amhara, and Somali regions of Ethiopia, as well as the abuse of laws to stifle journalistic freedoms, stand in direct contrast to democratic prin-ciples, violate the Constitution of Ethiopia, and undermine Ethiopia’s position as a re-gional leader for economic growth, peace, and security: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes and commends Ethiopia’s ef-forts to promote regional peace and security, including through the contribution of peace-keeping forces to regional and United Na-tions peacekeeping operations; (2) recognizes the importance of continued United States and Ethiopian partnership in combatting terrorism, promoting economic growth and opportunity, and addressing global health challenges; (3) notes with deep concern persistent re-ports of widespread human rights abuses and the contraction of democratic space in Ethi-opia, which may threaten stability and re-verse economic progress over the long term; (4) condemns the use of excessive force by Ethiopian security forces, including the kill-ing of unarmed protesters, and the wrongful arrest and detention of journalists, students, activists, and political leaders exercising their constitutional rights to freedom of as-sembly, association, and expression; (5) recognizes and commends the recent peaceful and voluntary transfer of authority from Prime Minister Hailemariam to new Prime Minister Abiy and welcomes Prime Minister Abiy’s inaugural speech calling for open political competition and the defense of fundamental human rights; (6) calls on the Government of Ethiopia to— (A) lift the state of emergency; (B) repeal or amend proclamations used as a tool to suppress human rights in Ethiopia, including the Charities and Societies Procla-mation and Anti-Terrorism Proclamation of 2009, and respect the rights of Ethiopian citi-zens to freedom of assembly and expression, in keeping with Articles 30 and 29 of the Ethiopian Constitution; (C) end the use of excessive force by Ethio-pian security forces and hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, or otherwise abusing the human rights of civil-ians exercising their constitutional rights through fair and public trials; (D) release all activists, journalists, and opposition figures who have been wrongfully imprisoned for exercising their constitu-tional rights, including those arrested for re-porting about public protests; (E) improve transparency around develop-ment policies and activities that may in-fringe upon the human rights of local com-munities; and (F) allow for an independent examination of the state of human rights in Ethiopia by a rapporteur appointed by the United Na-tions; (7) urges protesters in Ethiopia to refrain from the use or incitement of violence in demonstrations; (8) urges opposition groups and the Govern-ment of Ethiopia to directly engage in peace-ful discussions to air grievances and broaden political discourse; (9) calls on the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development— (A) to engage in a cooperative effort with the Government of Ethiopia in the formula-tion of a comprehensive strategy, in coordi-nation with other donors, to help advance democracy, rule of law, human rights, eco-nomic growth, and peace and security in Ethiopia; (B) continue to strengthen ties with Ethi-opia, including through the provision of ap-propriate levels and forms of security assist-ance, in correlation to the Ethiopian Govern-ment’s own demonstrated commitment to democracy, rule of law, human rights, eco-nomic growth, and peace and security in the region; (C) condemn human rights abuses and the excessive use of force by Ethiopian security forces while pressing for the release of indi-viduals wrongfully detained; and (D) hold accountable individuals respon-sible for gross human rights violations in Ethiopia through appropriate mechanisms, which may include the imposition of tar-geted sanctions pursuant to the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (Public Law 114–328); and (10) stands by the people of Ethiopia and supports their peaceful efforts to increase democratic space and to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Ethiopian Constitution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 128, bipartisan legislation—we got about 114 Members, maybe as many as 118, a few came in right at the end—is a visible and nec-essary manifestation of deep congres-sional concern that egregious human rights abuses immediately end in Ethi-opia and that fundamental human rights be promoted and protected for all. I would note parenthetically that, like others in this House, my commit-ment to promoting human rights in Ethiopia spans decades and includes country visits, chairing numerous con-gressional hearings and legislation, in-cluding the Ethiopia Freedom, Democ-racy, and Human Rights Advancement Act of 2006. The resolution before us today, Mr. Speaker, is balanced and recognizes the recent peaceful and voluntary transfer of power from Prime Minister Hailemariam to the new Prime Min-ister Abiy, and welcomes Prime Min-ister Abiy’s inaugural speech calling for open political competition and the defense of fundamental human rights. However, Prime Minister Abiy has been a member of the governing Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front since the EPRDF took power in 1991. Prior to becoming Prime Minister, he played a critical role in the govern-ment security apparatus as the co-founder of the Ethiopian Information Network Security Agency. He is the leader of the Oromo Peoples’ Demo-cratic Organization, one of the four ethnic groups that make up the EPRDF. Also, H. Res. 128 commends Ethio-pia’s efforts to promote regional peace and security, as well as our long-standing partnership in addressing health challenges. b1715 However, the resolution carefully and accurately highlights that, despite these developments, human rights abuses remain at the core of the gov-ernment’s treatment—or should I say mistreatment—of the Ethiopian peo-ple. So after decades of serious human rights abuse—often ignored and trivialized by some in Africa, the Euro-pean Union, and the United States—it is now time for positive action and meaningful deeds. Words, Mr. Speaker, are just not enough. In a letter asking Members of Con-gress to support our resolution, Am-nesty International notes that, in the last 2 months, the government has re-leased large numbers of political pris-oners—although many remain behind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.005 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3071 April 10, 2018 
bars—and closed the notorious Maekelawi prison, known for its tor-ture. Yet some have already been re-arrested, and all—absolutely all of them—are at risk of rearrest. Making matters worse, repressive laws and state of emergency, used to brutalize people, remains in place. There has been no reform there. None whatso-ever. Human Rights Watch strongly sup-ports H. Res. 128 and has reported in its reporting on human rights that: ‘‘Since late 2015, security forces have killed over 1,000 people’’—and some estimates put that far higher—‘‘and detained tens of thousands during widespread pro-tests against government policies.’’ The Human Rights Watch goes on to say: ‘‘A state of emergency began in February 2018’’—that is just several weeks ago—‘‘the second in 2 years, and permits draconian restrictions on rights to freedom of expression, asso-ciation, and assembly. Authorities reg-ularly use arbitrary arrests and politi-cally motivated prosecutions to silence journalists, activists, and perceived op-position party members. Torture re-mains a serious problem in detention.’’ Earlier today, M
IKECOFFMAN and I had a press conference. There were sev-eral men and women there who have suffered the torture of the Ethiopian Government and bear on their bodies and their minds and their hearts the horrible and horrific indignity of the use of torture by the Government of Ethiopia. Human Rights Watch con-tinues: ‘‘The Ethiopian Government has not conducted meaningful inves-tigations into any of these abuses. Re-pressive laws restrict the activities of nongovernmental organizations. The ruling coalition won all 547 parliamen-tary seats in the 2015 election.’’ All of them. What does that tell you? Mr. Speaker, the 2017 Department of State Country Report on Human Rights Practices for Ethiopia also cited serious human rights violations, in-cluding arbitrary arrests, killings, and torture committed by the security forces, restrictions on freedom of ex-pression and association, politically motivated trials, harassment, and in-timidation of opposition members and journalists. On February 18 of this year, the U.S. Embassy in Ethiopia issued a strong statement against the state of emer-gency. They said, in pertinent part: ‘‘We strongly disagree with the Ethio-pian Government’s decision to impose a state of emergency that includes re-strictions on fundamental rights such as assembly and expression.’’ ‘‘We strongly urge the government to rethink this approach’’—the State De-partment goes on to say—‘‘and identify other means to protect lives and prop-erty while preserving, and indeed ex-panding, the space for meaningful dia-logue and political participation. . . . ‘’ My resolution—cosponsored by well over 110, I think it is 118 now, Members of the House—calls on the Government of Ethiopia to: Lift the state of emergency; Repeal or amend proclamations used as a tool to suppress human rights in Ethiopia, including the so-called Anti-terrorism Proclamation—which ac-cuses any Ethiopian who criticizes the government of being a terrorist—and the Charities and Societies Proclama-tion—which makes it virtually impos-sible for civil society organizations to function by severely restricting foreign funding; We are asking in the resolution to stop the killing of peaceful protestors and hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, and detaining in-nocent civilians; Release dissidents, journalists, stu-dents, activists, and political leaders jailed for exercising their right to free expression and peaceful assembly; Engage with citizens about develop-ment strategies, especially when these people could lose their land; Allow a U.N. rapporteur unfettered access to examine the state of human rights in Ethiopia. Unfettered. Go any-where, any time, and talk to anyone without fear of reprisal or retaliation; And the resolution calls on the U.S. Department of State and USAID to, among other things, engage in a coop-erative effort with the Government of Ethiopia in the formulation of a com-prehensive strategy to help advance de-mocracy, rule of law, human rights, economic growth, and peace and secu-rity in Ethiopia, and hold accountable individuals responsible for gross human rights violations in Ethiopia through appropriate mechanisms like the Glob-al Magnitsky Act. Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by thanking Congressman M
IKECOFFMAN , who has been an amazing tenacious supporter for this legislation and has really made a difference in helping to get it to the floor, and, of course, our majority leader for actually getting it to the floor. I see many of my col-leagues on the Democrat side. I thank them. This is bipartisan legislation, and that is what it ought to be. I want to thank Ms. B
ASS, the rank-ing member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Sub-committee, for her cosponsorship and leadership as well, as well as Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL . I would also like to thank the many human rights groups and the Ethio-pian-American community, who have and continue to work diligently and te-naciously to secure fundamental human rights for the people of Ethi-opia. This is a first step today. My hope is that it will begin a process of this body being absolutely in solidarity with the oppressed and standing in opposition to the oppressor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the resolution. I would like to begin by thanking Representative SMITH for sponsoring H. Res. 128, which expresses support for human rights and encourages inclusive governance in Ethiopia. I am a cospon-sor of this resolution, along with over 100 of my colleagues—a testimony to the work Mr. S
MITH has put into this effort. This resolution acknowledges the partnership between the United States and the Ethiopian Government. We have partnered together on many issues in the world: economic issues, global health issues, and security issues. Indeed, the Ethiopian military benefits from the U.S. counterterror-ism and peacekeeping support pro-grams that we work with them on. However, it also expresses concern at the unrest in the Oromo, Amhara, and Somali regions since 2015 and the human rights violations perpetrated against largely peaceful protestors. With the recent election of Prime Minister Abiy last month, Ethiopia now has an opportunity to emerge from this crisis to undertake the reforms called for in this resolution, including lifting the repressive state of emer-gency, repealing or amending procla-mations used to suppress human rights, holding accountable those re-sponsible for human rights violations, and releasing all remaining political prisoners. As the ranking member of the Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have done a lot of work in that subcommittee around the im-portance of the rule of law and of le-gitimate, accountable governance in making sure communities are secure and more resilient to destabilizing in-fluences from criminal and terrorist networks. This is not just an issue for us on the international front. I am also a mem-ber of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and this is an important issue in terms of our safety and security here at home. Prison sentences for peaceful protest, restrictions on freedom of the press, and broad enforcement actions against civil society organizations is a recipe for instability—instability that im-pedes economic growth and leaves countries and communities vulnerable to security and other threats, both globally and, as I said, back here at home. When a society witnesses the arrest of over 22,000 persons and the closing of over 200 NGOs, we should expect to see the trust between communities and their government suffer as a result. In-stead, the government should work to-wards promoting this trust that is so critical to the right of Ethiopians to live freely and safely at home, as well as to their government’s strength as a partner with the United States and others around the world. In light of recent events in Ethiopia, it is important to view Prime Minister Abiy’s election not as the end of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.014 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3072 April 10, 2018 
crisis, but as a new beginning for social and political reform in Ethiopia. I hope he will undertake this challenge and undertake these vital reforms. In the spirit of a new beginning, I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), the original sponsor of the resolution, and, like I said, a giant when it has come to pushing human rights in Ethiopia. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, the United States House of Representatives will have an opportunity to vote on H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Gov-ernance in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 calls upon the Govern-ment of Ethiopia to take clear and de-cisive steps toward becoming more in-clusive, more democratic, and more re-spectful of the basic human rights of its people. There will be those who will argue today that this resolution is counter-productive in that the Government of Ethiopia has been a strong and depend-able ally of the United States of Amer-ica. The opponents will say that the na-tional security interest of the United States justifies our support for this government, and, therefore, we must ignore the cries of the Ethiopian people who are suffering under this repressive regime. The opponents fear that the Ethio-pian Government will end its coopera-tion with the United States in the war against terrorism if we publicly criti-cize their human rights record by pass-ing this resolution. But I say to them, for far too long, the United States has looked the other way as the Ethiopian Government has so often used the weapons that we have provided for them, not to fight ter-rorism, but to terrorize their own peo-ple. For far too long, the United States has looked the other way as peaceful protestors were met with violence from heavily armed Ethiopian security forces. And, for far too long, the United States has looked the other way as journalists, political opposition lead-ers, and anyone who dared question this government were rounded up and shipped off to detention camps. The U.S.-backed government in Ethi-opia has lost its legitimacy to govern and rules by brute force and intimida-tion. To the opponents of H. Res. 128, the passage of this resolution will mark a setback for the relationship between the United States and Ethiopia. But it is my hope that the passage of H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclu-sive Governance in Ethiopia, will mark a new beginning in the history of the U.S.-Ethiopian relationship where the United States will never again have to look the other way, and Ethiopia will realize its full potential by embracing all of its citizens and becoming the great Nation that it has always been destined to be. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representa-tives to support H. Res. 128. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ASS), the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Orga-nizations Subcommittee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encour-aging Inclusive Governance in Ethi-opia, and I want to thank our com-mittee chair, Mr. S
MITH, for his many years of effort in this direction. b1730 The resolution calls on the govern-ment of Ethiopia to take clear, deci-sive steps towards becoming more in-clusive, more democratic, and more re-spectful of the basic human rights of its citizens. Ethiopia is an important partner of the U.S. in many arenas, including re-gional security, especially through its contributions to international peace-keeping. Over the past few years, Ethiopia has made significant strides in addressing poverty and expanding economic devel-opment. The country has also ad-dressed significant challenges in global health and food security. These are ex-tremely important gains. We are here today, however, because the country continues to have a way to go, especially in the arenas of inclusive governance and respect for human rights. Since November 2015, there have been ongoing protests in Ethiopia’s largest region of Oromia. These protests ex-panded to the Amhara region in August 2016. In response, security forces have used live ammunition to disperse large-ly peaceful protests, killing hundreds and arresting tens of thousands. Activists, journalists, and others have also faced repeated arrests. The Ethiopian Government has re-sponded by imposing a state of emer-gency that included curfews and re-strictions on the assembly, expression, and movement of its citizens. Mean-while, earlier this year, the govern-ment began releasing prisoners, includ-ing opposition leaders, journalists, and protesters. The government also fo-cused on an infamous detention center. Of course, this is a step in the right di-rection. We are also encouraged by the recent transfer of power. The new prime min-ister, Dr. Abiy Ahmed, recently deliv-ered a speech where he highlighted that the government plans to address unity and national reconciliation as well as good governance based on the rule of law. It also seeks to crack down on corruption. Again, this is encouraging and it could be an important turning point for the country that could provide an opportunity to widen the political space, but what remains concerning, however, is that Ethiopia is still under a state of emergency, and just last month, the defense minister announced the arrest of a number of individuals who they say were linked to protests. We encourage the Government of Ethiopia to keep the positive momen-tum going by lifting the state of emer-gency, ensuring freedom of expression and assembly, and opening up demo-cratic space. The current challenges facing Ethi-opia are best addressed through inclu-sive discourse and political processes rather than through the imposition of restrictions. Mr. Speaker, I therefore encourage Members to vote in favor of this resolu-tion that supports respect for human rights and encourages inclusive govern-ance in Ethiopia. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), one of the cosponsors of this legisla-tion. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank Chairman S
MITH, along with his bipar-tisan colleagues, in joining together in authoring this legislation and bringing this bipartisan legislation forward and speaking in support of and respect of human rights in Ethiopia. This legislation takes a very impor-tant first step for what needs to be identified and moved forward in terms of identifying what has been happening for too long, where the Ethiopian Gov-ernment has been persecuting the Oromo, Ethiopia’s largest minority and ethnic group. Peaceful protests, led largely by Oromo’s youth, have been met with government repression. Hundreds have been killed and thousands more have been injured. Now, most of those have also been arrested and detained by Ethiopia’s security forces. Estimates are that hundreds of thou-sands of Oromians have been uprooted from their homes and forced to flee the persecution and the violence. There is no doubt that Ethiopia is a very impor-tant U.S. ally, but that does not mean that we should turn a blind eye as it oppresses its people. Now, in my State of Minnesota, we are home to the largest community of Oromians outside of Ethiopia. They are valued members of our community and we are very fortunate to have them. I joined many Ethiopians and Oromians actually this past Sunday night when I attended a very large and moving interfaith rally with members of the African and Jewish community, and they were all together reaffirming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.015 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3073 April 10, 2018 
their commitment to religious free-dom, to diversity, and to justice. Sadly, many Oromians today won’t find these ideals in their home country of Ethiopia. Mr. Speaker, today the House can speak with a solid, strong voice to sup-port human rights and also condemn the killing of innocent protesters and the arrest and detention of journalists and students and political leaders. We are also at the same time urging through this resolution that the pro-testers also refrain from violence, and also urge the Ethiopian Government to take very concrete steps to end its per-secution and oppressive conduct. Today we have an opportunity to take these important steps in showing our solidarity with the Oromians, and I hope my colleagues will join in support of this resolution. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), who is an origi-nal cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank Chairman S
MITH and the rank-ing member for standing together on this important House Resolution 128. It is true that Minnesota is home to a large number of people who find their roots in Ethiopia and are of the Oromo background. These Minnesotans have made it very clear by reaching out to their elected representatives that while their feet are firmly planted on American soil, they still, like so many other Ameri-cans, have a heart and a sentiment where they want to support justice in the homeland that they came from. As a result, I have been able to get an edu-cation from my constituents about cir-cumstances in Ethiopia which make this resolution necessary. So I do rise in support of House Reso-lution 128, which calls on the Govern-ment of Ethiopia to make clear, con-crete steps toward becoming inclusive, more democratic, more respectful of human rights of all of its citizens. I would like to note that this is a bi-partisan resolution, proving that we can come together for critical issues like human rights in Ethiopia for Americans who find their roots in Ethi-opia and for people all over the world. In Minnesota, as I noted, we are for-tunate to be home to one of the largest Oromo and Ogaden communities in North America, and it is because of the relentless work of these folks that these issues have come to light. I thank them. Many of them are here today. They have been working on this issue for many years, Mr. Speaker, be-cause it is that vitally important. Now, as my colleagues have noted, Ethiopia is an important ally of the United States, that is a fact, but even allies must be held accountable when they violate the human rights of their people. Status as an ally is not a li-cense to abuse human rights. The Ethiopian people desperately need their government to take action to secure their human rights and ex-pand inclusive democracy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Minnesota an addi-tional 2 minutes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, the Ethi-opian Government continues to detain journalists, bloggers, students, and po-litical opposition leaders. Thousands remain in prison to this day. In addition, the Ethiopian Govern-ment admits to killing over 500 of its citizens during the protests in an effort to suppress the people’s freedom of speech. Most observers put this number far higher. These abuses have created a serious instability in the country. While there have been some signs of progress, which must be noted, including the re-cent election of a prime minister from the Oromo region, we must continue to push for real, concrete changes. For ex-ample, the government should let the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights travel through the country to conduct an independent assessment of the human rights situation in the country. By passing this resolution, Congress will be making clear that we will not remain silent on this important issue, we will stand together across the polit-ical divide in support of these human rights in Ethiopia. By passing this resolution, we will speed up democratic change in Ethi-opia. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this impor-tant resolution. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. Mr. Speaker, I will note that Chair-man R
OYCE has been a big factor in moving this forward, and when I give thanks to Mr. S
MITH and over 100 more colleagues, I want to make sure that Chairman R
OYCE is a person that is highlighted for his great efforts. We are going to miss him, as he has decided not to seek reelection. He has been a person that has shown great ability to be a bipartisan leader on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I have enjoyed working with him on this issue and many other issues. Mr. Speaker, this resolution seeks to support Ethiopia’s political transition as it hopefully moves beyond a state of emergency towards greater civil lib-erties under a new prime minister. This resolution also supports the Ethiopian people and their aspirations to live in a more democratic system in which government respects funda-mental freedoms. We have partnered with Ethiopia on so many important issues, issues im-portant to their own security, their own health, their own global welfare, and we also recognize the value in that partnership in dealing with the secu-rity issues and the ideals and values that the United States has as a coun-try. This resolution strongly urges them to take that other step, to expand that partnership beyond those issues into a partnership of democracy where there will be rule of law, freedom of the press, where opposition people will not be endangered in terms of their safety, will not be imprisoned. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 128, and I urge my colleagues to go forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters of support in the RECORD . I call atten-tion to the membership an excellent letter written by human rights and di-aspora groups, six groups in all. It is entitled, ‘‘Ethiopia: Joint Letter About U.S. House Resolution 128’’, in support of it. They make a number of very im-portant points. 
ETHIOPIA : JOINT LETTER ABOUT US H OUSE  R
ESOLUTION 128 
DEMOCRACY , HUMAN RIGHTS AND DIASPORA  
GROUPS URGE CONGRESS TO PASS H . RES. 128 
ON ETHIOPIA  Ethiopia is at a crossroads. On Monday, April 2, a new Prime Minister, selected from within the ruling coalition, delivered a speech about planned reforms while the country was under another State of Emer-gency. At such a juncture, amid mounting pressures, the role of the US, Ethiopia’s longstanding international ally to encourage critically-needed reforms and human rights protections, should not be underestimated in urging the country toward a new era of sta-bility. The undersigned human rights and dias-pora groups fully support the passage of House Resolution 128 for the positive con-tribution it can make toward respecting basic human rights and encouraging inclu-sive governance in Ethiopia. The resolution has strong bipartisan support and more than 100 co-sponsors. In addition, H. Res. 128 has significant grassroots support among con-stituents across the US who have ties to Ethiopia. It calls on the government of Ethi-opia to open up civic space, ensure account-ability for human rights abuses and promote inclusive governance. For the past three years, Ethiopia has faced largely peaceful and sustained protests in the Oromia and Amhara regions of the country. These protests were led by youth seeking opportunity, political reform and more participatory development strategies. The government responded with excessive force. More than a thousand protesters have been killed by Ethiopian security forces, a greater number injured, tens of thousands imprisoned and many tortured for expressing grievances. Over a million, mostly from Oromia, were uprooted due to government- instigated conflict in the Eastern part of the country. However, a combination of forces has accu-mulated in support of the protesters—dias-pora groups and international human rights organizations helped publicize the protest movement in Ethiopia and the government’s violent response; the US Congress rallied be-hind H. Res. 128; international news outlets gave frequent coverage of the protests. At 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.017 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3074 April 10, 2018 
the dawn of this new year, the EPRDF coali-tion announced reforms and some changes began to occur. Close to 7000 political pris-oners were released in January and February of 2018, Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn stepped down within days, and Dr. Abiy Ahmed, a man with ties to the region most impacted by the protests, was put for-ward by the coalition as Ethiopia’s newest prime minister. In light of these beginnings, now more than ever, it is imperative that the United States Congress take a stand that reiterates the need for Ethiopia to take further steps in a democratic direction by passing H. Res. 128. Ethiopia’s previous transfers of power indicate that leadership change is often fol-lowed by unfulfilled promises, a culling of opponents and power consolidation. If Prime Minister Abiy is truly committed to break-ing that pattern, this resolution will encour-age Ethiopia to lift the State of Emergency, ensuring freedoms of expression and assem-bly and opening up democratic space, all pre-requisites for political and economic reform. 1) H. Res. 128 is a signal of support for the youth in the country who have organized to peacefully demand justice and democracy and have paid a terrible price in terms of loss of life, injury and arbitrary detention. Ac-countability for the human rights violations that have occurred over the last 3 years will be an essential step towards genuine rec-onciliation and is a key demand from the protesters. 2) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that could strengthen the hand of the Prime Minister vis-a-vis less responsive segments within the EPRDF party coalition structure, requiring negotiation with the forces that control the country’s security apparatus, intelligence and the economic sectors. 3) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that call on the State Department and USAID to develop a comprehensive strategy to support im-proved democracy and governance in Ethi-opia. 4) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that call on the Secretary of State and Secretary of Treasury to apply appropriate sanctions on individuals and organizations responsible for gross human rights. We support passage of H. Res. 128 as a means to send a strong, unambiguous signal that the United States Congress requires concrete reforms. Such reforms are needed to create a path toward improved respect and protection of human and civil rights, po-litical stability and sustainable regional se-curity. We urge members of the House to pass the resolution. A
MHARA ASSOCIATION OF  A
MERICA . C
OALITION OF OROMOS FOR  H
UMAN RIGHTS AND  D
EMOCRACY . E
THIOPIAN ADVOCACY  N
ETWORK . E
THIOPIAN HUMAN RIGHTS  P
ROJECT . H
UMAN RIGHTS WATCH . O
ROMO ADVOCACY  A
LLIANCE . 
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL , Washington, DC, April 9, 2018. Re Amnesty International USA (‘‘AIUSA’’) urges the House to vote yes on H. Res. 128 which will be on the House floor on April 10. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of AIUSA and our two million members and supporters nationwide, we are writing to urge you to vote YES for H. Res. 128, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 outlines key benchmarks for critically needed human rights reform in Ethiopia and calls for a review of U.S. policy toward Ethiopia to prioritize human rights and good governance. H. Res. 128 was approved by Voice Vote by the House Foreign Affairs Committee in July 2017 and has strong bipartisan support with 108 cosponsors including 29 Republicans and 79 Democrats. Following highly contested elections in 2005 the Ethiopian government imposed a web of laws criminalizing any form of dissent or questioning of government policies. These laws have empowered authorities to engage in widespread surveillance, and have resulted in the arrest and detention of members of civil society. For the past three years the Ethiopian peo-ple have been subjected to brutal repression by the security forces in response to protests against the increasingly autocratic rule of the Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Demo-cratic Front (‘‘EPRDF’’). Over 1000 people have been killed since 2015 and according to the Ethiopian government’s own admission, 10,000 people were arrested during the first state of emergency between 2016 and 2017. Amnesty International believes that the fig-ure is above 25,000. The current human rights crisis is the result of years of repression by security forces using sweeping legislation criminalizing dissent, the arrest of civil soci-ety leaders and journalists, and brutal crack-downs leading to scores of extrajudicial exe-cutions, massacres and the destruction of property and livelihoods. The Ethiopian gov-ernment has created a culture of impunity and a climate of fear. Ethiopia is currently under its second State of Emergency since 2016. Amnesty International has documented unlawful killings, forced displacement, arbitrary ar-rests, detentions, as well as torture and the ill-treatment of detainees. In the last two months there have been some positive developments in Ethiopia: a new prime minister has been appointed, the government released a large number of polit-ical prisoners and closed the notorious Maekelawi Prison known for torture. How-ever, many more prisoners remain behind bars. While the country’s web of repressive legislation remains in place and the state of emergency is in effect, all those individuals who have been released remain at risk of re- arrest. Indeed, some of them have been re-re- arrested. At the same time protests are con-tinuing and are being met with brutal force by government authorities. H. Res. 128 is a direct appeal to the Ethio-pian authorities to listen to their people, change course, and uphold human rights and the rule of law. H. Res. 128 calls on the US Secretary of State to: Conduct a review of security assistance to Ethiopia to improve transparency with re-spect to the purposes of such assistance to the people of Ethiopia and, Work with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, to improve oversight and account-ability of U.S. assistance to Ethiopia, pursu-ant to the expectations established in the U.S. Strategy Toward Sub-Saharan Africa. H. Res. 128 call on the Ethiopian govern-ment to lift the state of emergency and end the use of excessive force by security forces. The resolution calls the government to con-duct a credible, transparent investigation into human rights violations committed dur-ing the last three years, in an expedient manner and for those responsible for the killing, torture, and detention of innocent civilians who exercised their constitutional rights to be held accountable. H. Res. 128 call on the Ethiopian govern-ment to take steps to restore the respect and protection of human rights and enforce ac-countability as provided under the Ethiopian Constitution including the Release dissidents, activists, and journal-ists who have been imprisoned; respect free-dom of peaceful assembly, freedom of the press and media; Repeal of laws that (i) can be used as a tool to harass or pro-hibit funding for civil society organizations that investigate human rights violations, en-gage in peaceful political dissent, or advo-cate for greater political freedoms. (ii) prohibit or limit those displaced from their land from seeking remedy or redress in courts, (iii) restrict access to justice for displaced persons (iv) prohibit or otherwise limit peaceful nonprofit operations in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 urges the Ethiopian government to cooperate with a rapporteur appointed by the United Nations to conduct an inde-pendent examination of the state of human rights in Ethiopia. Ethiopia has engaged in a number of ambi-tious large-scale development projects that have displaced hundreds of thousands of vil-lagers. A key trigger of the three years of protest was the proposed expansion of the capital Addis Ababa on lands occupied by members of the Oromo community. H. Res. 128 call upon the Ethiopian government to engage in open and transparent consulta-tions with citizens regarding its development plans, especially those strategies that could result in the displacement of people from their land and address the grievances brought forward by representatives of reg-istered opposition parties. Finally, H. Res. 128 reiterates Congress’ support for the people of Ethiopia and their peaceful efforts to exercise the rights guar-anteed by the Ethiopian constitution. Amnesty International USA urges you to vote YES on H. Res. 128 and for the full House to pass this important resolution. For more information, please contact me. Sincerely, ADOTEI AKWEI, Africa Advocacy Director. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. For the past 3 years, they point out, as we know, Ethiopia has faced largely peaceful and sustained protesters in the Oromia and Amhara regions of the country. They were led by youth seek-ing opportunity, political reform, and more participatory development strat-egies. The government responded with excessive force. More than 1,000 pro-testers have been killed by the Ethio-pian security forces, a greater number injured, tens of thousands imprisoned, and many more tortured for expressing grievances. Over 1 million have been displaced. Let me just say in conclusion that they talk about the importance of sup-porting this. Yes, there is a new prime minister, but as they point out in their statement, and it is so true, Ethiopia’s previous transfers of power indicate that leadership change is often fol-lowed by unfulfilled promises, a culling of opponents, and power consolidation. That can’t happen again. Mr. Speaker, this resolution, I think, deserves the support of every single Member. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 128 Supporting Re-spect for Human Rights and Encouraging In-clusive Governance in Ethiopia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.007 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3075 April 10, 2018 
This resolution condemns the killing of peaceful protestors by the Ethiopian security forces and calls upon the government of Ethi-opia to hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, and detaining innocent civil-ians who are exercising their constitutional rights. Passing H. Res. 128 brings attention to the stifling of political and civil dissent and journal-istic freedoms committed by the Ethiopian government. Mr. Speaker, as co-sponsor of this resolu-tion, we recognize that the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia has been an ally of the United States and the preservation of basic constitutional rights in this country is the bed- rock of any democracy. Protestors in Ethiopia are urged to refrain from violent demonstrations and encouraged to engage in peaceful negotiations. However, the responsibility lies upon the government to implement democratic prin-ciples and respect the right to peaceful as-sembly and guarantee freedom of the press. Since protests started in Oromia in 2015, the Ethiopian government has charged more than 150 students, opposition leaders, and ac-tivists at the Federal High Court under the 2009 Anti-Terrorism Proclamation (ATP). They have repeatedly abused such laws to limit the freedom of the press, silence inde-pendent journalists, and persecute members of the political opposition. Ethiopian Human Rights Commission re-ported 669 deaths by April 2017 and Human Rights Watch subsequently reported that the Ethiopian security forces had killed between 500 and 800 peaceful protestors in the Oromia and Amhara regions by November 2016, and the number is likely higher. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H. Res. 128 to show their support and compassion for the people suffering as victims of human rights violations at the hands of their government. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 128, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
b1745 END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2219) to increase the role of the financial industry in com-bating human trafficking, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘End Bank-ing for Human Traffickers Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. INCREASING THE ROLE OF THE FINAN-CIAL INDUSTRY IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) T REASURY AS A MEMBER OF THE PRESI-
DENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASKFORCE TOMONITOR  
ANDCOMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Edu-cation,’’. (b) R
EQUIRED REVIEW OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Financial Institu-tions Examination Council, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the pri-vate sector, and appropriate law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) review and enhance training and exami-nations procedures to improve the capabili-ties of anti-money laundering and coun-tering the financing of terrorism programs to detect financial transactions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (2) review and enhance procedures for re-ferring potential cases relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons to the appro-priate law enforcement agency; and (3) determine, as appropriate, whether re-quirements for financial institutions are suf-ficient to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in per-sons. (c) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS TARGETING MONEY LAUNDERING RE-
LATED TO HUMAN TRAFFICKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall submit to the Com-mittee on Financial Services and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the head of each appropriate Federal bank-ing agency— (A) an analysis of anti-money laundering efforts of the United States Government and United States financial institutions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; and (B) appropriate legislative, administrative, and other recommendations to strengthen ef-forts against money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (2) R
EQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec- ommendations under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) feedback from financial institutions on best practices of successful programs to com-bat severe forms of trafficking in persons currently in place that may be suitable for broader adoption by similarly situated finan-cial institutions; (B) feedback from stakeholders, including victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons and financial institutions, on policy proposals derived from the analysis con-ducted by the task force referred to in para-graph (1) that would enhance the efforts and programs of financial institutions to detect and deter money laundering relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons, includ-ing any recommended changes to internal policies, procedures, and controls relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (C) any recommended changes to training programs at financial institutions to better equip employees to deter and detect money laundering relating to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons; (D) any recommended changes to expand information sharing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons among financial in-stitutions and between such financial insti-tutions, appropriate law enforcement agen-cies, and appropriate Federal agencies; and (E) recommended changes, if necessary, to existing statutory law to more effectively detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, where such money laundering involves the use of emerging technologies and virtual currencies. (d) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to grant rulemaking authority to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)); (2) the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); (3) the term ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ means the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established by the Presi-dent pursuant to section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103); and (4) the term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, authorized by law or by a government agen-cy to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal or civil law. 
SEC. 3. COORDINATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING ISSUES BY THE OFFICE OF TER-RORISM AND FINANCIAL INTEL-LIGENCE. 
(a) F UNCTIONS .—Section 312(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) combating illicit financing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, shall designate an office within the OTFI that shall coordinate efforts to combat the illicit financing of severe forms of trafficking in persons with— ‘‘(A) other offices of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(B) other Federal agencies, including— ‘‘(i) the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons of the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) the Interagency Task Force to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking; ‘‘(C) State and local law enforcement agen-cies; and ‘‘(D) foreign governments.’’. (c) D
EFINITION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.008 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3076 April 10, 2018 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENT UNDER THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Finan-cial Services,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on For-eign Affairs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Relations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (R), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) the efforts of the United States to eliminate money laundering relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons and the number of investigations, arrests, indict-ments, and convictions in money laundering cases with a nexus to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons.’’.’’. 
SEC. 5. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Whether the government of the coun-try, consistent with the capacity of the country, has in effect a framework to pre-vent financial transactions involving the proceeds of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and is taking steps to implement such a framework, including by inves-tigating, prosecuting, convicting, and sen-tencing individuals who attempt or conduct such transactions.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is on human trafficking, which, put another way, is modern-day slavery. It con-tinues to devastate the lives of mil-lions of people; and whether we are talking about trafficking, labor traf-ficking, which is indentured servitude or, basically, slavery, or whether we are talking about underage children that are frequently trafficked for sex-ual exploitation by these criminal syn-dicates, the results are the same. The results to these broken lives, due to these perpetrators of these dis-gusting acts who prey on these vulner-able and defenseless people, leave in their wake the broken lives of these children and of those who are traf-ficked for labor. These are not faraway crimes, as the Members here know from their own districts. These are crimes in the United States; and if you go to Los An-geles and ask the District Attorney, or you ask the District Attorney in Or-ange County, what is the average age that children are trafficked into these brothels or into these syndicates, they will tell you the average age now is 14. When you ask them why, they will tell you because a 14-year-old or 15- year-old is much less likely to put up resistance once she has been kidnapped or enticed by some Romeo into this kind of conduct. I think of the survivors when I think about this, the ones that many of us have met who share their stories with us, and I think of Angela Guanzon. She was labor-trafficked, working in an abusive workplace day-in, day-out, 16 hours, 18 hours, never seeing the light of day, sleeping on the hallway floor. Survivors have taught me that the hor-ror of trafficking lies not in the statis-tics that we talk about here, but in the stolen lives of these people. Why is this so common? How can it be that we have so many instances of this? It is common because it is profitable and because these people, these chil-dren and others who are trafficked, have very little resistance. That is why. The International Labor Organiza-tion estimates that it is a $150 billion business in illegal profit made from forced labor each year, making human trafficking the third most valuable criminal enterprise in the world. And guess what? If your gang is in-volved in this instead of in drug crimes, they are much less likely to ex-perience violence themselves because their victims cannot really fight back. They are in a line of work where they can lord their violence over their vic-tims. Traffickers are laundering their money through financial institutions that they can access with the click of a keyboard; and cutting off their access to the banking system is critical to putting an end to these illegal oper-ations once and for all. The End Banking for Human Traf-fickers Act of 2018 will help law en-forcement and financial institutions identify and report suspected human traffickers so that they can be pros-ecuted to the fullest extent of the law. In California, by the way, we had, a few years ago, put a new law on the books that allows us, if we can catch them, to put them away for over 20 years. I want to thank my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee, espe-cially Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member M
AXINE WATERS , for their important contributions to this legislation. This legislation will not only bolster our efforts to combat human traf-fickers’ use of our domestic financial institutions, but it is going to encour-age other countries to cut off traf-fickers from their global financial sys-tem. This bill is going to update the State Department’s annual Trafficking in Persons Report to require a country- by-country assessment of whether for-eign governments have a framework in place to prevent financial transactions involving the proceeds of severe forms of human trafficking. Now, these annual reports, as we know, which the State Department uses to rank countries’ efforts to com-bat trafficking, are taken very seri-ously in foreign capitals. They have helped to reinforce global norms of re-sponsible behavior. I say that because when we first in-troduced this some years ago, we have seen 120 governments now enact na-tional anti-trafficking laws in order to try to comply with the reports that we do through our audits through our State Department in these other coun-tries. They do not want to be shamed. When we name them, we shame them, and so we get compliance. This will as-sist on that as well. It is a critical first step for enforcement. So, as the center of the global finan-cial system and the leading country in terms of combating human trafficking in the world, the United States must take all possible steps to address this crime and, for this reason, this bill, H.R. 2219, deserves our unanimous sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. As an original cosponsor of the End Banking for Human Traf-fickers Act of 2018, I would like to first thank my coauthors, Chairman ROYCE , Representative M
ALONEY , and Rep-resentative L
OVE. I am proud of our bi-partisan work on this important issue. This issue represents actions that are abhorrent, coercive, actions that con-stitute modern-day slavery. They also are sustained because they are among the most lucrative criminal activities we have in the world right now. This is ranked as the third most lu-crative international crime in the world. And it is a unique one in the sense that, unlike drugs, where they will market their poison to individuals and they will be ingested and consumed and that ends the transaction, trag-ically, you see, time and time again, that these young women, many of them children, over and over again are used by these financial purveyors of criminality in their actions to redun-dantly gain profits at the expense of destroying and taking away years of innocent lives. This legislation is a testament to how important our bipartisan collabo-ration is here in the House, as well as among our colleagues in the Senate. When we have the opportunity to work together, we take meaningful action to address real harms being suffered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.009 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3077 April 10, 2018 
innocent people here and around the world. And this is, indeed, not only an international issue where we need co-operation, but it is a domestic issue as well. In 2012, the International Labor Or-ganization estimated that there were 21 million victims of human trafficking worldwide. In the United States alone, over 8,500 human trafficking cases were reported just last year, and those are cases where the investigation was fruitful and the prosecution com-menced, an understatement by mul-tiple effects of what the actual inci-dence of this crime is. While there are current laws to com-bat the practice of human trafficking by criminalizing perpetrators and pro-viding support for victims, the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018 works to dismantle the economic framework that enables it and sustains it. It empowers the Secretary of the Treasury with the ability to assist and directly get involved to a greater ex-tent with all the other agencies in-volved. I know, from my own experi-ence, that the importance of that co-ordination will more easily lead to good cases and more effective prosecu-tions and bringing people to justice. I come at this issue from many per-spectives; one of them being my posi-tion, as with Chairman R
OYCE , on the Foreign Affairs Committee, where we look at the international factor that we are trying to work cooperatively throughout the world and here at home to better prosecute, better bring to jus-tice. I also represent the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence in the Homeland Security Committee, and it is important to note that this criminal enterprise is one of the most prominent ways that terrorists fund themselves. While we have had effect trying to eliminate the caliphate and the taxing that goes with that, we have seen ter-rorists lose those opportunities to raise money. However, what we have seen is them move even further into other areas to sustain their terrorist activ-ity; and primary among them is the use of human trafficking and the fund-ing for their terrorist activity through that criminal enterprise. Another way I have come to view this is as a former District Attorney myself. I worked with the regional task force in the Boston region in Massa-chusetts to try and work to coordinate activities to seek out, to investigate, and ultimately prosecute human traf-ficking. There is one thing I did know through my term as a District Attor-ney and looking at this issue as well, more specifically: If we are going to be effective, one of the best tools we have in terms of investigating, seeking out this activity, and bringing it to justice, is to follow the money, and that is what this act does. It follows the money. It uses the economic tools we have here, through the Secretary of the Treasury, among many other assets we have in this country, and it seeks out and will find out, from the money laun-dering standpoint, just who is involved, where this is occurring, and how we can attack it. Human trafficking is a multi-billion dollar industry. Its perpetrators rely on banking and financial systems to fund and profit their crimes against in-nocent men, women, and children, and this bill will strengthen our work to target, prosecute, and to bring to jus-tice those who reap financial rewards from this abhorrent criminal practice. This Congress, the House passed a number of important bills dealing with anti-trafficking measures. This is one of the most important, and it strikes it at its heart, where we can find out where this is occurring, where we can investigate further everyone that is in-volved in this. It is not just limited to the people that we find in the initial investigations with these reports, we will be better able to bring everyone involved in this activity to justice. So let’s continue this momentum by passing the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just begin here by recog-nizing Representative B
ILLKEATING , who brings to this issue—I just want to acknowledge this. We don’t have that many District Attorneys, former Dis-trict Attorneys in this body who have the experience of law enforcement in terms of dealing with the types of criminals that go into this line of work, and he brings that expertise and has assisted greatly in this. I just wanted to acknowledge that before the body today. I acknowledge also the contribution of Congressman C
HRIS SMITH, who, I think it was in 2000, as I recall, origi-nally brought before us this very idea of how to combat human trafficking internationally. He has worked on many, many issues, the International Megan’s Law, and many others. But this idea of how we could hold governments around the world to ac-count, this idea of the TIP Report, and then, on top of it, the enforcement, so that it meant something; the idea that he would get on a plane and go and make certain that our consulates and our embassies overseas were carrying out that audit, and that the victims had someone to explain this to; that NGOs had someone to talk to about what was going on in-country, so that, country by country by country, he could identify situations where underaged children were being traf-ficked or being exploited. I just wanted to acknowledge that the gentleman has really been dogged all of these years in moving this issue, and thank him again for what he has done for humanity, frankly. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). b1800 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman R
OYCE for his very kind re-marks. I want to thank him for his ex-traordinary leadership on combating human trafficking for so many years. This bill is just another example of that ironclad commitment to the vic-tims and to trying to bring to justice the perpetrators of this offensive and really abject cruelty perpetrated by human traffickers. H.R. 2219, authored by Chairman R
OYCE and, of course, joined by Mr. K
EATING , Mrs. M ALONEY , and Mrs. L OVE as original cosponsors of the End Bank-ing for Human Traffickers Act of 2018, will make an enormous difference when enacted into law. It recognizes the very important role the Secretary of the Treasury has to play in the detection and eradication of human trafficking, and it ensures that the Secretary is in-cluded in the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Human Trafficking. As we all know, Mr. Speaker, profits drive human trafficking. Profits drive human traffickers to do unspeakable harm to their fellow human beings. Trafficking victims suffer unspeakable cruelty that scars, if they are rescued and are the lucky ones who are res-cued, scars that they carry on for the entirety of their life. This bill goes after the traffickers’ profits by turning the Treasury’s watchful eye on the traffickers’ system for moving and hiding money. The Royce bill will ensure that those work-ing at the Treasury’s anti-money laun-dering and terrorist financing units are ready, willing, and able and empowered legally to detect signs that money may by tied to traffickers and to report their findings to law enforcement. The bill asks the Secretary of the Treasury to review the Department’s systems and tell Congress if any addi-tional legislative changes are needed so that the Department can be effective in the fight against human trafficking. Finally, the bill adds, as the chair-man pointed out in his opening com-ments, to the minimum standards to combat human trafficking by which we evaluate every country in the world, including our own, whether a govern-ment is keeping a watchful eye on fi-nancial transactions, putting the issue on the map for countries that have never thought about it and may be un-wittingly providing financial cover to the traffickers. This bill will reduce profits of the traffickers and, again, will set an ex-ample for other countries of the world to follow. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Chairman R
OYCE for his bill and hope this body will strongly support it. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.023 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3078 April 10, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, first off, I would like to say, as the chairman mentioned in the previous resolution that we discussed, Mr. R
OYCE is leaving us at the end of this term, and I would like to thank him for the real bipartisan effort we have shown—Mr. S
MITH typifies that as well—on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. This is an important committee that has broad responsibilities, as this bill indicates; and, in a Congress where, too often, there are divides and bitterness, that committee stands out as a com-mittee of members who work together, who accomplish solutions to very com-plex international problems that affect us here at home. I know, going for-ward, I believe very strongly, we are going to have an even larger role in issues to come. Mr. Speaker, modern-day slavery de-stroys the lives of far too many inno-cent people. Today, in 2018, this should no longer be a topic of discussion, yet it is becoming increasingly more prob-lematic. The solutions are within reach, and that requires coordination and co-operation. This bill does both. We have the information; we have the expertise; now we must act decisively to put the best tools in the right hands to end this injustice once and for all. And by fo-cusing on the financial mechanism that enables this and sustains this, we will be best able to combat it, not just in seeking it out and destroying it, but making sure, in a comprehensive way, we deal with all those wrongdoers that are involved, not just a few at the bot-tom rung of the ladder. This bill will give the right people around the table the opportunity to better equip themselves to combat human trafficking and break down the financing that supports and enables this heinous crime. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my co-authors for their efforts, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, with Chairman S
MITH present, I want to speak on the legisla-tion which he previously brought up, the legislation prior to this bill. I want to join him—I am a cosponsor of his legislation—in support of H. Res. 128. He and K
AREN BASSand other Mem-bers have worked together as cospon-sors of this legislation, and I want to say the Ethiopians are a very proud people. They have a very rich heritage and a very rich history. Ethiopia is a very important partner for the United States. It has asserted regional influence through rapid eco-nomic growth, as we know, and strong cooperation with us on our security initiatives in the region. It has that commitment that it constantly shows towards combating radical jihadist ex-tremism, and it has made notable strides to address domestic challenges of health and child survival and food security. We have both made trips out there to see that progress, and we celebrate these accomplishments. Ethiopia has come a long way from the devastating famines of the 1980s, and it has achieved much of the benchmarks. Most of the benchmarks that the Mil-lennium Development Goals have set out for it to date have been met. This resolution recognizes the need to continue a close partnership be-tween the United States and Ethiopia to continue that momentum. But it is because of these important bilateral ties that we must ensure that Ethiopia is respecting good governance and democratic values. Deeply ingrained ethnic divisions, marginalization, and years of conflict provide unique governance challenges for the country. Advancing democratic values is never easy, but they are the best way to further Ethiopia’s progress and to further our robust bilateral re-lationship. Reports of widespread human rights abuses and crackdowns on freedom of expression and excessive force against peaceful protestors are unacceptable. The Government of Ethiopia has re-leased thousands of political prisoners in the last few months, and this is a welcome development. However, the re-cently reimposed state of emergency criminalizes peaceful assembly and al-lows state security forces to arrest citizens without charge. This state of emergency must be lifted immediately, which is what this resolution also calls for. The United States must hold the Government of Ethiopia accountable to the peaceful voices of their citizens, while allowing for inclusive political participation and respecting human rights and freedom of expression. All parties must come to the table in order to advance democratic principles and chart the course for a prosperous, inclusive, and peaceful Ethiopia; other-wise, stability and economic progress will suffer over the long term. There is cause for hope, and I com-mend Dr. Abiy Ahmed for his recent appointment as Prime Minister. I am so encouraged by his call for increased political competition and in defense of fundamental human rights. We hope that, under his leadership, the govern-ment will enact meaningful political and social reforms. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague Representative C
OFFMAN for his work on this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, returning to the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act, I want to again thank my colleagues, the ranking member of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, Mr. E
NGEL , Chairman H
ENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS  of the Financial Services Committee, and, of course, B
ILLKEATING for their support of this important legislation. And I thank Mr. C
HRIS SMITH again. I have seen some real reasons for hope that I think, when we are talking about a topic that is this grim, it is good to remind ourselves of how aware-ness can lead to coordinated action and how that, then, can lead to freeing peo-ple from this bondage, especially free-ing children from this bondage. In southern California, we have had great involvement from concerned citi-zens, certainly from our NGO commu-nity, the local law enforcement. I have a trafficking task force that I put to-gether some years ago to bring all of these forces together and work also with victims—survivors, as they refer to themselves—working together to drive these forms of exploitation out of our community; and I have seen some of the effectiveness, especially last Oc-tober, with the good work of the FBI shutting down, across this Nation, so many of these rings. But if we are going to be successful in ending this horrific trade, not just here but worldwide, we have got to cut traffickers off from the financial sys-tem. These criminals are laundering profits through that financial system far too easily. This bill will help end that easy access, and it is certainly going to strengthen the tools for law enforcement to fight these crimes against human dignity. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2219, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
COMBAT ONLINE PREDATORS ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4203) to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4203 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combat Online Predators Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCED PENALTY FOR STALKERS OF CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 110A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2261A the following: ‘‘§ 2261B. Enhanced penalty for stalkers of children ‘‘If the victim of an offense under section 2261A is under the age of 18 years, the maximum imprisonment for the offense is 5 years greater than the maximum term of imprisonment other-wise provided for that offense in section 2261.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.025 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3079 April 10, 2018 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 110A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2261A the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2261B. Enhanced penalty for stalkers of chil-dren.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2261A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2261(b) of this title’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2261(b) or section 2262B, as the case may be’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON BEST PRACTICES REGARDING ENFORCEMENT OF ANTI-STALKING LAWS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress, which shall— (1) include an evaluation of Federal, tribal, State, and local efforts to enforce laws relating to stalking; and (2) identify and describe those elements of such efforts that constitute the best practices for the enforcement of such laws. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b1815 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4203, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased we are voting on H.R. 4203, the Combat On-line Predators Act. This legislation in-creases the maximum criminal penalty for those who stalk children and obli-gates the Department of Justice to re-port best practices for prosecuting stalking laws at the State and local levels. According to the National Center for Victims of Crime, approximately 7.5 million people are stalked each year. While stalking may not involve phys-ical harm, the psychological effects from being stalked can be just as se-vere. Stalking victims live in constant fear of violence. They fear it will never stop. In fact, the prevalence of anxiety, in-somnia, social dysfunction, and severe depression is much higher amongst stalking victims than the general pop-ulation. About half of all victims of stalking indicate that they were stalked before age 25, and about 14 per-cent of female victims and 16 percent of male victims experienced stalking between the ages of 11 and 17. Mr. Speaker, the unfortunate reality is that, in the internet age, stalking our Nation’s youth has become easier for predators. Predators can now har-ass children in their homes—the very places our children should be safest— and can even do so anonymously. H.R. 4203 recognizes that those who stalk minors should be subject to greater criminal penalties. The bill in-creases the maximum allowable prison sentence by 5 years in cases in which the victim is a minor. No child should live in constant fear for their own safe-ty, and this bill will further deter pred-ators from such conduct. Stalking cases are also notoriously difficult to prosecute because they re-quire showing repeated intentional harassment. It is important for pros-ecutors to be able to reference best practices in investigating and pros-ecuting these cases. Therefore, H.R. 4203 requires the Attorney General to issue a report identifying best prac-tices in bringing these cases. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the lead sponsor of this legislation, Congressman BRIAN FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania. This bill was approved with unanimous, bipartisan support by the House Judiciary Committee, and I urge my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is a very important bill, and it is a continuation of the rec-ognition of the United States Congress, Republicans and Democrats, on the im-portance of dealing with online pri-vacy. In the backdrop of Mr. Zuckerberg testifying in the United States Senate, this bill deals with those who would do dastardly things online. So I rise in support of H.R. 4203, the Combat Online Predators Act of 2017. This legislation would increase the maximum penalty under current law for stalking offenses when the victim is a minor. Obviously, this is something that is equal to online bullying, in some sense. Stalking is a crime that impacts both adults and young people alike. Unfortunately, it does not re-ceive the urgent attention it warrants, although it severely threatens the safe-ty and the lives of our children as much as other prevalent crimes. Stalking is one of four enumerated offenses included in the Violence Against Women Act. As we look to re-authorize that bill, I ask that we all take a closer look at stalking provi-sions. Let me thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) for their collaboration and excellent work in trying to stop the surge of online predators utilizing the cyber system to stalk young people. Given the overwhelming use of the internet and social media across the globe, and technological innovations that otherwise enhance our daily lives, online stalking poses a great danger to young people in that it becomes much easier to carry out this crime and in-tensify its intrusiveness. The terrible, abusive nature of this crime is espe-cially magnified when the victim is a child or an adolescent. This widespread problem requires our immediate attention, particularly in this new era where information is eas-ily ascertained, disseminated, and com-promised by bad actors and, at times, by providers—even when done so inad-vertently. Current Federal law prohibits nar-rowly defined instances of stalking, whether accomplished via interstate travel or electronic means. The Com-bat Online Predators Act of 2017 seeks to address the greater harm that can be inflicted on young victims of stalk-ing. It does this by increasing the max-imum prison sentence by 5 years for stalking offenses committed against victims under the age of 18. Online predators are sexual predators who use information and communica-tion technology to locate, target, and victimize minors. A common forum used to target children include chat rooms, instant messaging, or social networking sites for the purpose of flirting and the ultimate goal of meet-ing and engaging in sexual activities, either online or in person. For many young victims, the suf-fering inflicted as a result of stalking can last a lifetime. In fact, research shows children and adolescents who are victims of stalking are more likely to become victims of stalking as adults. Given the alarming number of children targeted, this result is terrifying for the children, for their family members, and for a lifetime. Action Against Stalking released a 2012 report that states: ‘‘273 children were targeted by predators they did not know who tried to—or did—snatch them.’’ There was an attempted kidnapping in my community just a few days ago— not online, but physically—when chil-dren were traveling together for an outing. Fifty-two children were snatched. In 22 cases, the offender at-tempted to take a child in front of their parent. Four cases involved an at-tempt to take a child from a shopping center. So this legislation is crucial, and I am delighted to support this legisla-tion because it provides a reasonable means of protecting our young people from stalking, whether online or in person. It helps to ensure that these vulnerable individuals are shielded from the potentially devastating and long-term physical and mental scars that stalking can inflict. It punishes those who seek to do harm. When a course of harassment and intimidation occurs and rises to the level of stalking by placing the vic-tim in reasonable fear of death or seri-ous bodily injury, it is appropriate that law enforcement intervene. This can be critical to our young people, and it is important when people are victimized that we understand that this may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.010 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3080 April 10, 2018 
occur in person; online; via cellphones, computers, email, text messages; and on social media by what we call cyber stalking. The increased maximum penalty for offenses against minors is a sensible modification. I look forward to the continuing debate and ask my col-leagues to listen carefully as this de-bate proceeds. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House Judiciary Committee, the chairman and ranking member, for unanimously advancing the Combat Online Predators Act for full consideration of the House today. I am also very appreciative of the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) for her tireless, bipartisan leadership in protecting our Nation’s children. This bipartisan legislation was in-spired by the story of the Zezzo family of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose teenage daughter, Madison, was cyber stalked by a friend’s father on social media. Despite the stalking being sex-ual in nature, the then-51-year-old stalker pleaded guilty only to a mis-demeanor stalking charge and was sen-tenced to probation and counseling. Three years later, in 2016, the very same stalker began making contact again. This time he was arrested in a sting operation by local police and sen-tenced to between 18 months and 7 years in State prison. Mr. Speaker, the Zezzo family is here with us today. Their story is the reason that this legislation was written and the reason it will get a full floor vote in the U.S. House of Representatives today. When I first met the Zezzo family in my office, their sense of fear and anx-iety was evident. After hearing of the disturbing story of cyber stalking en-dured by this young girl and her family for years, it was clear that something needed to be done. As legislators and as citizens, we have no higher calling and no higher responsibility than to pro-tect our children. We must do everything we can to forcefully respond to egregious in-stances of stalking and cyber stalking, especially when committed against mi-nors. Our children are the most vulner-able among us. Mr. Speaker, stories like this, unfor-tunately, are too common in this coun-try, and they do not always end with a stalker in custody. The Combat Online Predators Act ensures that not only are we increasing penalties for these crimes, but also requiring Federal law enforcement officials to evaluate and update best practices to combat online stalking and online bullying. This bill provides enhanced criminal penalties for stalkers under title 18 of the U.S. Code, giving judges more flexi-bility to impose harsher punishments. Additionally, the Attorney General and the Department of Justice will be re-quired to produce an evaluation of Fed-eral, State, and local efforts to enforce laws relating to cyber stalking and identify and describe elements of these law enforcement efforts that constitute best practices around the Nation. Cyber stalking is a serious crime that needs to be met with stricter pen-alties and more cooperation amongst law enforcement agencies both on the Federal, State, and local level. The Combat Online Predators Act is the first step in making the internet a safer environment for all users, espe-cially our children. This step cannot come soon enough as the National Cen-ter for Victims of Crime stated in its endorsement of this legislation: ‘‘In to-day’s age where children can be stalked both in person and online, we must en-sure that our laws provide real justice for our most vulnerable victims.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Zezzo family and, in particular, Madi-son Zezzo for sharing her story so that kids across this Nation can be pro-tected. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
UR-
PHY), the original cosponsor, along with Mr. F
ITZPATRICK of this bill. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to be the lead Democrat on this bill, and I want to thank my colleague and friend Congressman B
RIAN FITZPATRICK for his leadership on this important issue. This bipartisan legislation toughens Federal antistalking laws by increas-ing the penalty for convicted defend-ants by up to 5 additional years when their victim is a minor. The bill also requires the Department of Justice to review the enforcement of stalking laws at the State and Federal level and to identify best practices for enforcing such laws. Publishing best practices will help law enforcement agencies and prosecutors around the country secure convictions in these difficult cases. There is nothing more important than protecting our children from harm. Those adults who harass or in-timidate minors, whether in cyber-space or in our communities, must un-derstand that the penalty for their con-duct will be severe. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House will approve this bill today, and I urge the Senate to swiftly do the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Let me thank the two original co-sponsors of this legislation, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ), for their leadership. As technology advances, we are faced with more and more challenges. It is important to note that, among female victims of stalking, an estimated 16.3 percent were first stalked before the age of 18, and an estimated 3.5 percent between the ages of 11 and 17. Of the male stalking victims, an esti-mated 20.5 percent first experienced stalking before the age of 18—this is clearly legislation that is needed— while 16.2 percent were first stalked be-fore the age of 11 and 17. This underlying bill is to help protect our children. This legislation does not require mandatory minimums. This sentencing that has been included is at the discretion of the judge, but as we reckon with the question of privacy, cybersecurity, protecting our children from bullying, this legislation is very important to move us one step forward to provide a safe place of learning and also a place of quality as our children grow in this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, only to urge my colleagues to support this very strong, bipartisan legislation. I want to congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ). I want to thank the ranking member of our Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee for her work in this area. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4203, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1830 REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4790, VOLCKER RULE REGU-LATORY HARMONIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–629) on the resolution (H. Res. 811) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.030 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3081 April 10, 2018 
community banks from the require-ments of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 10, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 10, 2018, at 12:22 p.m.: That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 3445. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 3979. Appointments: The Creating Options for Veterans’ Expe-dited Recovery (COVER Commission). The United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Motions to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2219, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4203, by the yeas and nays; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2219) to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 408, nays 2, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 130] YEAS—408 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—18 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Frankel (FL) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Issa Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Moore Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Shea-Porter Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1856 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, my flight to Washington, D.C. was delayed this evening. As a result, I was absent in the House Cham-ber for the first vote in the series, roll call vote 130, on Tuesday, April 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on roll call vote 130. 
f 
COMBAT ONLINE PREDATORS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4203) to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.033 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3082 April 10, 2018 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 2, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 131] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—17 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Frankel (FL) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Issa Jenkins (WV) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Moore Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Shea-Porter Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1905 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 166, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 30, as follows: [Roll No. 132] YEAS—231 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crowley Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Goodlatte Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Marshall Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Posey Raskin Reed Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Tenney Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Young (IA) 
NAYS—166 
Amash Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Faso Fitzpatrick Flores 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.036 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3083 April 10, 2018 
Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Hartzler Hastings Hice, Jody B. Hill Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Lance Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Nolan O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—30 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Calvert Crawford DesJarlais Doggett Frankel (FL) Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Holding Issa Jenkins (WV) Labrador Loudermilk Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Moore Perlmutter Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Russell Schakowsky Shea-Porter Shuster Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1913 Mr. L
OBIONDO changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
STB INFORMATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 4921) to require the Surface Board of Transportation to implement certain recommendations of the In-spector General of the Department of Transportation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sur-face Transportation Board to imple-ment certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1915 GRAND OPENING OF LOTUS VILLAGE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on April 20, Lotus House Shelter will have the grand opening of Lotus Vil-lage, a home for disadvantaged women and children that will offer a meaning-ful solution to prevent homelessness in my area of Miami-Dade County. Lotus House is dedicated to improv-ing the lives of homeless women, youth, and children, providing support, education, tools, and resources that empower them to heal, learn, and blos-som into who they are truly meant to be. Today, Lotus House shelters over 250 individuals on a daily basis, 680 annu-ally, breaking the cycle of childhood abuse, domestic violence, and home-lessness. The opening of the new home, Lotus Village, offers increased capacity, a neighborhood health clinic, a chil-dren’s daycare center, and a wellness center. Lotus Village includes pro-grams like child therapy, nurturing parenting classes, as well as training programs for life skills and job readi-ness. This safe haven is deeply integrated in the fabric of our community, and I am incredibly proud of the tireless work of all the volunteers of Lotus House Shelter in serving those in need reintegrate into society. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HILLSIDE FIFTH AND SIXTH GRADE ALL- STAR BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Hillside fifth and sixth grade all-star basketball team for winning their championship game in overtime to become the 2018 Jersey Basketball Association Gold Di-vision champions. This was the first year that Hillside had a fifth and sixth grade team at all. In fact, some of the players on this tal-ented team had never even touched a basketball before signing up this year. Their raw talent, positive attitude, willingness to learn, and parental sup-port helped drive the players toward victory. Under Coach Nikko Velez and his fa-ther, Coach Nick Velez, the team achieved a 13–1 regular season record and a 4–0 postseason record. The only team that they lost to in the regular season was the team they beat in the championship game. I ask my colleagues to join me to congratulate the Hillside fifth and sixth grade all-star team for its win-ning season. f 
NATIONAL RETIREMENT PLANNING WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the start of Na-tional Retirement Planning Week. For many, retirement can seem a long way off, far away, something not to worry about, in the future. But healthcare costs are rising, people are living longer, and a shift away from employer pensions means they will likely face more uncertainty in their retirement than ever before. Far too many, Mr. Speaker, will find them-selves with too little in retirement to live comfortably. But planning early on and socking away a little now for the future will go a long way. Make a plan, start to save, and find out how your employer can help. As co-chair of the Financial Secu-rity and Life Insurance Caucus along with R
ICHARD NEAL from Massachu-setts, we are working together across the aisle to ensure that public policy encourages more savings, more plan-ning, and more education to help fami-lies plan for the future in the event of disability, long-term medical care, or death. Mr. Speaker, 4 million Americans are retiring every year. That is 10,000 peo-ple a day. National Retirement Plan-ning Week is a chance to remind Min-nesotans and all Americans that think-ing about retirement should start in your twenties, not in your fifties. 
f 
KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, tonight, I rise to speak on the vital goal of seeing the Korean Peninsula and its people peacefully reunited under a commitment to the values of human rights, freedom, and democracy. For nearly three-quarters of a cen-tury, the Korean people have been di-vided by armed conflict and political boundaries. Yet, despite this adversity, the fundamental unity and shared her-itage of the Korean people continue to endure. I am, therefore, heartened by the po-tential of May’s talks between the United States, the Republic of Korea, and the People’s Republic of Korea. While the road to peaceful reunifica-tion is a long one, next month’s talks are an essential first step toward the reunification and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I commend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.019 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3084 April 10, 2018 
both the American and South Korean Governments for embarking on this first step. I also want to recognize all those who have dedicated themselves to the cause of reunification, including the wonder-ful Korean-American people of my dis-trict and the Chicago area, as well as the National Unification Advisory Council and its Chicago chapter. The work of these dedicated advocates and others has brought new hope to all who would see Korea peacefully reunited. 
f 
2018 MASTERS GOLF TOURNAMENT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last week, in Augusta, Georgia, we celebrated a tradition that is truly unlike any other. The first full week of April is al-ways one filled with excitement and stellar competition as we watch the most talented golfers in the world take on the famed Augusta National Golf Course. For 1 week each year, the world gets a glimpse into Georgia 12 and the won-derful people who live and work there, the district I have the great honor of representing. From the world famous azaleas to the delicious pimento cheese sandwiches, the tradition that encom-passes the Masters is truly something special. We also heard a historic announce-ment from Chairman Fred Ridley that the final round of a new competition, the Augusta National Women’s Ama-teur tournament, will be played at the Augusta National, furthering the Mas-ters tradition and the future of golf. I would like to congratulate Chair-man Ridley for his leadership in mak-ing this important decision. I would also like to congratulate this year’s Masters champion and Augusta Univer-sity graduate, Patrick Reed, for his outstanding performance under the greatest pressure experienced in any competition: the back nine at Augusta. It is my great privilege to welcome people from around the globe to the world’s greatest sporting event as we count down the days until Masters 2019. 
f 
TAX SCAM AND TEACHER WALKOUTS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, across our country, following West Virginia’s lead, teachers in Kentucky, Oklahoma, and Arizona are demanding change and showing the power of unified action. Teachers and school support staff have a simple request: a fair wage, funding to replace decades-old text-books, and updating the buildings in which our children are educated. For decades, Republican-led States made dramatic cuts to schools, harm-ing students, and undervaluing our teachers, while doling out huge tax breaks for the rich and big corpora-tions. Yet, as we see these teachers take a stand, Republicans keep trying to sell their trickle-down tax scam. Remember, the latest GOP tax scam gave away 83 percent to the top 1 per-cent. From 1996 to 2015, teacher pay, ad-justed for inflation, fell by $30 per week. And reports state that some Oklahoma teachers work three, four, five, and even six jobs to pay the bills. Cutting taxes for the rich doesn’t give teachers and hardworking people a leg up; it deprives already cash- strapped communities of much-needed resources. We can’t short education. Liberty de-pends on it. I stand in solidarity with these teachers and many in Ohio and across our country who are fighting to ensure workers get a fair shake. Change is on the horizon, and law-makers better take heed. f 
WORLD AUTISM MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during World Autism Month to recognize and sup-port all children and adults with au-tism spectrum disorder. Today, millions of adults and an esti-mated 1 out of every 68 children in the United States have been diagnosed with some form of autism spectrum disorder. Notwithstanding these diag-noses, Americans with autism make exceptional contributions across our Nation and around the world. Each April, Autism Speaks cele-brates the start of its signature cam-paign, Light It Up Blue, along with the international autism community, in recognition of United Nations-des-ignated World Autism Awareness Day, which was celebrated on April 2, and April as World Autism Month. Light It Up Blue is a unique global campaign to increase understanding and acceptance for people living with autism. Mr. Speaker, during World Autism Month, let us renew our commitment to support the entire international au-tism community, including children and adults with autism, their families, and caregivers. Together, we can in-crease access to information, encour-age heightened understanding of au-tism, promote respect and dignity, and support the services that assist people with autism to reach their full poten-tial. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARLY KREIBAUM (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Carly Kreibaum. Carly attended the Route 91 Festival on October 1 in Las Vegas. Carly was a doting mother to her two children, Dalten and Cambri, and she was a loving wife to her husband, Chris. She worked at Walmart in Spencer, Iowa, as a department manager for 12 years. As a kid, she loved playing in her high school band and singing in the choir. She enjoyed playing basketball, and threw shot put for the school track and field team. Carly went to Las Vegas with two of her friends for a fun getaway. She was very involved in her commu-nity and was known for being very kind and outgoing. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Carly’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
KANZE KAHINDI WALKS A MARATHON EVERY DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, every day, Kanze Kahindi leaves her small village in southeast Kenya on a mis-sion. Her mission? Find water. She walks 13 miles one way to fetch water from the closest resource: a muddy pond polluted with animal and human waste. Then she walks home. Mr. Speaker, that is 26 miles a day— a marathon. Kanze has been doing this almost every day for 40 years. She walks thou-sands of miles for something Ameri-cans take for granted. We can simply turn on our faucets and out comes clean, drinkable water. But not for Kanze, and not for 1 billion people around the world who don’t have access to running water. That is why the Water for the World Act Representative B
LUMENAUER and I authored is now the law. This legisla-tion requires a comprehensive plan for the U.S. to aid other countries in se-curing clean water. We have it in our power to help peo-ple like Kanze. No one on this Earth should be denied access to this basic re-source needed for survival—because water is life. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1930 ASSAD’S MURDEROUS ATTACK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, the Syrian Assad dictatorship mercilessly used chemical weapons of mass destruction on the last rebel-held stronghold near Syria’s capital, Damascus, murdering over 50 innocent people, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.042 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3085 April 10, 2018 
women and children. This comes ex-actly 1 year after the chemical weap-ons attack that resulted in President Donald Trump’s launching of Toma-hawk cruise missiles at the air base that launched the chemical weapons attack. Assad’s actions are a clear violation of international law and human rights, and the world must stand against this indiscriminate massacre. I am grateful for the leadership of President Donald Trump, United Na-tions Ambassador Nikki Haley, and Na-tional Security Advisor John Bolton to address this threat to protect Amer-ican families. I stand with Ambassador Haley in calling for the United Nations to adopt a resolution that would condemn the continuing use of chemical weapons in Syria in the strongest terms and to es-tablish a new body to determine re-sponsibility for chemical attacks any-where in the world. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
DON’T MESS WITH BALLARD HOUSE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Don’t mess with Texas’’ is a phrase we Tex-ans use when challenged. The folks in Katy, Texas, tweaked that phrase a little bit after Hurricane Harvey. They tweaked it to, ‘‘Don’t mess with Ballard House.’’ In 2008, Cinco Charities opened tem-porary lodging for families coming to Katy for treatment of life-threatening conditions, a home away from home. Five years and 500 guests later, it be-came clear that Cinco Charities needed to have a permanent home. Angels on Earth, Monty and Erin Ballard, raised the funds for 24 family suites. Before Harvey, it was clear we needed more rooms. Monty and Erin’s foundation gave a $2 million grant to double the size of Ballard House. Groundbreaking is tomorrow. Harvey gave us a big hit, but we turned that 24 suites now into 48 suites for families. The message is clear: Don’t mess with Ballard House. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARK JOHNSON ON WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mark Johnson, a fellow Texan, a former marine, a father and a grandfather. On March 17 and 18, Mark completed a double Ironman race across the State of Texas. A double Ironman is a 53.2-mile run, 4.8-mile swim, and 224-mile bike ride. He began in Marble Falls in my district and ended in Lufkin, Texas. When asked why he chose to attempt the event, he answered swiftly: ‘‘For Wendy, my amazing sister who has Down syndrome.’’ In addition to honoring his sister and raising awareness, Mark Johnson has pledged all monetary donations to the National Down Syndrome Society. This is the leading human rights organiza-tion for all individuals with Down syn-drome and where he sits on the board of directors. Today and every day, let us celebrate advocates like Mark, his sister, Wendy, and all individuals with Down syn-drome and their families. In God we trust. f 
RECOGNIZING ANTONIO PAGLIARO (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Antonio Pagliaro. An-tonio recently lost his battle to cancer, leaving behind his wife, Nicole, their children, Alexis, Antonio, and Kylie, as well as his parents, Tony and Richetta, and his brothers, Peter and Michael Pagliaro. As a graduate of the T.R. Proctor High School class of 1999, Antonio began his professional destiny and pur-pose in life to help people in need by serving in the emergency medical serv-ices industry. His passion was to pro-vide critical help and comfort to those in need, especially in his hometown in the city of Utica, New York. Antonio was a paramedic supervisor with Kunkel Ambulance for 15 years. He was also a 10-year volunteer with the Schuyler Volunteer Fire Depart-ment. Antonio was a courageous public servant who served our community selflessly. He put his life on the line every single day for the betterment of all of us. Along with being a dedicated public servant, Antonio was a passionate cook, number one dance dad, a gar-dener, and a parishioner of the Church of Our Lady of Lourdes, and so much more. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recog-nizing Antonio Pagliaro, a true home-town hero. Our community is lucky to have had such a selfless, loving person as Antonio, and we wish his family prayers and positive thoughts to the entire family from all of us and my col-leagues. 
f 
CONGRESS, NOT THE PRESIDENT, HAS THE AUTHORITY TO DE-CLARE WAR (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, James Madison, the father of the American Constitution, said that its most important provision was given to the Congress, and not the President, the authority to declare war. This is central to the separation of powers. Congress can declare war, but cannot wage it; the President can wage war, but cannot declare it. This bright line has been badly blurred over the years, but that doesn’t change its clarity and importance. The Constitutional Convention was clear that the President’s inherent authority as Commander in Chief was solely to repulse an attack against this country until the Congress could convene. The Syrian crisis presents no such exception. If it can be proven that the recent use of gas against the civilian popu-lation was initiated by the Assad re-gime, well, then supplying arms and material to the Syrian opposition, eco-nomic sanctions, and other non-military responses are appropriate, but any military action against Syria first requires a congressional declaration, period. f 
TAX REFORM TRUTH TELLERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, in February, Congress-man P
AULMITCHELL of Michigan and I established the Tax Reform Truth Tell-ers series to combat the misinforma-tion being spread about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Today I had the distinct honor of joining my colleagues from the great States of California and New York to talk about the benefits this historic tax reform bill is having on our com-munities and local economies. When it comes to taxes, our two States have something in common: some of the highest State tax rates in the country. My district in Orange County, Cali-fornia, is home to great people, beau-tiful weather, and a rich history, but it is also located in the highest taxed State in the Nation. It is my duty to find ways to help my constituents build and achieve their American Dream, whether it is opening a small business, sending their children to college, or saving for retirement. Unfortunately, high taxes can prevent these dreams from becoming a reality. While the State legislatures in Sac-ramento and Albany keep placing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.044 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3086 April 10, 2018 
crushing tax burdens on their resi-dents, congressional Republicans take action to lower the Federal tax burden on hardworking Americans and job cre-ators in our districts. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did just that by lowering rates and restoring the ability of American companies to compete globally. For too long, our Tax Code was bro-ken. It imposed high tax rates on fami-lies, individuals, and small businesses; it was full of special interest loopholes; it contained a tax structure that en-couraged companies to ship jobs over-seas; and individuals, families, and job creators spent nearly 9 billion hours each year preparing their taxes, which cost the economy $400 billion in lost productivity. Last December, we addressed those issues and fixed our outdated Tax Code when we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation lowers rates for nearly every taxpayer, doubles the standard deduction for individual and joint filers, and maintains popular de-ductions that will help working fami-lies in cities like Irvine, Mission Viejo, and Tustin. When the new withholding rates took effect in February, Orange County resi-dents saw their take-home pay in-crease. Now, families and individuals are rightfully keeping more of their hard-earned paychecks. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has also encouraged economic growth and job creation. Since the tax reform package was signed into law, our economy has experienced its most robust growth rate since 2005, consumer and manufac-turing confidence are near record highs, and just last month, the U.S. economy experienced its strongest month of job growth in nearly 2 years. Over 500 companies have given their employees new benefits, like pay raises, bonuses, and increased match-ing 401(k) contributions. In the last 3 months, 4 million American workers have received bonuses. Furthermore, the National Associa-tion for Business Economics has in-creased its 2018 economic growth pro-jections to nearly 3 percent. This posi-tive economic news is a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, the results of tax re-form are exceeding our expectations, especially in my district. Some were concerned about the potential rami-fications this bill would have on Or-ange County, but in the last few months, our community and local economy has flourished. Orange Coun-ty residents are keeping more of their paychecks, allowing them to spend and invest their own money as they see fit; after all, it is their money, not the gov-ernment’s. Local businesses are benefiting, al-lowing them to create jobs and provide higher wages for their employees. One example is the Walt Disney Company, Orange County’s largest employer and the place where I held my first job as a senior in high school. With their sav-ings under the new Tax Code, Disney gave each of its 125,000 employees a $1,000 cash bonus. Disney also estab-lished a new higher education initia-tive that will cover tuition costs for hourly employees. STERIS, a medical device company, has several facilities throughout the State of California, including one in Tustin. Following the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, STERIS gave its employees a $1,000 bonus. Through-out the country, millions of Americans are benefiting from tax reform, and STERIS is an example of a company making those benefits a reality for my constituents in Tustin, California. These Orange County companies re-flect just a small sampling of the suc-cess the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is hav-ing across the Nation. Today, my colleagues from California and New York will share their stories from their districts about how their communities and local economies are thriving due to the new tax law. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ), a United States Army veteran, a member of the House Armed Services Committee, and a representative of California’s 25th District. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak about the impacts of the re-cently enacted tax law. The reduction in the corporate tax rate enables U.S. companies to com-pete on a level playing field with for-eign businesses without having to move their headquarters abroad. Here in the U.S., in each of our dis-tricts, they can invest their savings back into their businesses. This is be-cause the reform changes the equation for what will make them more profit-able. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act now means that expanding factories and payrolls here in the U.S. make better business sense. Northrop Grumman, which has a sig-nificant presence in my district, Cali-fornia’s 25th, announced it would in-crease capital expenditures by 10 per-cent and provide a $1,000 per year con-tribution for each of their employees’ retirement accounts. Millions of Americans have received increases in their paychecks. Check your check. The Treasury Department estimated that 90 percent of Americans will now receive more take-home pay. The reform reinforced positive trends we have experienced over the past few years. U.S. jobless claims have fallen to their lowest level since 1973. Setting politics aside, this bill lifts burdens on U.S. businesses and tax-payers to allow everyone to invest more and save more. We can all see the effects of these changes today, and we will continue to see them play out over the coming months and years. Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker R
YAN, Chairman B
RADY , and their staffs for their organizing an inclusive, coopera-tive process in drafting this bill and driving it forward. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), my friend and a member of the Committee on Agriculture and the representative of California’s 21st District. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to talk about something that is so important. We always talk about the different things we can do in Congress to help our constituents. Something I spend a lot of time on is water. It is very im-portant to help my local community survive, it is obviously important for agriculture, but it is very important for those who live and breathe in the Central Valley. Delivering water to their homes is something that some of us outside of the area might not see threatened, but in the Central Valley, it is something we do see. b1945 But tax reform is something that has a real impact on people every single day. The Central Valley happens to be what I would say, and I think a lot of people would agree, some of the hard-est working people in the United States. When you drive throughout the Cen-tral Valley and you see people out in the fields working really hard in some of the warmest weather, some of the hottest weather, it has a real impact on people; and giving these people an opportunity to be able to keep more of their money is something I think is very important. While I don’t know if this coming week people will see a simplified sys-tem, because it hasn’t taken effect yet, I know that people who work really hard throughout the Central Valley are already starting to see an increase in their paychecks. I have heard it myself as I have gone around the district talk-ing to constituents; people stopping me in the grocery store bringing up the fact that they are already seeing things in their paychecks. I have even had employers tell me that their em-ployees walked up to them and talked a little bit about the difference they are seeing. The Central Valley is an area that needs this more than a lot of other areas. When you look at the median in-come, Central Valley, or at least the 21st Congressional District, is about $40,000. So when you talk about dou-bling the standard deduction—before this tax plan went into place, about 83 percent of the people filed the standard deduction. Now, with doubling that standard deduction, you are going to see upwards of 90 to 95 percent of peo-ple filing the standard deduction. What does that mean? That means, in the past, people only keep about $12,000 of their first income tax-free. Now they are going to go forward and have the opportunity to earn $24,000 without being taxed. So the first $24,000 isn’t going to be touched, and that is impressive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.046 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3087 April 10, 2018 
Then, throughout the Central Valley, a lot of folks, with their children, hav-ing families, something that, myself, with three kids, something I am very proud of, we are doubling the child tax credit. We are going from $1,000 to $2,000. That is going to have an impact on about 64,000 people in the 21st Con-gressional District. Twenty-five thousand constituents own small businesses. This new law will help them grow their businesses and help them be more successful. In fact, some economists say that this new law will help create about 111,000 jobs in the State of California. This tax bill is going to have a posi-tive impact throughout the 21st Con-gressional District. We are already starting to see it now, and we are going to see it going forward. As this new bill takes effect, people throughout the 21st Congressional Dis-trict will see an annual tax savings of about $1,300, almost $1,400. This is real relief for people; and no matter what anyone else goes out and says, this is not peanuts. This is not a small amount. $1,400 has a real impact on people being able to buy groceries; being able to save for their kids’ education; being able to keep their families com-fortable, if it is running the air condi-tioner or keeping the house com-fortable. These are all things that have a real impact on people’s everyday lives, so I am thrilled to be able to come here and talk a little bit about the positive impact that we are having throughout the 21st, and I am looking forward to seeing how much more we do. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman, my friend from southern Cali-fornia, for the opportunity to be here and play a role in this. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), a member of the House Financial Serv-ices Committee and the Representative of New York’s 22nd District. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate my colleague from California and her hard work on this really important issue. Taxes are, of course, extremely im-portant in New York State as being one of the highest taxed States in the Nation, along with California, an undistinguished honor that we don’t want to have. But I rise today to actually recognize the thousands of hardworking families across the 22nd District of New York, and throughout upstate, who have felt the real impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code was broken. It was rid-dled with loopholes that penalized suc-cess and hurt hardworking families and hardworking taxpayers. Our middle-in-come families were the ones who suf-fered as the economy and wages re-mained stagnant. As I traveled from Sandy Creek to Vestal, Little Falls to Cortland, I heard real stories from families, small- business owners, single parents, vet-erans, and seniors detailing the damage of our oppressive Tax Code. It held our small businesses back, crippled our family farms, and left our families feel-ing hopeless and overwhelmed. That is why we stepped up to the plate, took our constituents’ concerns and stories to Washington, and passed legislation that reflected the values of fairness and hard work. No longer is our economy stagnant. No longer will American businesses and families suf-fer under an unfair and oppressive Tax Code from Washington. Here in New York, tax reform has provided once-in-a-generation relief from the failed status quo, a status quo that was created in part and mostly by Albany politicians whose seemingly only intent is to tax and spend, and I dare say, waste our hard-earned money. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the typical middle class family of four in New York’s 22nd District, which I rep-resent, will see a tax cut of $2,439. Imagine what kind of money that could do for a family of four. Now, families will have the oppor-tunity and means to save for college, plan for the future, invest in their re-tirement, and provide their children with increased educational opportuni-ties. Families know how to spend their re-sources much better than the Federal Government. That is why we are put-ting real money back into the pockets of hardworking families, money they earned, and money they deserve to keep. Throughout the debate on tax re-form, I, along with my fellow col-leagues from New York, fought an up-hill battle to include provisions facing elimination that are vital to seniors, single parents, struggling families, and overly burdened job creators. One of the key provisions that we New Yorkers fought tirelessly to in-clude is the State and local tax deduc-tion or, as you heard often, the SALT deduction. I would like to thank Chair-man B
RADY and everyone on the Ways and Means Committee for under-standing the importance of this deduc-tion and what it means to my constitu-ents. As a result of our advocacy, near-ly all of my constituents in the 22nd District will be able to continue to claim a SALT deduction. It is also flexible, which means it can be used for property sales or income tax, and not just restricted to local tax. In the 22nd District, 99 percent of itemizers deduct less than $10,000 in property taxes. This provision will cover the overwhelming number of property owners who own homes of less than $450,000 in value, which is a very nice home in my district, a little dif-ferent than in the coastal areas and sometimes you will see in the southern tier of New York. The reason the SALT deduction mat-ters stems from Albany politicians who have no regard for the taxpayers they represent. For example, all eight of the counties that I represent are in the top 36 highest property tax rates compared to home value nationwide per county. This bill provides relief on the Fed-eral level, while finally taking a step to encourage fiscal responsibility from Albany. I have always put the tax-payers I represent first, and it is long past time for politicians in Albany to do the same, and we are hoping that this bill will incentivize them to do that to help our taxpayers. The benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act do not stop there. Earlier this year, I heard from Frank Suits. Frank is the president and CEO of Suit-Kote Corporation, a family owned, multigen-erational paving company in Cortland, New York. Frank wrote to me to share the impact tax reform has had on his business and nearly 800 employees. First, in direct response to the new tax law, Suit-Kote announced plans to match the Federal tax cut and provide its employees with a 2 percent retro-active pay increase and has begun to accelerate 401(k) contributions for 2018 by 4 months to provide employees addi-tional funds in their retirement ac-counts. Our goal in passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was to deliver this type of re-lief to hardworking families like those employed by Suit-Kote, and it was an honor for me to actually go to Suit- Kote and meet with the employees and hear from them, firsthand, just how great their benefits were from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We also heard that NBT Bank, a local bank in my region, with dozens of loca-tions throughout the 22nd District, has used tax reform to invest in its em-ployees. NBT decided to raise the start-ing hourly rate of pay from $11 to $15 an hour, without a mandate coming from the government, merely because of the benefits from tax reform. Em-ployees earning $50,000 or less will re-ceive a permanent minimum increase of 5 percent this year. Another great little business in my community, fairly new, started by a young guy, A&P Masters Images, LLC, in Utica, a small printing business, has hired another full-time graphic de-signer and is now weighing the options of putting on an addition to its build-ing in the city of Utica. Howard Potter, CEO of A&P Masters, said with everyone’s increase in pay he can already see a morale boost coming from his employees. He said the end-of- the-year tax relief for businesses will help them afford to be more aggressive with investing in their growth, to build or buy, or hire more staff, and buy more equipment. While these companies are based in the 22nd District, there are dozens of other companies with branches in my district that are reaping the benefits of tax reform. For example, CVS is in-creasing its wages for hourly employ-ees from $9 to $11 an hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.048 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3088 April 10, 2018 
Home Depot, with a location right next to my New Hartford office, is giv-ing employees a bonus of up to $1,000, with the chairman and CEO of the com-pany stating it was directly made pos-sible by the tax reform bill. Lowe’s and Walmart are also giving back to their employees as a direct re-sult of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. All three of these corporations have nu-merous locations across my district and employ hundreds of hardworking citizens throughout NY’s 22nd. Critics of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have called this law and its benefits crumbs, or Armageddon, as you fa-mously heard. They have also called this law a handout to the 1 percent. Time and again, they have been proven wrong. Just this past weekend, our very own New York Post declared, and I am paraphrasing: GOP’s tax cut isn’t actu-ally a gift to the rich. They come to that conclusion from an analysis done by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, who found that the top 20 percent of wage earners will pay 87 percent of all Federal income taxes in 2018, up from 84 percent last year. Additionally, the analysis found that most families earn-ing under $50,000 a year will pay almost no Federal income taxes at all, and many will see a refund. Mr. Speaker, this does not sound like middle class Armageddon to me. These benefits certainly do not sound like crumbs. This is money that can be used to get ahead on car payments, to pay rent, to pay mortgages, so much more that everyday Americans struggle with in a tough economy. Businesses like the ones I mentioned are proof that providing desperately needed relief from the Federal side for the failed tax-and-spend status quo that we see in New York is the most ef-fective way to improve the lives of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from California for her advo-cacy on this and for asking us to join. One added note I would like to say is we found also from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center that New York is going to be one of the gainers. We are actually going to see a growth in our economy and a growth in jobs, in spite of what Albany may or may not do; but we are really grateful for that, and I just want to say it is an honor to sup-port the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and to advocate for the things in that bill that helped our district. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ), a fellow member of the House Energy and Com-merce Committee and the Representa-tive of the 27th District of New York. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the impact that is having in New York’s 27th Congressional District. When Republicans in Congress and President Donald Trump started work-ing on tax reform, Democrats imme-diately began attacking the bill before it was even written. They deliberately spread lies to the American people, which caused chaos and confusion, in an effort to derail our progress. The working families in western New York now know the truth because they have seen an increase in their pay-checks. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making our economy stronger and ben-efiting American families and busi-nesses, both big and small. The business community is respond-ing and taking action by giving raises, bonuses, and other employee benefits as a direct result of tax reform. In western New York, thousands of work-ers are reaping the benefits. M&T Bank, in Buffalo, increased the base wages for hourly employees, gave all employees 40 hours a year in paid time off to volunteer in their commu-nity, and significantly increased con-tributions to the M&T Foundation. Pioneer Credit Recovery in Arcade, New York, gave a $1,000 bonus to each of their 800 employees. Evans Bank in Hamburg also gave $1,000 bonuses to non-senior level em-ployees and increased charitable dona-tions. Everett J. Prescott, Incorporated, gave $1,000 bonuses to employees with more than a year of service and $250 bo-nuses to employees with less than a year of service. Financial Institutions of Warsaw gave employees a bonus of $500. LiDestri Food and Drink in Roch-ester gave all of their 1,200 employees in their five U.S. facilities an extra full paycheck. Environmental Construction Group in Albion, New York, gave each of their 50 employees a $500 bonus. National chains that employ many of my constituents have also given bo-nuses: T.J.Maxx, Walmart, AT&T, Home Depot, Chipotle, Lowe’s, Starbucks, U-Haul, FedEx, Apple, and the list goes on and on. b2000 The liberal left calls these pay in-creases and bonuses crumbs, but my constituents know tax reform is a sig-nificant win. Because Republicans have reformed our complicated and outdated Tax Code, our children and grandchildren will be able to participate in a growing economy. The truth is tax reform is a positive step in making America great again. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), my friend and colleague, and a member of the House Agriculture and Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committees, who represents the 10th District of California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, our pre-vious Tax Code was ineffective and out-dated. For too long, Americans’ history of entrepreneurs and aspiring job cre-ators has been in jeopardy. The United States now ranks 12th worldwide in business openings. For the first time in 35 years, American business closures outnumbered busi-ness openings—the first time in 35 years. That means jobs were vanishing faster than they were being created. For decades, our country’s families have been burdened by countless hours of paperwork just putting taxes to-gether, confusing tax rules that you needed an accountant or a lawyer to look at, and unsustainable rates that cut into everyday hardworking pay-checks. The Code also did little to encourage U.S. companies to invest right here. In-stead, it was only successful in cre-ating new loopholes, exemptions, and disincentives that pushed more profits and jobs overseas. The Tax Code just wasn’t working. That is why I was proud to have supported and coau-thored H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which tackled each of these sepa-rate issues in ways to support Amer-ican families and U.S. job growth. In the midst of all the rhetoric around here, the partisanship, the Washington spin outside of this build-ing, it is important that we don’t lose sight of who actually won in this. It is the people in my district. People in places all across the country. It is Americans who won by changing the Tax Code. This bill will allow businesses to grow, to continue to give bonuses and raises. Small businesses will now have the flexibility to make new hires and investments, thanks to the new 20 per-cent deduction for qualified pass- through companies. It is a deduction to make sure we are hiring new people. They will also be able to imme-diately write off the full cost of pur-chases of new and used equipment, making their goals to expand oper-ations a reality. This gives them the opportunity to take the money that they are making, the profits that they are making to go out and buy new equipment, buy new supplies, and be able to hire more people and bring them into their company. The bill is also good for agriculture. That is my district’s biggest economic driver. It repealed the harmful estate tax and includes supportive export pro-visions that help our local farmers compete and sell their crops on the na-tional market. The bill is good for our communities. It creates a new pathway for invest-ments to flow directly into lower in-come areas. These newly designated op-portunity zones will receive the nec-essary capital infusion to jump-start their economies and support our local residents. Most importantly, the bill is good for individuals and families. It cuts rates across the board and doubles the stand-ard deduction. It also bolsters the value of the child tax credit. Now, a lot of people have asked me: What is the standard deduction? Most people just take all of their informa-tion for the year and they give to it their accountant or they put it into the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.049 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3089 April 10, 2018 
system and try to understand the old Tax Code. The standard deduction was some-thing that most people in my district did before, but by doubling it, 94 per-cent of the people in my district will now utilize the standard deduction. This affects everybody. Other commonsense provisions, like the earned income tax credit, adoption tax credit, charitable deductions, and retirement savings options are all pre-served under the bill. That ensures that families can keep more of their own money. Now, since this bill passed, being home in the district, I have been to the bank and talked to people. In the gro-cery store, people have come up to me and told me what a difference this has made in their paycheck—$50 a week, $100 a paycheck, $200 a month. It is real money adding up to the people in my district. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have sup-ported this bill for the expansion it is going to enable in our businesses, for the new jobs it is going to create, and for the people who are going to see it in their paychecks every paycheck. I recently did a roundtable. We called in businesses and tax accountants and experts on the Tax Code, all together, not only to look at what this new bill has done, but specifically how we would see job growth in our commu-nity. Time and time again, I heard from businesses independently owned that talked about the expansion that they are going to see. We will see a great expansion in growth across this country: seeing money that was invested overseas com-ing back and reinvested here, markets that we have lost that will now be com-ing back. Manufacturing, building things again, that is what this bill is all about, supporting American fami-lies and the pursuit of the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have sup-ported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), a fellow Californian and a member of the House Budget Committee, who rep-resents the Fourth District of Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to ask ourselves how legislation is actually doing once it has passed; and 4 months after tax reform, I think it is time to reflect on that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from California for organizing this time tonight. In my California district, the average family is paying $1,900 less Federal in-come tax this coming year. That means 1,900 more dollars that they can spend to meet their own needs. I want to urge everyone to visit a website called taxplancalculator.com. There, you can put your own tax num-bers in and calculate how your family will fare under the new tax law this year. Everyone I have directed to taxplancalculator.com has come back happily surprised. But the real importance of tax re-form is expanding our overall economy. That is the rising tide that lifts all boats. One provision of the measure allowed companies to write off the full cost of equipment purchases when they make the purchase. But what does that mean in real life? Well, Ken Steers is president of Freight Solution Providers, a local shipping company in my district that provides worldwide transportation lo-gistics for businesses large and small. He tells me that since the tax reform took effect, his shipping orders for manufacturing equipment have gone through the roof and haven’t let up. Before the tax reform, our corporate tax rate was 35 percent, the highest in the industrialized world. We reduced it to 21 percent. Aslam Malik is CEO of AMPAC Fine Chemicals in Sacramento and El Do-rado Counties. They produce the active ingredient in several cancer and epi-lepsy drugs. He said they could outcompete their European competi-tors in terms of quality and technology and service, but many customers told him that even if their product was free, the American tax made AMPAC non-competitive. Well, I checked back with Aslam this week. They have already added $2 million to their budget for ex-pansion because, literally, a whole new world of business opportunities has opened up for them. Now, the left says this is just tax re-lief for the rich. Obviously, they don’t understand that this is precisely what produces higher pay, better jobs, great-er opportunities, and stronger financial security for every American. I attended the Oakhurst Rotary Club last week. They have a tradition of do-nating dollars to the club as they re-port good news in their own lives. One Rotarian had been out of work for nearly 2 years. He was on the verge of despair. With tears in his eyes, he announced to the group that he had just landed his dream job with Pfizer pharmaceuticals and that he would now be able to keep his home and stay in the town that he loved. Relief was written all over his face. To be sure, our economy still faces many threats—trade wars, bad mone-tary policy, runaway Federal spend-ing—but, clearly, the tax reform is working. From what people are telling me, if it isn’t yet morning again in America, it is at least a new dawn. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 90 percent of Americans will see an increase in take-home pay because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Under this new law, a typical middle- income family of four will see an aver-age tax cut of over $2,000. Those cuts will vary from State to State. In Cali-fornia, a family of four will see a cut of $2,840, and in New York, $3,129. Individuals and families will take this money and put it toward their re-tirements, mortgage payments, or col-lege savings. There are over 400 Chipotle locations in California. In fact, California has the most Chipotle restaurants in the country. Since the Tax Cuts and Job Act passed, Chipotle is providing hour-ly and salaried workers with bonuses up to $1,000 or a stock grant. The com-pany is also improving employee bene-fits and has announced plans to provide additional paid parental leave. These bonuses and increased benefits make a big difference in people’s lives. Chipotle also plans to spend $50 mil-lion to renovate its stores. This means opportunities for construction compa-nies and numerous small subcontrac-tors, which will invigorate local econo-mies, including my home of Orange County. Tax reform is spurring the free mar-ket economy to provide opportunity and an increased standard of living for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, according to a recent survey, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has significantly improved the economic outlook for small businesses. The sur-vey recorded historic highs in the small business confidence index, show-ing that support for tax reform is grow-ing within the small business commu-nity. In fact, small businesses have rallied around the new tax policy, with over half of the country’s small-business owners viewing the law as having a positive effect on their business. Near-ly half of small businesses expect to see immediate tax benefits this year. Small businesses are the leading job creators in our country and are the en-gines of economic growth. Mr. Speaker, McDonald’s is one of the largest employers in California, with over 1,000 locations. Following the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, McDonald’s announced plans to contribute $150 million to cover tuition costs, expanding its current Archways to Opportunity education program. Nearly 400,000 employees are eligible for benefits that can be used toward college or trade school. McDonald’s now offers $2,500 per year in tuition benefits for crew members, and $3,000 per year in tuition benefits for store managers. Thousands of McDonald’s employees will benefit from this enhanced pro-gram, and it is thanks to tax reform that companies like McDonald’s are able to do more to empower their em-ployees. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
A RAID ON CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, a very tragic thing occurred for those of us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.051 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3090 April 10, 2018 
who care about constitutional rights yesterday. It is a continuation of the travesty that is coming out of the so- called special counsel Robert Mueller. I am not aware of anybody else in the House or Senate who was as absolutely concerned and livid as I was when I heard about the appointment of Robert Mueller as a special counsel because, from my questioning of the man and from my research from questioning the man during judiciary hearings, I be-lieve he has done more damage to the FBI than all of the FBI Directors put together since J. Edgar Hoover. b2015 He ran off thousands and thousands of years of experience from the FBI in his goofy 5-year up-or-out policy. It works in some areas, but not in law en-forcement. That is the one area where law enforcement needs time to build credibility with local law enforcement. But anyway, these guys were—most of them that he ran off with thousands and thousands of years of experience during his first 10 years, which is the requisite term set up for an FBI Direc-tor—those guys were trained to recog-nize radical Islamist characteristics as to what they were studying, what they believed, things they did, and that was a very helpful thing for the FBI to know. They began, I guess really got on track after the attempted—well, actu-ally, the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993. It was incredible, the amount of information the FBI had dis-cerned about radical Islam during the prosecution of The Blind Sheikh, led by Andrew McCarthy, a brilliant lawyer. He was a fantastic prosecutor. I believe Mr. McCarthy said yesterday, in an interview, that he had three prosecu-tors helping him with what, at that time, was the most important and high-level prosecution of radical Islamist terrorism in our country. Since then, back in 2008, there was prosecution and conviction of prin-ciples involved in the Holy Land Foun-dation who were convicted for sup-porting terrorism. The FBI gathered that evidence as well. Yet, under Robert Mueller, who came in immediately before 9/11—you would have thought that this man would have enough wisdom after seeing the trag-edy befall thousands of Americans— what does he do? He crawls in bed with CAIR, one of the named coconspirators in the Holy Land Foundation trial, along with others, and wants to placate them at all costs. They wanted his training materials that helped FBI agents understand what to look for in trying to find rad-ical Islamist terrorists. They wanted those materials purged, cleaned out of anything that might help educate our FBI agents as to what to look for in radical Islamists, and FBI Director Robert Mueller obliged. And there was nothing that, I think, draws the distinction about how wrongheaded he was as FBI Director than his responses when I was asking him about the heads-up that they had gotten over the Tsarnaev older brother who was the main Boston bomber, killed and maimed so many people, to-tally preventable if Robert Mueller had allowed his agents to know what to look for. But in frustration, I said: You didn’t even go out to the mosque to find out if they had been radicalized. You didn’t go out there to find out about the Tsarnaevs at the mosque where they worshipped. He said they did go out to those mosques in their outreach program. It is where they go play patty-cake, sit around, maybe have a meal together on the floor, something like that. And that is great. That is fine to do. It is a good thing to do. But not when you are ignoring your law enforcement func-tion that will prevent so many people in Boston from having their lives trag-ically ended or tragically altered and a living hell imposed upon them. But that was our Robert Mueller. If you go back to his days as the acting U.S. attorney in Boston when, even after it was clear to most everybody else that the FBI had helped frame Whitey Bulger, the mob boss’ competi-tors, and put four in prison, it was clear to most everybody at that point the FBI framed these guys. They didn’t do it. And yet Mueller was still riding the parole board demanding that they not let them out on parole, which ended up costing the people of Boston and Massachusetts over $100 million for Mueller’s horrible aide. The taxpayers of the United States paid less of a price for the years of har-assment that Robert Mueller, with his sidekick, James Comey, did zeroing in on Dr. Hatfill as the person who was spreading bioterror. I think they only paid about $6 million as a result of Mueller’s intensity on pursuing the wrong guy, against whom there was not one shred of any evidence that could ever be used. The only thing they had to justify the many years of torture that the FBI put Dr. Hatfill through was when two dogs—which were later found to have been totally bogus in spotting any-thing—when they went by Dr. Hatfill, he rubbed their ears, and they seemed to have reacted favorably to having their ears rubbed. That was the only so-called evidence Robert Mueller ever had, and he was relentless. One thing you have got to give Rob-ert Mueller credit for, he is consistent. He has destroyed so many lives. He has cost people their lives, but he never apologizes. He always hides behind the words that he is doing his job when he goes about destroying innocent peo-ple’s lives. Alan Dershowitz, I disagreed with him so many times on policy matters, but he understands the Constitution. So does Jonathan Turley. As Dershowitz said, he didn’t vote for Donald Trump, but he sees what is hap-pening. And he points out in an article published today in The Hill, he says: ‘‘There is much speculation as to the significance of the search of the offices and hotel room of President Trumps lawyer, Michael Cohen. To obtain a search warrant, prosecutors must dem-onstrate to a judge that they have probable cause to believe that the premises to be searched contain evi-dence of crime. They must also specify the area to be searched, the items to be seized and, in searches of computers, the word searches to be used.’’ The problem is there has to be prob-able cause established by sworn evi-dence to justify a warrant. And when anyone gets a warrant to go after a lawyer of someone that law enforce-ment wants to target the way Mueller and Rosenstein want to target Donald Trump, there has got to be probable cause put in the affidavits. These guys have gotten so used to sending out bogus national security letters like subpoenas. We found out that while Mueller was at the FBI, the IG says there may have been thousands of letters sent out with no basis in fact. This was under Mueller’s direction at the FBI. He may not have known individual letters, but he let things get out of control because, in his mind, when he or any of the people working for him are going after people they think are bad guys, it doesn’t matter what they do. They are in the right. And that is exactly how you can lose a constitu-tional republic that we have. Dershowitz says: ‘‘I believe we would have been hearing more from civil lib-ertarians—the American Civil Lib-erties Union, attorney groups and pri-vacy advocates—if the raid had been on Hillary Clinton’s lawyer. Many civil libertarians have remained silent about potential violations of President Trump’s rights because they strongly disapprove of him and his policies. That is a serious mistake, because these violations establish precedents that lie around like loaded guns capa-ble of being aimed at other targets.’’ ‘‘What else does the raid tell us?’’ He says: ‘‘It seems likely that special counsel Robert Mueller is bifurcating the investigation: He will keep control over matters relating to Russia, the campaign and any possible obstruction. But he has handed over to the U.S. at-torney for the Southern District of New York any matters relating to Trump’s personal and business affairs.’’ Well, I would submit to you, having been a prosecutor, defense attorney, felony judge, chief justice, that nor-mally when somebody in law enforce-ment raids a lawyer’s office—and in this case, office, home, and, since they were out of the home while it was being apparently remodeled, they raid-ed the hotel room. When a raid on a lawyer’s office—and especially personal lawyers—occurs, the guys raiding that are lawyers know, if they find some-thing, even if it is a potential defend-ant telling his lawyer, ‘‘I am guilty as sin’’—we know that didn’t happen in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.053 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3091 April 10, 2018 
this case because President Trump knows he is not guilty. But even if the target had said that to his lawyer, judges ultimately—even if it has to go to the Supreme Court, that is not going to be admissible. That is going to be protected by the attorney-client privilege. That is why every defendant who people suspect told his lawyer exactly what he did doesn’t have that lawyer’s office raided because, if this system of justice is going to work, there has to be two adversarial sides that do the very best they can as long as it is eth-ical and it is constitutional, following the law. So the attorney-client relationship means something. It is protected. Courts have made that clear. It doesn’t matter what you have got that went between the attorney and client. Now, there were those who say: Well, but, you know, the law, if they are both en-gaged in fraud, then together—well, you still have got an attorney-client problem with admissibility. And that is why, normally, when someone in law enforcement raids a lawyer’s office trying to target their client, they are looking for something that they can use against that lawyer, hopefully, maybe a bunch of violations, no matter what it is, they can use against that lawyer that doesn’t have an arguably protected status of attor-ney-client, just something to do with the lawyer, so that they can tell that lawyer: Here is what we have got now. We had what we believe was a lawful search, and while we were searching, we found all of this stuff that shows you have committed other crimes. So you are looking at going for life or 1,000 years, whatever it is they happen to use in that particular case. However, if you will simply testify that your cli-ent violated the law, you don’t go to prison at all. You stay rich. Everything looks good for you. It is only your cli-ent who suffers. Well, in this case, it would be a con-stitutional republic going down the toi-let. Mueller doesn’t care. He has shown that over and over. He let Eric Holder get away with all kinds of things— some would say even murder in the Fast and Furious operation where one of our own agents died and potentially hundreds of others across the border died as a result of Eric Holder’s Depart-ment’s actions. But they covered up. b2030 But they covered up. They obfuscated how they had violated the law that re-sulted in death. Eric Holder said recently in the press about how he knows Mueller and that Mueller is going to get Trump on some-thing. There is a reason President Obama extended the horrendous 10 years that Mueller was FBI Director for 2 extra years. Any of my colleagues who really want to go back and see who Mueller is and what he did, I can show you. There is plenty to show the damage that this man has done to our country. He served valiantly in Vietnam. Great. Congratulations. He deserves awards. But that doesn’t give him the right to ruin my country after he gets back, and that is what he has been doing. He is bringing us to the brink of a terrible constitutional crisis. I think he is also trying to provoke the President to firing Mueller because Mueller knows he doesn’t have any-thing right now. This is a last-ditch ef-fort to try to find something, try to get something, get somebody to testify against the President, even if it is a lie just as it was that put Sergeant Der-rick Miller in prison for life whose pa-role hearing I came back and testified before last week. It is not that hard to get people to testify to a lie against somebody else when you are threat-ening to take everything they care about away. Rosenstein needs to be stopped. He was involved in the original Russia uranium investigation as a U.S. attor-ney. He should never have been allowed to appoint a special counsel. If Rosen-stein had any decency and ethics about himself, he should have told Jeff Ses-sions: I am not the guy who can do this because I was involved in that Russia uranium investigation that enriched Hillary Clinton’s foundation $145 mil-lion; I can’t do this. But since he is not ethical, he is not moral, and he doesn’t mind keeping the limitations running while they are looking elsewhere rather than at him and Mueller who is also the FBI Direc-tor involved in that Russia investiga-tion where Russia was trying to get our uranium, neither one of them should have been able to accept. Rosenstein has got to go, and his as-sistant who so often keeps the good people who supported President Trump in the dark, Tash Gauhar, she needs to go. She needs to go, and Rosenstein should follow right out the door. Those people are doing more damage over there. They have got to go, and then we can try to salvage this country and our constitutional Republic. By the way, tomorrow we are voting on a balanced budget amendment. I came up here wanting a balanced budg-et amendment, and Congress wanted it passed here, in the Senate, and across the Nation, but I saw very quickly how easy it was to raise revenue—taxes, fees, whatever you want to call it—and if we don’t have a spending cap on a balanced budget amendment, it is a prescription for ratcheting up the level of spending taxing, spending taxing, be-cause we just can’t get people to vote for real cuts. We vote to slow the rate of spending sometimes, but real cuts, we couldn’t even vote to do that. We had the hor-rendous thing called the sequestration that gutted our military which we have been trying to make up for. But every time, we add hundreds of billions of dollars just to do what is right by the military. Now, to cover for the horrendous om-nibus that gave C
HUCK SCHUMER and NANCY PELOSI big smiles because of all that they were awarded during that horrendous vote is a huge mistake. I guess it is a cover-our-rear type of ac-tion, but it doesn’t cover anything. It is like a hospital gown. You only think you are covered. This doesn’t cover anything. B
OBGOODLATTE has a good balanced budget amendment that includes a spending cap, but that is not the one we are going to be allowed to vote on. We are not going to be allowed to bring an amendment to put a spending cap on this bill. That is why I voted against it last time. People say: Oh, but you don’t have to worry. There is protection in this against things like that terrible omni-bus. Oh? What is the protection? Oh, if you look—and I did—it says that it will require three-fifths of a vote from the House and Senate to set aside the requirements of the balanced budget amendment and to raise rev-enue. So to raise revenue, we have got to have a 60 percent vote; and in that horrendous omnibus, it passed with 60.5 percent of the vote. This terrible balanced budget amend-ment we are voting on is such a farce. It would not have even stopped us from hurting future generations in this last omnibus bill. It still would have passed even if the balanced budget amend-ment we are voting on tomorrow were a part of the Constitution already. Then you say it won’t take effect for 5 years. Please. The Senate is not going to take it up. This is to try to make us look conservative after the omnibus bill. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, I want a balanced budget amendment that means something, not a hospital gown bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
January 22, 2018: H.R. 195. An Act making further con-tinuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3759. An Act to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. January 29, 2018: H.R. 984. An Act to extend Federal recogni-tion to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. H.R. 4641. An Act to authorize the Presi-dent to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. February 9, 2018: H.R. 1301. An Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP7.055 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3092 April 10, 2018 
H.R. 1892. An Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. February 14, 2018: H.R. 4708. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and de-velop training programs as part of the De-partment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes. February 16, 2018: H.R. 582. An Act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. March 9, 2018: H.R. 1725. An Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. H.R. 3122. An Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the Internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4533. An Act to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lex-ington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. March 16, 2018: H.R. 294. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 535. An Act to encourage visits be-tween the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. H.R. 3656. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligi-bility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are un-available. March 20, 2018: H.R. 1208. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 1858. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. March 23, 2018: H.R. 1625. An Act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes. H.R. 2254. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3369. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3655. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4285. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. March 26, 2018: H.R. 1177. An Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes. March 27, 2018: H.R. 2154. An Act to rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center. April 3, 2018: H.R. 3731. An Act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. April 4, 2018: H.R. 4851. An Act to establish the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
January 19, 2018: S. 139. An Act to amend the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to improve foreign intelligence collection and the safe-guards, accountability, and oversight of ac-quisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, and for other purposes. January 31, 2018: S. 117. An Act to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. February 14, 2018: S. 534. An Act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other pur-poses. February 22, 2018: S. 1438. An Act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. February 26, 2018: S. 96. An Act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. March 16, 2018: S. 831. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Penn-sylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashmum Post Office Building’’. March 27, 2018: S. 188. An Act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes. S. 324. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. April 3, 2018: S. 2030. An Act to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation stand-ards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes. S. 2040. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.020 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3093 April 10, 2018 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. John Katko ....................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Hon. Bonnie Watson Coleman ................................. 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands .......................................... . ................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Hon. Filemon Vela ................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands .................................. ........ .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Hon. Ron Estes ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Hon. Gus Bilirakis ................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................. ......... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Krista Harvey ........................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands .............................. ............ .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Rosaline Cohen ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Kyle Klein ................................................................. 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ........................... ............... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Tessica Glancey ....................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1060.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 1060.00 Hon. John Katko ....................................................... 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Hon. Bonnie Watson Coleman ................................. 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ................................................ ... .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Hon. Filemon Vela ................................................... 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Hon. Ron Estes ........................................................ 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Hon. Gus Bilirakis ................................................... 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Krista Harvey ........................................................... 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ................................... ................ .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Rosaline Cohen ........................................................ 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Kyle Klein ................................................................. 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ................................ ................... .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Tessica Glancey ....................................................... 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 781.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 781.00 Hon. John Katko ....................................................... 10 /20 10 /22 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Hon. Bonnie Watson Coleman ................................. 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ............................................... . .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Hon. Filemon Vela ................................................... 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Hon. Ron Estes ........................................................ 10 /20 10 /22 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Hon. Gus Bilirakis ................................................... 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Krista Harvey ........................................................... 10 /20 10 /22 Germany .................................. .............. .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Rosaline Cohen ........................................................ 10 /20 10 /22 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Kyle Klein ................................................................. 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ............................... ................. .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Tessica Glancey ....................................................... 10 /20 10 /22 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 645.00 ....................3 .................... .................... .................... 645.00 Hon. Nanette Barraga´n ........................................... 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ................................................... ............ ........ 763.17 .................... **3841.91 .................... .................... .................... **4605.08 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 280.19 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 280.19 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 131.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 131.00 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 226.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 226.65 M. Bowers ................................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad and Tobago ..................... ....... .................... 446.20 .................... **2108.83 .................... .................... .................... **2 555.03 10 /18 10 /19 Panama ................................................ .................... 187.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 187.00 10 /19 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 207.45 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 207.45 S. Brahimi ............................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad and Tobago ..................... ....... .................... 446.20 .................... **2014.63 .................... .................... .................... **2 460.83 10 /18 10 /19 Panama ................................................ .................... 187.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 187.00 10 /19 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 207.45 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 207.45 A. Schroeder ............................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad and Tobago ...................... ...... .................... 446.20 .................... **2103.33 .................... .................... .................... **25 49.53 10 /18 10 /19 Panama ................................................ .................... 187.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 187.00 10 /19 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 207.45 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 207.45 M. Tisdale ................................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad and Tobago .................... ........ .................... 446.20 .................... **2128.83 .................... .................... .................... ** 2575.03 10 /18 10 /19 Panama ................................................ .................... 187.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 187.00 10 /19 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 207.45 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 207.45 A. Smith ................................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad and Tobago ................... ......... .................... 446.20 .................... **2148.41 .................... .................... .................... * *2594.61 10 /18 10 /19 Panama ................................................ .................... 187.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 187.00 10 /19 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 207.45 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 207.45 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 28,366.91 .................... 14,345.94 .................... .................... ..... ............... 42,712.85 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. ** Airfare inclusive of multiple legs of the trip. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Mar. 20, 2018. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4419. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Bradley A. Heithold, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4420. A letter from the Secretaries, Depart-ment of Defense and Department of Energy, transmitting the FY 2018 report on Nuclear Weapons Stockpile, Nuclear Weapons Com-plex, Nuclear Weapons Delivery Systems, and Nuclear Weapons Command and Control System; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4421. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Office of Minority and Women Inclusion Annual Report to Con-gress, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5452(e); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 342(e); (124 Stat. 1543); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4422. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Consumer Re-sponse Annual Report for CY 2017, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5493(b)(3)(C); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1013(b)(3)(C); (124 Stat. 1969); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 4423. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Council’s 2017 Annual Re-port to Congress, pursuant to Sec. 1006(f) of the Financial Regulatory and Interest Rate Control Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3305); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4424. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — S-Metolachlor; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0211; FRL- 9973-11] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4425. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Flutianil; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0817; FRL-9974-32] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4426. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Implementa-tion Plans; State of Missouri; Elements of the Infrastructure State Implementation Plan Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA- R07-OAR-2015-0356; EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0268; EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0515; EPA-R07-OAR-2017- 0513; FRL-9975-71-Region 7] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4427. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Implementa-tion Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0267; FRL-9975-78-Region 7] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4428. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aluminum tris (O- ethylphosphonate); Pesticide Tolerances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.002 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3094 April 10, 2018 
[EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0639; FRL-9974-63] re-ceived March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4429. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on the programs or projects of the International Atomic Energy Agency for 2017; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4430. A letter from the Director, Office of Diversity and Inclusion, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4431. A letter from the General Counsel, Government Accountability Office, trans-mitting the Office’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4432. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel (GLER), Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4433. A letter from the OEEO Director (Acting), Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4434. A letter from the Director, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the 2017 Report to Congress on the Dis-closure of Financial Interest and Recusal Re-quirements for Regional Fishery Manage-ment Councils and Scientific and Statistical Committees and on Apportionment of Mem-bership on the Regional Fishery Manage-ment Councils, pursuant to the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act, Secs. 302(b)(2)(B) and 302(j)(9); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4435. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: St. Francis Yacht Club Fireworks, San Fran-cisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0119] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4436. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Wando Terminal Crane Movement; Charleston, SC (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4437. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pilatus Aircraft Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1079; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-039-AD; Amendment 39-19206; AD 2018-04-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4438. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Moundsville, WV [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0878; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AEA- 14] received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4439. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Modifications to Rev. Proc. 2015-36 and Rev. Proc. 2017-41 (Revenue Procedure 2018-21) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 35. An act to transfer ad-ministrative jurisdiction over certain Bu-reau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–626 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 4203. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking; with an amendment (Rept. 115–627). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 5178. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for small business concerns located in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–628). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committe on Rules. House Res-olution 811. Resolution providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rule-making authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–629). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. S. 35 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 5443. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt organiza-tions and provide for making such returns available for public inspection; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 5444. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 5445. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and mod-ernize the information technology of the In-ternal Revenue Service, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 5446. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. B
IGGS): H.R. 5447. A bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5448. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide eligibility under the assistive technology program for farmers with disabil-ities to veterans with disabilities and their families; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5449. A bill to amend the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to sup-port a smart agriculture industry technology roadmap, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5450. A bill to increase the access of small farmers in Puerto Rico to Federal ag-riculture programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
CHENRY , and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 5451. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10926 Quality Drive in Charlotte, North Caro-lina, as the ‘‘Julius L. Chambers Civil Rights Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5452. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the period of eligi-bility for the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10AP7.000 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3095 April 10, 2018 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 5453. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, in relation to requiring adrenoleukodystrophy screening of newborns; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 5454. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to provide that individuals in prison shall, for the purposes of a decennial census, be attributed to the last place of res-idence before incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5455. A bill to prioritize funding for the National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to re-store the purchasing power which the Na-tional Institutes of Health had after the his-toric doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5456. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to health centers to expand access to evidence- based substance abuse treatment services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ): H.R. 5457. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality meas-ures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5458. A bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to require Members of Congress to file the reports on trans-actions in stocks, bonds, commodities fu-tures, and other forms of securities which are required under such Act not later than 7 days after the transactions are completed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5459. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Sub-stances Import and Export Act to modify the offenses relating to fentanyl, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. G
RANGER , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 5460. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to eligible enti-ties to carry out educational programs about the Holocaust, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. MENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 5461. A bill to require records of the national instant criminal background check system to be retained for at least 90 days; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5462. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide support for dairy pro-ducers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5463. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for equity investments in re-search intensive small business concerns, to provide for the proper tax treatment of per-sonal service income earned in pass-thru en-tities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5464. A bill to prohibit the pricing of consumer products and services that are sub-stantially similar if such products or serv-ices are priced differently based on the gen-der of the individuals for whose use the prod-ucts are intended or marketed or for whom the services are performed or offered; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5465. A bill to provide that the sala-ries of Members of a House of Congress will be held in escrow if that House has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 by April 15, 2018; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 132. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. B EYER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. L
EE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H. Con. Res. 117. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the significance of Equal Pay Day to illustrate the disparity between wages paid to men and women; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. P
AYNE ): H. Res. 812. A resolution supporting quality of life for prostate cancer patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. C
OFF-
MAN, Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi): H. Res. 813. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that defense appropriations bills should be consid-ered only as stand-alone measures; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 stating ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 stating ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect Taxes’’ and Clause 18 stating that it has the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excuses shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5447. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10AP7.100 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3096 April 10, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 5454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I—Section II, Section XIII By Ms. D
ELAURO : H.R. 5455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Con-stitution By Ms. D
ELAURO : H.R. 5456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 2 and 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 5464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 6 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 34: Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 66: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 127: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 149: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 154: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 159: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 173: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 252: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 303: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 365: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 392: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 427: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 445: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 485: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 508: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 559: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 671: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 809: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 810: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 812: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 846: Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 850: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 858: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 881: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 911: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 936: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 976: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 1057: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 1136: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1143: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 1187: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C ARSON of In- diana. H.R. 1223: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1225: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1241: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1253: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1270: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 1276: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 1363: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1377: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 1406: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1421: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1474: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1475: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1542: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1562: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1566: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1772: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1774: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1802: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 1832: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1876: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 1881: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 1905: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 1928: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1954: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2016: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 2038: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2055: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2095: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K IHUEN , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2101: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 2135: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2147: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2150: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2242: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2317: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. J ONES , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 2319: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2322: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 2418: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 2491: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2501: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2599: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2701: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2851: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2862: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 2913: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2976: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 3011: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 3032: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3111: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 3144: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3174: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3207: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. L
YNCH , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3255: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3368: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3378: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3444: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3495: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3525: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3566: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3605: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. T
IPTON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3654: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 3666: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3670: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3671: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3692: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3738: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3780: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3798: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3832: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 3842: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3923: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. D EGETTE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.013 H10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3097 April 10, 2018 
H.R. 4057: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4060: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4073: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4099: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 4101: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 4143: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 4201: Mr. R
YANof Ohio and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4206: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 4215: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4221: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4222: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4240: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4253: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 4260: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4311: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4379: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4410: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4471: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4548: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 4556: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4604: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4631: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 4638: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4744: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4747: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4777: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4893: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4897: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4903: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4912: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 4915: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 4954: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4999: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5009: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5096: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5105: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mrs. B ROOKS  of Indiana. H.R. 5112: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5127: Mr. VELAand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5138: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5141: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. S OTO, Ms. J UDY C
HU of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5150: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5160: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5163: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5171: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 5176: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5191: Mr. P
ETERSON and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 5193: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5197: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5199: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5208: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5258: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 5261: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5270: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5274: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 5282: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 5291: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5292: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5337: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 5359: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5365: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5374: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5383: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R
USH, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5384: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 5385: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 5388: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 5389: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.J. Res. 2: Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana. H.J. Res. 122: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. M
CHENRY . H. Res. 128: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 188: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H. Res. 274: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Res. 401: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 673: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 718: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 749: Mr. H
IMES. H. Res. 750: Mr. L
AHOOD, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. R OHRABACHER , M S. BONAMICI , and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 777: Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 797: Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 806: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. P AL-
LONE . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
95. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Town Council of Highland, IN, relative to Resolution No. 2018-15, communicating the Sense of the Town Council Regarding Com-mon Sense Gun Safety Laws; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP7.023 H10APPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2021 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2018 No. 57 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God and Father of humanity, guide our lawmakers with Your Spirit of truth and love. During days of dif-ficulty, help them to remember that You will never leave or forsake them. Lord, provide them with the wisdom, courage, and patience to do what is best for our Nation and world. Give us all grace to maintain our faith and freedom with righteousness, fostering peace and good will for the glory of Your Name. Hasten, Lord, that perfect day, when pain and death shall cease and Your just rule shall fill the Earth with health, light, and peace. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week, as I stated yesterday, the Senate will focus on personnel business. Six well-qualified nominees are cur-rently before the Senate. They are awaiting the full consideration they clearly deserve. Their nominations have been vetted. Their expertise is well known. Their positions sit empty, waiting to be filled. The American peo-ple are waiting for their President to have his full team and for their Federal Government to be appropriately staffed. If last evening’s vote to advance Claria Horn Boom’s district court nom-ination were any indication, we would be in for a productive week. Ninety-six of our colleagues voted in support—96. With such broad bipartisan support, you might think that filing cloture should not have been necessary in the first place. With nominees as uncontroversial as these, you might think the Senate would roll quickly through them and move on to other business, but unfortu-nately, for more than a year now, our Democratic friends have used the par-tisan playbook to delay and obstruct even the least controversial nominees. So unless we can reach the kind of bi-partisan agreement that was once the norm around here and process non-controversial nominees more promptly, we are left with no choice but to pro-ceed the hard way, and that is just what we have done. Facing historic obstruction, Repub-licans have confirmed ambitious reformists to crucial posts where fresh ideas were long overdue, and we have confirmed top-notch legal minds to the Federal bench, including a record num-ber of circuit court judges for a Presi-dent’s first year and the generational choice of Justice Neil Gorsuch, who was confirmed to the Supreme Court 1 year ago today. I have already stated that the Senate will remain in session as long as it takes to clear this slate of nominees. Following the confirmation of Ms. Boom, we will move to consideration of John Ring to serve on the National Labor Relations Board. After Mr. Ring comes nominees to the Department of Labor, the EPA, and two more nomi-nees to fill district court vacancies—all vetted, all qualified, all sitting right here in the Senate. In at least one case, several of my Democratic friends have already proactively announced support for the nominee. So let’s get back on track together. Let’s consider and con-firm these nominees without delay. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on a further matter, something exciting has started to hap-pen all across our country. In Amer-ica’s small towns and suburbs, Main Street businesses are dusting off ‘‘Help Wanted’’ signs. In our small cities, American manufacturers are expanding facilities and creating new products. In rural America, family farmers are in-vesting in new equipment and looking forward to increased prosperity. For years, all of these parts of our great Nation were more or less forgot-ten. Millions and millions of Ameri-cans were left behind. Whether by acci-dent or by design, the Obama adminis-tration’s economic policies brought some prosperity to America’s biggest and richest urban areas, but our small towns, our suburbs, our smaller cities, and our rural areas and farming com-munities year after year saw next to no progress. This is the disparity that President Trump and this Republican Congress were elected to change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.000 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2022 April 10, 2018 
Our Democratic friends say they are proud of a record in which urban cen-ters like New York and San Francisco thrived, but most other areas slipped behind. I wouldn’t be proud of that record. Republicans wouldn’t settle for that kind of outcome. That is why, as soon as this President and this Con-gress took office, we began imple-menting an inclusive, pro-growth agen-da to reignite prosperity in every cor-ner of our Nation. We cut taxes for middle-class families and small busi-nesses. We repealed one burdensome job-killing regulation after another. We are grabbing every tool we can find to make life easier for middle-class families who were neglected by the pre-vious administration’s policies. One prime example is our colleague Senator S
COTT’s provision in last year’s historic tax reform. His legisla-tion lets economically depressed com-munities across the country be des-ignated as ‘‘opportunity zones,’’ earn-ing special tax treatment to make in-vestment and job creation more attrac-tive. In effect, this piece of tax reform will help struggling American commu-nities set up big neon signs saying ‘‘We are open for business.’’ Just yesterday, in my State of Ken-tucky, Governor Bevin announced the certification of 144 opportunity zones. My friends and colleagues on the State and local level are excited and opti-mistic again. This creative policy, along with the rest of tax reform, has the Kentuckians I serve looking for-ward to a brighter future. More States are following suit. From the West End in Louisville and distressed areas in Eastern Kentucky to Stockton, CA, and everywhere in be-tween, this Congress will have helped deliver new opportunities and new hope to many of the most vulnerable com-munities all across our country. All this progress—all because Republicans overcame lockstep partisan opposition and passed this historic tax reform law. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
REMEMBERING DANIEL AKAKA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Fri-day, America lost a good and gracious person, a statesman, and many of us in the Senate lost a personal friend. Senator Daniel Akaka was as kind and decent a man as you would ever meet in life. For 3
1⁄2decades, Danny Akaka served the people of Hawaii in the U.S. Congress with dignity, humil-ity, and deep caring. The Hawaiian concept of ‘‘aloha’’ isn’t a quality that many think of when they think of politicians. ‘‘Aloha’’ means mutual regard and af-fection. It means extending warmth and caring with no obligation in re-turn, no strings attached. Danny Inouye, that giant of Hawaii and its history, once called Danny Akaka ‘‘a true ambassador of aloha.’’ When Danny Akaka announced in 2011 that he would not run for reelec-tion to the Senate, then-Hawaii Gov-ernor Neil Abercrombie said: The words aloha and Akaka are inter-changeable. Daniel Akaka is Hawaii. 
Now, at age 93, Senator Akaka is gone. I first met him in 1983. I was a newly elected Member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Then we sat together on the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, the two of us next to one another down at the far end of the table. Danny had 6 years’ seniority on me. We served together, worked together, laughed together, traveled together, and came to be friends. Here was a man, a great politician, who didn’t have a personal ego. Poli-tics was always about someone else, about helping other people. In fact, he went out of his way to avoid the spot-light. But don’t think for a minute that he was weak. I have memories seared in my mind—certainly October 11, 2002, when 22 Members of the Demo-cratic caucus in the Senate voted against the resolution authorizing President Bush to invade Iraq—the Iraq war resolution Danny Akaka op-posed. I can recall that it was nearly 1 in the morning when that rollcall ended and he left the floor after that historic vote. Soft-spoken, yes. Capable of making hard, meaningful, coura-geous decisions, certainly. That was a lonely road. I believe history has judged it to be the right vote. Danny Akaka’s vote, like so many, was deeply influenced by his own expe-rience in the U.S. military. At 17 years of age, he witnessed the Japanese at-tack on Pearl Harbor. Two years later, after serving as a welder and diesel me-chanic with the Army Corps of Engi-neers, he entered Active Duty with the Army and served in several areas across the Pacific. After the war, he used his GI benefits to go to college, and only later did he realize he was still carrying a wound from that war—post-traumatic stress disorder. He said that earning a bach-elor’s and master’s degree in education and working as a public school teacher and principal—his first profession— helped him to cope with PTSD. In politics, his second career, he used his influence to help other members of the military, veterans and their fami-lies. In 2008, as chairman of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Senator Danny Akaka cosponsored the post-9/11 GI bill of rights. That new GI bill of rights included a provision that I asked Danny to include to improve care for veterans wounded by another of the often-invisible wounds of war—trau-matic brain injury. Senator Akaka’s leadership helped to pass that impor-tant new law. Two years later, then chairman of the Veterans’ Committee, I appealed to Danny Akaka again for another provi-sion. It was an idea actually authored originally by Senator Hillary Clinton of New York. It was called the Care-givers Program. The idea was to allow family members of disabled veterans to care for them at home, to provide nec-essary medical care and support in a home setting that they all wanted to be in. It was the right thing for our veterans, the right thing for our budg-et, and the right thing for America. Danny Akaka embraced it and became a leader on the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010, providing those family members with training and modest stipends. The stipends amount to only a fraction of what would have been spent on these veterans had they been in a different setting sponsored by the government. Well, Danny Akaka is gone, but his legacy of service lives on in millions of veterans and military families whose lives are better because of his quiet but fierce commitment. In 1996, Senator Akaka spearheaded an effort to require reevaluation of the service records of Asian Americans who had fought in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and the 100th Division during the war. As a result of Danny Akaka’s perse-verance, almost two dozen Medals of Honor were bestowed posthumously on Asian-American veterans, many of them Japanese Americans. The most prominent recipient was his colleague, Senator Danny Inouye, who had lost an arm during World War II fighting for the United States in Italy. It was a long overdue justice for heroes whose courage had been largely ignored for decades because of racism, and Danny Akaka helped to make it happen. In 1993, Danny Akaka helped to bend the arc of the moral universe another time when he and Senator Inouye suc-cessfully pushed through a resolution in which the Federal Government apologized for its role in overthrowing the Hawaiian monarchy a century ear-lier. As a child, Danny Akaka listened to his parents speak their Native Hawai-ian language in whispers. They didn’t want Danny and his seven brothers and sisters to hear them because of the Territorial law allowing children to be punished if they spoke their Native Ha-waiian language in school. That little boy, little Danny Akaka, grew up to be the first Native Hawaiian ever elected to the U.S. Senate. Danny Akaka was a champion of Native Hawaiians and Na-tive Americans, a champion of good government and the men and women who do that work in government. He was a deeply spiritual and reli-gious man, who once considered fol-lowing his brother into the ministry but instead decided to help others in his own way as a teacher and a public servant. His was a life well lived. Last night, I had a telephone con-versation with Danny’s wife, Millie Akaka—what a team, 69 years of mar-riage. They were just a few weeks away from celebrating their 70th anniver-sary. They were inseparable. He was the Senator, but she was the driving force in his public career. She managed every one of his campaigns. She knew everyone in every direction. She never forgot a name, and she was always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.002 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2023 April 10, 2018 
there to finish his sentences. We talked for a long time last night about the times when we were able to get to-gether—my wife Loretta, Millie, and Danny—and the good times we had and the great people we met in the process. I also talked about the time when Danny came before the Senate Demo-cratic caucus luncheon. We used to have a great tradition, where every few weeks Senators would get up and just tell a little bit about their personal lives—things that don’t make the head-lines. I still remember Danny Akaka’s pres-entation. He talked about growing up in a very modest family but having a mother with a very caring heart. His mother just couldn’t stand to see some-one who was struggling to find a home or a meal. She was always inviting someone in. Even though they didn’t have a lot themselves, they were al-ways sharing with people. She would say: Bring them over to dinner, Danny. Let’s meet them. Then, after they met them, they would offer them a room. Danny told a story of people who came and lived in his home with him—perfect strangers who became part of their family and lived with them for months and even years. Some of those people whom they befriended went on to greatness. One was a medical doctor who became fa-mous and never forgot the kindnesses extended by the Akaka family. His mother’s lesson was learned by Danny Akaka. It was shared with us in the Senate. It was an indication of truly a caring heart and a person who was really prepared to serve every day of his life. I join my colleagues in expressing our condolences to Danny’s wife Millie, to their five children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. May your love and memories be a comfort in this time of loss. To my friend, Senator Danny Akaka: Aloha and mahalo. Farewell and thank you. 
DACA  
Mr. President, I have come to this floor over 110 different times to intro-duce to the Senate and to the people who follow our proceedings remarkable people who live in the shadows of America. These are Dreamers—children who were brought to this country by their parents, some at the age of 2 or 3. They were brought into this country perhaps on a visitor’s visa and stayed. They grew up in America. Then, when they were 10 or 12, in some cases, their mother and father sat down and said: We need to tell you the truth about who you are and where you are. These children are undocumented. Their parents didn’t file the necessary legal papers. They live lives without a country. They have grown up here. They always believed they were Ameri-cans. They went to our schools and stood every day in class and pledged al-legiance to that flag. They really be-lieved they were part of America, but legally, no, they were Dreamers. I have tried for 17 years now to pass legislation to give them a chance to earn their way to legal status and citi-zenship. I have had some luck from time to time, but we have never quite been able to find the necessary votes in both the House and the Senate in the same year. A number of years ago, I appealed to my former Senate colleague, Barack Obama, and asked President Obama to do what he could to help these Dream-ers. He created a program called DACA by Executive order. Under DACA, these young people could come forward, sub-mit themselves to a criminal back-ground check, pay a filing fee, and be protected from deportation for 2 years at a time. They had to renew this. So if there was any problem, they could lose their protection. That DACA Pro-gram finally brought 800,000 Ameri-cans—people who live in America—out of the shadows under the protection of DACA. Initially, we thought new President Trump was going to give these young DACA recipients a break. He said a lot of kind things about them, even though his rhetoric about immigration has been very harsh. He said good things about them because he realized, as all of us do, that many of them are vic-tims of unfairness and injustice and they should be given a chance to prove themselves and be part of America’s fu-ture. But then, on September 5 of last year, President Trump reversed him-self. He announced that he was elimi-nating DACA, eliminating the protec-tion these young people have. He chal-lenged Congress and said: Come up with a law that protects DACA and Dreamers. I accepted the challenge and so did LINDSEY GRAHAM , the Repub-lican Senator of South Carolina. We put together a team of six Senators— three Democrats and three Repub-licans—and worked for months to come up with an alternative that would pro-tect the Dreamers, protect those who are under the DACA Program. I think it was a good proposal. I think it was balanced. Parts of it I didn’t like, and parts of it I did. That is the nature of a political compromise. It was bipartisan. We took it to Presi-dent Trump, but he rejected it. He just rejected it. There we were, emptyhanded, coming to the floor of the Senate a few weeks ago for four different votes to try to solve the DACA crisis. None of our pro-posals passed. The one with the most votes was the one Senator G
RAHAM and I worked on and brought to the floor with Senator K
ING and Senator R
OUNDS . It even included the Presi-dent’s wall. Some of us think this is a crazy idea, a waste of taxpayers’ dol-lars, but we were prepared to say to the President: If you would give 1.8 million of these Dreamers a path to citizen-ship, we will at least start building your wall—one that was supposed to be paid for by Mexico. President Trump rejected it. He rejected it. March 5 came and went. The deadline for DACA ended, and protection under DACA started disappearing. There were court suits that were brought. Two Federal courts stepped in and issued injunctions. They said to the President: Stop the threat of depor-tation against these DACA-protected young people. Two of those injunctions now stand, and under those our Federal Government—the Department of Homeland Security—is allowing those who were once protected by DACA to renew their status. Of course, those who were newly eligible—for instance, reaching the age of 15, which is the age of eligibility—can’t sign up. But if you were in the 800,000 protected, you can renew your DACA protection by these court orders. So how long are these young people going to be protected? We don’t know. That court protection could end next week, next month, or 6 months from now. We just don’t know. So they live in absolute uncertainty with the dan-ger that at any minute DACA protec-tion ends and they can be deported. When I have come to the floor to tell their stories, people understand that these young people are extraordinary. Think about growing up as a teenager and all the uncertainty and challenges and things that come to your life. Imagine doing that with the knowledge that at any minute you could be de-ported or some misstep by you might deport your entire family. That is what these young people have grown up with. Yet they are determined. They are resilient. Some of them are nothing short of amazing on what they have done with their lives. I have come to the floor to tell their stories so you could attach a face to them, to the issue. DACA isn’t just an-other government program. It turns out to be something that is significant in their lives. Today I wish to tell another one of those stories about another one of these Dreamers. This lovely young lady here is Gloria Rinconi. Gloria Rinconi is the 113th Dreamer whom I have had the honor to introduce to the Senate and to those who follow our pro-ceedings. Gloria was brought to the United States at the age of 1 from Mexico. She grew up in North Carolina and in Texas. Her family had so little money that at one point her parents slept on the floor of a trailer. Gloria slept on a makeshift bed made out of a piece of cardboard and a blanket. Gloria’s parents told her she was un-documented, but ‘‘you are loved by many regardless of what you might hear on TV.’’ Her family was poor, but Gloria was a hard worker and an extraordinarily good student. In high school, she took advanced placement courses and was a member of the National Technical Honor Society. She received the Tyler Independent School District Student Award. She was active in extra-curricular activities, worked on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.004 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2024 April 10, 2018 
school yearbook, was a member of the French club, pom squad, and drill prep. She competed in pageants, winning the National American Miss State Pageant and the National American Miss Na-tional Pageant. Gloria graduated from high school with a medical assistant program cer-tification. She is attending Richland College and majoring in psychology. She also works as a medical assistant for a surgeon. Her dream is to become a clinical psychologist and work with low-income families facing mental health issues. This lovely and amazing young lady sent me a letter. Here is what she said: 
DACA is my entire life. It’s the only thing I have that allows me to work, give back to my community and continue with my future plans. Without it, my life as I know it will be gone. 
This is what the DACA debate and the Dream Act debate is all about. It is all about the aspirations and hopes of amazing, talented, and dedicated young people who just want to be part of America’s future. Would we be better if we ended up de-porting this young lady, sending her back to Mexico—a place she has prob-ably never even visited in her entire life since she came here at the age of 1? I don’t think so. I think everyone un-derstands that a young person like this deserves a chance. We now face the possibility that DACA protection through court order may protect those who are already pro-tected under DACA from deportation but may not protect them for some pe-riod of time and allow them to work. That is the second part of DACA—that you can legally work in the United States. A lot of them have graduated from college and do work today. I have met doctors, lawyers, engineers, and teach-ers. There are some 20,000 teachers across America who are protected by DACA and allowed to work, but Presi-dent Trump has said recently that it is over and, as far as he is concerned, they should be deported. I hope his po-sition does not prevail. I hope, for Glo-ria’s sake and for the thousands just like her, that we will do the right thing, the just and fair thing, and that we will do something immediately to provide DACA protection, protection for Dreamers, and a path for citizen-ship. How did we get into this crisis? President Trump’s decision on Sep-tember 5, 2017, to end DACA created the crisis we face. We need to work to-ward a solution. The President has rejected six bipar-tisan proposals. I don’t know what it will take to bring him around. I am skeptical now of any statement that he makes publicly that he wants to solve this problem. I also know that we face, as Gloria faces every day, the uncer-tainty for these young people. I urge my colleagues on both sides, don’t quit on this issue; don’t quit on these young people. Every time I go home—every time I go home and meet with these Dreamers—it is an emo-tional meeting. Few of them can tell me their life stories without breaking down in tears. Then, when they men-tion their parents—who have been vilified by some—these young DACA recipients break down in tears again. They say: Senator, wouldn’t you have done everything in your power to help your children, even if it meant break-ing a law? Yes, I am sure I would have. Should the parents pay a price? Well, under comprehensive immigration re-form, we had a fine they had to pay, and we delayed any eligibility they had to become citizens, but we didn’t de-port them and break up their families. If they had no criminal record and no difficulties or problems, we gave them a chance—not amnesty, a price had to be paid but a chance to become part of the future of America as well. This issue is not over because we have failed in the Senate. The issue is still there. The question is whether Senators from both political parties can summon the courage to solve this problem. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
SEIZURE OF INFORMATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday FBI agents, at the direction of the U.S. attorney for the Southern Dis-trict of New York, seized information from President Trump’s personal attor-ney, Michael Cohen. It was reported that the referral to the U.S. attorney’s office originated with Special Counsel Mueller, but the raid itself was under the direction of the U.S. attorney’s of-fice and New York FBI agents. We don’t know the reason for Special Counsel Mueller’s referral. We do know that any referral must have been signed off by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Furthermore, the U.S. attorney’s office in New York would have to be convinced that whatever in-formation Mr. Mueller passed along was worth pursuing, and the U.S. attor-ney would have to convince an inde-pendent magistrate or judge—non-partisan—that there was probable cause to believe that seizing informa-tion from Mr. Cohen would yield evi-dence of a crime. That is a serious and high standard that had to be met. I go through these details because it is important to understand that yester-day’s events could only have been the result of a rigorous legal process, with checks every step of the way and with a very high burden of proof. Yet, last night, President Trump said the FBI raid was a ‘‘disgrace,’’ part of a ‘‘witch hunt,’’ an ‘‘attack on our country,’’ and mentioned that many people have encouraged him to fire Mr. Mueller. ‘‘We’ll see what happens,’’ he con-cluded. Let’s break this down. The President suggests that the latest events are part of the partisan conspiracy against him. I remind the President that the source of the referral, Special Counsel Mueller, is a lifelong Republican. The Deputy Attorney General who signed off on the referral, Rod Rosenstein, is a Republican, appointed by President Trump. The Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, is a Republican, appointed by President Trump. The U.S. attorney for the Southern District in New York, who sought a search warrant based on that information, is a Republican, ap-pointed by President Trump. The agents in New York who carried out the seizure are under the direction of Christopher Wray, a Republican, ap-pointed by President Trump. If President Trump believes this to be a partisan conspiracy, he once again ignores the fact that every major play-er is a Republican, and all but the judges are appointed by President Trump himself. The partisan affiliation of those involved really doesn’t matter. These are all law enforcement officers simply doing their job—a job enshrined by the Constitution of the United States. The President also tweeted this morning that ‘‘attorney-client privi-lege is dead.’’ Mr. President, attorney-client privi-lege is alive and well, but there is an exception when the attorney might be involved in a crime or fraud. It is well known as the crime-fraud exception. That exception is obviously in play today. Law enforcement officers be-lieve there is a good chance that the attorney for the President committed a crime or was involved in fraud or they couldn’t have gotten the OK from the magistrate to make these seizures. President Trump also said, the impli-cation of his personal attorney for po-tentially serious Federal crimes con-stitutes an ‘‘attack on our country.’’ That is what he said, an ‘‘attack on our country.’’ With due respect, President Trump, America has been around for over two and a half centuries. An investigation of your personal attorney is not an at-tack on our country. The Japanese bombing Pearl Harbor was an attack on our country; 9/11 was an attack on our country. When Russia interfered with our elections, that was an attack on our country. Investigating your per-sonal lawyer, with a high standard to be met, is certainly not an attack on our country. It is what America has al-ways been about and still is—the rule of law. President Trump said the raid was a ‘‘disgrace.’’ I say to the President: Mr. President, you have it wrong. Inter-fering with the investigation would be a disgrace. Calling it an attack on our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.005 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2025 April 10, 2018 
country is a disgrace. What matters is the rule of law. In this country, no man is above the law, not even the Presi-dent. Mr. President, your comments were the disgrace. If the President is thinking of using this raid to fire Special Counsel Mueller or otherwise interfere with the chain of command in the Russia probe, we have one simple message for him: Don’t even think about it. Special Counsel Mueller has uncov-ered a deep and detailed pattern of Russian interference in our elections. It has led to several indictments and guilty pleas. It has also led the Trump administration itself to level sanctions against Russian individuals for med-dling in our elections. That is proof positive that Mueller’s investigation is not a so-called witch hunt. If the President’s own administration has leveled sanctions against Russian individuals for meddling in our elec-tions, how can the President say it is a witch hunt? It is being pursued by his own administration, independent of the Mueller investigation. The investiga-tion by Special Counsel Mueller is crit-ical to the health of our democracy and the security of future elections. It must—it must—be allowed to continue. The President seems to have a view that the Department of Justice’s sole purpose is to protect the President and go after his enemies. I emphatically state to the President, that is not the role of the Department of Justice. Their role is to enforce the law and go after anyone who breaks it. That is their role, and it is not subject to the President’s political interests in any way. President Trump should not have any contact—any contact—with the new U.S. attorney in the Southern District, with his office, or the Department of Justice officials overseeing an inves-tigation of Mr. Cohen. Any attempted contact by the President or the White House should be reported to the De-partment of Justice immediately. One final point. When President Trump implies that the Mueller inves-tigation is an assault on our country and our values, he is not only dead wrong, he is wrong in a very dangerous way. Special Counsel Mueller, the FBI, Federal prosecutors, and U.S. attor-neys are following the due process of our legal system. Calling that an at-tack on our country undermines the rule of law—a bedrock principle of this great Nation for centuries, the reason, above all, the rest of the world looks up to these great United States of America. The only person engaging in an at-tack on American values, what we all stand for—the rule of law—is, unfortu-nately, President Trump. It needs to stop. It is gnawing at the core of Amer-ica. It is difficult to know when you are living through a historic time in this country. Our Nation has prevailed through many dark times. We all hope that, in the sweep of history, our cur-rent moment is not one of peril, but we have witnessed a sustained attack by the President of the United States on the rule of law in this country, and we may be getting to that point. We have seen that any institution with the power to check the Presi-dent’s power—the Federal Judiciary, the Department of Justice, the FBI, the Congress, the press—suffers his dis-dain and derision. If we fail to defend these institutions, which represent the rule of law, the Constitution, and the balance of power in our country the Founding Fathers so brilliantly en-shrined, then we are letting our grand democracy diminish. I beseech my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up and say what the President is doing is wrong. Make it clear that firing Mueller or inter-fering in his investigation crosses a redline and is a threat to our constitu-tional order. Let us also be clear that the President does not have the au-thority to order the special counsel’s firing without cause. Finally, let us take steps to protect the special counsel from political in-terference. We have several bipartisan bills designed to do just that. Majority Leader M
CCONNELL should bring them to the floor and let us debate them very soon. For months, Republicans have said that legislation to protect the special counsel is not needed because they have been assured by nameless people that the President will not fire the spe-cial counsel. That assurance has been shaken by the President’s comments last night. By his own words, it is clear the President may—may—be consid-ering firing the special counsel. This Congress must respond forcefully, and on a bipartisan basis, by reaffirming our belief that the President cannot fire the special counsel without cause and by passing legislation to ensure that any attempts to remove Robert Mueller will be unsuccessful. We should not abide the President’s attempted assault on the rule of law in America. The eyes of history are upon us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
ONLINE PRIVACY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today we have a joint Commerce and Judici-ary Committee hearing on online pri-vacy and the abuse of data obtained by social media platforms. Ordinarily, I wouldn’t come to the Senate floor to talk about an individual legislative hearing, but this is no run-of-the-mill event. The CEO of Facebook will be testifying, and I believe his company and other parties have some important explaining to do. One question is what Facebook’s pri-orities are and whether they are what they should be. Facebook, of course, is a publicly traded company, and it has a fiduciary duty to its shareholders that it shares in common with every other shareholder-owned enterprise. Its busi-ness model is unique. It collects infor-mation on billions of people and uses that data to help drive its profits. One wonders whether, and at what point, that profit motive has come to be at odds with protecting the privacy of in-dividual users. To me, that is one of the fundamental questions Mr. Zuckerberg is going to have to answer today. From testimony released yesterday, we know Facebook will admit it made mistakes; that it didn’t take a broad enough view of its responsibility and prevent its tools from being used in ways that it says it did not intend. That act of contrition is one we all welcome, of course, but it will not mat-ter much without additional action, some of which might be even foundational to Facebook’s entire busi-ness model. Those changes, we are told, can take some time. Meanwhile, Americans will continue to wonder about their pri-vacy, about who is acquiring data about their political opinions, their personal taste, and their preferences without their informed consent. How much have any of us read of the terms of service for the social media platforms that we use? They are writ-ten by lawyers for legal purposes, which is basically to prevent any law-suits from being successfully filed against the company. Yet, in terms of informed consent, which is what we ought to be focused on here, how much do consumers really understand about how the data is used that they turn over to these social media platforms? Mr. Zuckerberg has an opportunity today to explain whether consumers are really being protected in any mean-ingful way. It is good that Facebook has, in recent months, shut down ac-counts that have had links to the Rus-sian Government—accounts that were used to meddle in our last election. That is surely one actor we know who has used Facebook in improper ways, but it never should have reached that point. The company should have spot-ted this attempt of foreign influence much earlier and contained its spread. In our moving forward, now is the time to demand a comprehensive ac-counting of internal monitoring efforts as well as the full extent of the infil-tration and manipulation of that and other social media platforms in the past, not just by Russia but by other foreign actors, including rogue actors. In addition to its response to the Russia allegations, Facebook, we have been told, has limited which online apps can literally vacuum up informa-tion from users’ profiles. Once again, this announcement only tells us so much. We need to understand which apps are still being allowed to mine that data and under what conditions. We have all heard about one egre-gious case of this happening—a polit-ical consulting firm, using Facebook, that improperly accessed the private data of some 87 million users. This data was used to assemble a psychological 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.007 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2026 April 10, 2018 
profile to assess how people might re-spond to political advertising and how they might vote in an election. When people access Facebook to trade pic-tures with families and friends or to communicate with family and talk about their most recent vacations, I doubt they realize that data could be acquired by a third party, like Cam-bridge Analytica, and that it can not only literally use that information but all of the personal data of their friends and relatives in order to target polit-ical messaging for its use in an elec-tion. Facebook has historically been a platform for all ideas, as they say, but now the company realizes that because of its business model, it has more re-sponsibilities. It is not just a neutral platform. It must defend against false information, foreign government sub-terfuge, and other destructive conduct, such as child pornography and human trafficking. We know, as a result of the most recent legislation we passed rel-ative to human trafficking, that we have actually expanded the responsibil-ities of social media platforms in the human trafficking arena because of the threat it poses to so many innocent people. The basic questions are whether Facebook is responsible for misin-formation in its use of its platform, for outright falsehoods, or attempts by foreign governments to meddle in our elections by sowing discord and disinformation. There are also some important questions about whether Facebook is inconsistently using the data that it collects in a way that obvi-ously benefits itself financially but is not sharing it on an equal basis with law enforcement or intelligence when the intelligence community needs that information to solve crimes or to keep the country safe. A lot of ideas have been tossed around about how to respond to these difficult questions. Perhaps we should treat social media platforms as infor-mation fiduciaries and impose legal ob-ligations on them, as we do with law-yers and doctors, who are privy to some of our most personal, private in-formation. To me, one of the most important questions is who owns that data that we share on social media platforms and whether the data that is shared is shared with one’s fully informed con-sent so that consumers are protected against consequences they had no way of anticipating and that are damaging to their personal privacy. Other ideas involve increased trans-parency, partnering with the Federal Trade Commission, or passing new data privacy laws. They involve giving con-sumers more control and requiring companies to disclose in plain English and in nontechnical ways what infor-mation they collect before users are presumed to have given their consent. I look forward to exploring these and other related ideas at the hearing later today. Facebook and other social media platforms need to come clean with the American people. An apology, while necessary and welcome, is not enough. These companies must back up their words with actions that better safe-guard the American consumer and their right to privacy. Technology can be a good thing, but it can also be abused in ways that we need to reckon with. This afternoon’s hearing will be the beginning of those efforts in a very substantial and comprehensive way. Mr. President, on a separate matter, we have a lot on our plate here in the Senate apart from conducting the hear-ing that I just mentioned. One of our items on our ‘‘to do’’ list is to continue to confirm the President’s nominees, who have faced an unprecedented level of obstruction from the minority. The majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , has been forced to file cloture—a for-mal piece of paper—on six important nominees, many of whom will be con-firmed with strong bipartisan support, but because our colleagues on the other side refuse to consent to the expedited consideration of these noncontroversial nominees, we will have to literally burn up a week of the Senate’s time during which we could be doing other important work. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPELL  
Mr. President, in addition to the six nominees whom we will confirm this week, I want to talk about two in par-ticular, two outstanding individuals who have been nominated by the Presi-dent to some of the most important po-sitions in the Federal Government. These posts are the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the Secretary of State. Gina Haspel has been nominated for the first position. She joined the CIA in 1985, which was during the final years of the Cold War. She is a career intel-ligence officer and has served for more than 30 years overseas, around the world, and in Washington. She has held various leadership roles at the Central Intelligence Agency, including that of Deputy Director of the National Clan-destine Service. You can imagine this is some of the most sensitive and im-portant work that is being done in the intelligence community, and she has been right in the middle of it. She has also worked in the Counterterrorism Center, where her first day of work was on September 11, 2001—that fateful day when the Twin Towers fell and the Pentagon was attacked. Throughout her career, Ms. Haspel has held some of the most demanding and least publicly acknowledged as-signments in the far-off reaches of the globe—in places like Africa and the Middle East. She did not always seek out these difficult roles; she took them because she saw them as her duty. That is the challenge, honestly, when it comes to somebody who has had an in-credible career like Gina Haspel’s, be-cause so much of what she has done, she has done in a classified setting. We cannot really talk about the details without jeopardizing the sources and methods of our intelligence-gathering or without revealing information which could undermine our national se-curity. There have already been some at-tacks on Ms. Haspel, which, I think, are, honestly, a caricature of her 30- plus years of service to the country. We ought to applaud, not denigrate, people who are willing to sacrifice their safe-ty, their comfort, and their security to make us safer and more secure as the American people. Unfortunately, that doesn’t always happen. She has received numerous awards which lend credence to her reputation and illustrate that other accomplished professionals hold her in high regard. These awards include the Presidential Rank Award, which is the most pres-tigious award in the Federal civil serv-ice. She has also received the Intel-ligence Medal of Merit, among others. Her integrity and professionalism are beyond question. A bipartisan group of intelligence officials who has served in previous administrations has testified to her qualifications and her fitness for this particular position as the Director of the CIA. For example, former Direc-tor of National Intelligence James Clapper, who served for 50 years in the intelligence community under Repub-lican Presidents and Democratic Presi-dents, said he thinks the world of Ms. Haspel. She is capable, smart, experi-enced, and well respected by Agency rank-and-file and is a great person, he said. Leon Panetta, who served as the Chief of Staff to Bill Clinton when he was the President and who later served as the CIA Director and the Secretary of Defense under President Obama, said that he is glad we will have the first woman as the head of the CIA and that Gina knows the CIA inside and out. Former CIA Director John Brennan, who also worked under President Obama, has cited her ability to ‘‘pro-vide unvarnished, apolitical, objective intelligence to [President] Trump and to others.’’ Just yesterday, 53 former senior U.S. officials sent the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence a letter in which they expressed their wholehearted sup-port for Ms. Haspel. This group in-cludes former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George Shultz and former Attorney General Michael Mukasey, among others. As I said, we know that some par-tisans have already sought to twist and distort Ms. Haspel’s record and the de-cisions that were made in real time by accomplished professionals at a time when our country was under attack. In Ms. Haspel’s case, there have been questions about interrogation tactics that had been used in the early days of the War on Terror following 9/11. These questions are really pretty easily an-swered. The program complained of was investigated twice by career law-yers in the Justice Department—one under President Bush and another 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.009 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2027 April 10, 2018 
under President Obama. Ms. Haspel and others were found to have done nothing unlawful. As my colleague, the junior Senator from Arkansas, has said, Ms. Haspel did not go rogue or make these policies on the fly. She dutifully exe-cuted the approved policy as deter-mined by the Department of Justice. Moreover, she did so at one of the most dangerous moments in our Nation’s history. I am confident that Ms. Haspel will be confirmed because if she is not, it will send a horrible message to other highly qualified people who feel the call to serve our Nation, and it will send a horrible message to other CIA officers who follow lawful orders and protect our country on a daily basis. It will make our intelligence profes-sionals more risk averse and con-sequently endanger our national secu-rity and American lives. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. President, I also commend to the Senate the nomination of Mike Pompeo as the next Secretary of State and express my support for his nomina-tion. After graduating first in his class at West Point and serving in the U.S. Army, Mike Pompeo attended Harvard Law School. He had a successful career in law and business before transitioning into public service as an elected official. He served as a Con-gressman in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives for Kansas’s Fourth Con-gressional District, and he served in the U.S. House on the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. He was, of course, named by President Trump to lead the CIA after President Trump was elected. Director Pompeo is smart and well respected by all. He has developed a keen sense of the delicate nature of global diplomacy and the crucial and indispensable role that America plays in world affairs. I know he has great personal rapport and the confidence of the President, and I think he will make an excellent Secretary of State. Earlier this month, a group of influ-ential conservatives sent a letter ap-plauding Director Pompeo’s nomina-tion. They praised his management of the CIA and the trust he has earned of career officials there. They noted Di-rector Pompeo’s firsthand knowledge of the legislative process, something that is always handy for an executive branch official. They noted his congres-sional relationships—as we know, rela-tionships are very important here, as well—but also his experience serving in the military, which gives him a unique perspective on a wide variety of issues. I have worked with the Director on a number of occasions, including re-cently, when we worked together on the reauthorization of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act section 702 program, which the intelligence com-munity uses to monitor the commu-nications of terrorists and other people who are a threat to the national secu-rity of the United States. Without the Director’s stalwart support, we would not have been successful at renewing that program for 6 more years this last January. The Director never waivers from a fight, even under pressure, and he un-derstands the important role that our intelligence officials have in respond-ing to national security threats. That characteristic of his—not backing down from a fight—is important for a Secretary of State because inevitably they are involved in controversial mat-ters. I believe he has the personal tact, skill, and intelligence to be able to deal with our allies and to address our adversaries on the world stage in a way that would help the United States and help us lead in the world. Once he is confirmed, Americans would be fortunate to have Mike Pompeo’s critical eye trained on dif-ficult conflicts like that in Syria, up-coming negotiations on denuclearization with North Korea, the growing threat posed by China and its dictatorship, and the new and evolving forms of Russian aggression, including meddling in our elections. Mike Pompeo is not naive about these dan-gers. He is thoughtful, and I expect that, once confirmed, he will be direct, respectful, and collaborative in work-ing with the White House and the Con-gress. I strongly support the President’s nomination of Mike Pompeo for Sec-retary of State, and I urge my col-leagues to do likewise. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. D
AINES per-taining to the introduction of S. 2640 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
NOMINATIONS OF JOHN RING AND PATRICK  
PIZZELLA  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I am here today to urge my colleagues to op-pose the confirmation of two Trump nominees—John Ring, who has been nominated to the National Labor Rela-tions Board, and Patrick Pizzella, who has been nominated Deputy Secretary of Labor. These two nominees have been selected to hold critical jobs to protect workers. That is what these jobs are about. I will be blunt. I start with a pretty high bar here since, despite his cam-paign rhetoric from 2 years ago, the President’s track record on standing up for workers has been absolutely miser-able. From the day he nominated An-drew Puzder—an executive who de-lighted in mocking and belittling his own low-wage workers—to run the De-partment of Labor, this administration has delivered one gut punch after an-other to America’s working people. The National Labor Relations Board is responsible for protecting the rights of workers to organize and bargain for better wages and benefits, so as we con-sider President Trump’s latest nominee for the Board, it makes sense to look at what his nominees so far have al-ready done. Look at the new Republican major-ity’s very first week back on the job back in December. In just 5 days, the Board mowed its way through a giant wish list of areas where giant compa-nies were begging to be let off the hook for violating workers’ rights. Allowing employers to shirk their collective bargaining obligations by contracting out workers? Check. Making it easier for employers to control the outcome of union elections. Check. Opening the door for workplace rules that chill workers’ ability to join to-gether on the job. Check. Allowing cases to be ‘‘settled’’ with-out input from the workers whose rights are affected by the settlement. Check. Just as troubling as these anti-work-er decisions themselves are the egre-gious conflicts of interest behind them. From the moment he was nominated by President Trump, I have repeatedly raised concerns about Board Member William Emanuel’s history of rep-resenting big corporations that have abused their workers and about his mile-long list of potential conflicts of interest. Sure enough, after just a few months on the Board, NLRB’s inspec-tor general determined that Mr. Eman-uel participated in not one but two im-portant decisions involving his former law firm, which directly violated his ethics pledge. In response, the Board vacated one of its most consequential decisions of the last year, and Member Emanuel lost any remaining credi-bility that he could be an impartial Board member. So I called on him to resign. Now the President wants us to put John Ring on the Board. I have asked Mr. Ring to provide a list of clients and cases that might require his recusal. To his credit, he has done so. But Mr. Ring’s long list of clients is a huge red flag. Either he will ignore the ethics rules when they are inconvenient—like Mr. Emanuel did—or he will likely have to recuse himself from important cases. A large number of potential conflicts of interest isn’t the only thing Mr. Ring has in common with Mr. Eman-uel. Like Emanuel, Mr. Ring has also spent his career representing large em-ployers against workers, and his few public statements on the NLRB express a belief that the Board has been too friendly to workers and that corpora-tions have gotten the short end of the stick. After decades of stagnant wages and skyrocketing corporate profits, does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.010 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2028 April 10, 2018 
anyone other than insider lobbyists and lawyers think that Washington is working for middle-class families and that big corporations are the ones under attack? I don’t think so. That is exactly why an NLRB that looks out for workers is more important than ever. President Trump’s NLRB is fail-ing miserably at that mission. Working Americans deserve Board members with a demonstrated record of fighting for workers, not against them. They deserve Board members who aren’t ethically and legally con-strained from doing the job. Mr. Ring does not meet those qualifications. Workers need an NLRB that works for them, and they need leaders at the Department of Labor who are going to be on their side, not on the side of giant employers and extreme, right-wing donors. Patrick Pizzella has been nominated to the No. 2 job at the De-partment of Labor, and nothing in Mr. Pizzella’s resume tells us that he meets the description of being on the side of workers. In the 1990s, Mr. Pizzella lobbied with Jack Abramoff to exempt the Northern Mariana Islands from Federal labor laws. Do you know what that did? That allowed companies to run sweatshops while slapping ‘‘Made in America’’ la-bels on their products. Later, when Mr. Pizzella was in charge of data management and other operations at the Labor Department, the Government Accountability Office found that the Wage and Hour Division was egregiously mishandling wage theft complaints, consistently leaving vulnerable low-wage workers out to dry, because of faulty data systems and other operational failures. After leaving the Department, Mr. Pizzella went to work for secretive, far- right donor groups, such as the Con-servative Action Project, which se-cretly planned out the 2013 government shutdown to sabotage the Affordable Care Act and undermine many work-ers’ access to healthcare, all while Mr. Pizzella was its highest paid employee. The Deputy Secretary position should be filled by someone who has de-fended worker rights, not undermined them, someone who will make govern-ment work for the American people, not hamstring it for political purposes. Mr. Pizzella is the wrong man for this job. President Trump talked a big game during his campaign about fighting for workers, but after a year of corporate tax cuts and rolling back commonsense protections for workplace safety, re-tirement security, and more, we know that those promises have turned out not to be worth much of anything. The Senate should send a clear mes-sage to this administration that we ex-pect agencies like the NLRB and the Labor Department to stand up for working people, not to suck up to cor-porate lobbyists. Rejecting these two nominees would be a good first step. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Under the previous order, all time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Boom nomina-tion? Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 65 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Sanders 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:47 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f C
LOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in ac-cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board for the term of five years expiring December 16, 2022. 
Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Mi-chael B. Enzi, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 66 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.011 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2029 April 10, 2018 
Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Duckworth McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of John F. Ring, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring Decem-ber 16, 2022. (Mr. HOEVEN assumed the Chair.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Washington. 
EQUAL PAY DAY  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today for two reasons. Be-fore discussing the nomination at hand—John Ring for the National Labor Relations Board—I do want to take a couple of minutes to mark Equal Pay Day. Today, it takes women more than 3 additional months to make what their male colleagues made in 2017. In the 21st century, there is absolutely no ex-cuse for the reality that women are still being paid less than men for the same work. It is wrong, it is harmful, and it has to change. What is even more unacceptable is that for women of color, the pay gap is even worse. African-American women, working full time, only make 63 cents for every dollar their White male col-leagues make, and on average, Latinas earn 54 cents for every dollar their White male colleagues make. The wage gap doesn’t hurt just women; it hurts families and our econ-omy. Women are actually the sole or cobreadwinner in two-thirds of families with children. Families increasingly rely on women’s wages to help make ends meet—to buy groceries, pay the bills, or pay for childcare. In order to help women and all work-ing families get ahead, I am very proud to be a sponsor of the Paycheck Fair-ness Act. The Paycheck Fairness Act provides transparency and support for women who are being paid less than their male colleagues. It protects women from retaliation for discussing salary information with their cowork-ers, it allows women to join together in class action lawsuits, and it prohibits employers from seeking salary history, so the cycle of pay discrimination can-not continue. As President Trump now continues to roll back worker protections and prioritize corporate profits over work-ing families’ wages, I think it is time for Congress to act and pass the Pay-check Fairness Act because workers do deserve to be paid fairly, end of story, no matter their gender. Mr. President, I want to turn to the nomination before the Senate today, the nomination of John Ring for the National Labor Relations Board. First, I have to object to the unprece-dented nature in which we are jamming this nominee through. It is standard practice that Board nominees are always confirmed in pairs—one Democrat and one Repub-lican. We do this to keep the Board as fair and balanced as possible in hopes that workers have a fair hearing when corporations violate their rights or bargain in bad faith, because the Board is the only place to which workers can turn to enforce their rights under the National Labor Relations Act. Workers cannot sue in court. So I must ask, why is this nominee being forced through without also filling the Demo-cratic seat that is about to be vacated, especially at a time when so many other nominees have been waiting sig-nificantly longer—some more than 6 months—to be confirmed? I have to be-lieve that it is because special cor-porate interests are putting immense pressure on my colleagues across the aisle to confirm someone who will ad-vocate for corporations, no matter the cost to workers. Right now, the Board’s credibility is damaged because another Trump-ap-pointed Board member, William Eman-uel, chose to cast aside his ethics pledge and commitment to me by par-ticipating in Board actions that would directly benefit his former employer. Because of those actions, Mr. Eman-uel—the Board’s independent watch-dog—opened an investigation, and be-cause there was a clear conflict of in-terest, the Board was forced to vacate the decision that overruled Obama-era worker protections. With a cloud of ethics controversies surrounding the current Board mem-bers, it is clear to me why corporations and special interests are trying to get Mr. Ring confirmed so quickly. Mr. Ring has spent his career as a cor-porate lawyer representing the inter-ests of companies, not workers. He has opposed the Board’s reforms that stop companies from unnecessarily delaying union elections. He has encouraged the Board to undermine long-established rights, including the right for workers to have coworker representation in dis-ciplinary interviews. I find it difficult to believe he will advocate now for workers, as this Board desperately needs to be doing. This administration has spent more than a year undermining workers’ rights and making it easier for cor-porations to take advantage of them, and the Board, under Republican con-trol, has been leading that charge by ignoring longstanding practices in a rush to overturn precedents that pro-tect workers. At a time when corporations in this country and the richest among us are getting richer and working families are left behind, it is so critical today that the Board be independent and able to advocate for workers. Now is not the time to break precedent and vote on a nominee without the Democratic pair. For all these reasons, I will be voting no on this nominee. I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. (Mr. JOHNSON assumed the Chair.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of Senator B
ROWN ’s remarks I be recognized for my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, thank you. I thank the Senator from Rhode Is-land, who has been a great advocate for moving this country forward on every-thing from campaign finance rules to labor, to justice, and to keeping our planet as clean as possible. During his campaign, Candidate Trump made a lot of big promises to workers in Ohio and across the coun-try. He told them he would put Amer-ican workers first, but too often the people he has put in charge have a record of doing exactly the opposite. That is certainly true of the two nomi-nees to the Department of Labor and the National Labor Relations Board whom we will consider this week, Pat-rick Pizzella and John Ring. Think about this. They have spent their careers working to strip workers of their rights, defending corporations that are accused of mistreating work-ers, and trying to undermine collective bargaining rights. Mr. Pizzella worked for disgraced former lobbyist and convicted felon, Jack Abramoff. They worked on the same lobbying team at the law firm of Preston Gates, trying to keep workers from being protected by Federal labor laws. These are the candidates the President of the United States, who talked about empowering workers and being on the side of workers, has nomi-nated, one for the Department of Labor and one for the National Labor Rela-tions Board. They have been busy through their professional careers—and very well paid doing it—trying to keep workers from being protected by Fed-eral labor laws. I know everyone is entitled to rep-resentation, but when you devote your life to keeping workers from having collective bargaining, keeping workers from working in a safe workplace, and defending companies who are accused of mistreating workers, it makes you wonder. Mr. Pizzella also previously served at the Department of Labor, but his record there gives us no reason to re-hire him at the Department of Labor. He worked at the Wage and Hour Divi-sion. He was supposed to look out for workers being cheated by their bosses out of the paychecks they had earned. All over my State, from Cleveland to Cincinnati, from Ashtabula to Lima, from Marietta to Bryan and Toledo, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.002 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2030 April 10, 2018 
hear stories of workers who simply couldn’t fight back when their employ-ers would occasionally cheat them out of a paycheck or overtime or misclassify them. We know most em-ployers don’t do that, but we know it happens with some regularity in com-munities all over my State and all over our country. That is why it is so impor-tant to have someone at the Depart-ment of Labor who looks out for the worker who doesn’t often have a strong voice, as opposed to always siding with the employer on every issue. Instead, an independent review by the Government Accountability Office found that when he was in his Depart-ment, the Wage and Hour Division was ineffective and actually discouraged workers from lodging complaints to get their hard-earned money back. So when a worker felt that he or she was cheated in the workplace, when Mr. Pizzella was in the Wage and Hour Di-vision, those workers were reluctant to lodge complaints to get their money back because the Department of Labor was not on their side in those days. This is the man who wants to be Dep-uty Secretary of Labor. He would be the second highest ranking official in charge of looking out for working men and women. His record indicates he would be more interested in looking out for corporations that want to take advantage of their workers. Isn’t there enough of that in this country without the government siding with the rich-est, most privileged people in the coun-try, the large corporations in the coun-try against workers who simply don’t have much of a voice? We are going to put government on the side of those corporations against those workers. John Ring’s nomination to the NLRB may be even worse. He has been nomi-nated to be on the National Labor Re-lations Board. He is supposed to be a neutral arbiter between workers and management. He has spent his career representing employers. He has at-tacked the agency he is seeking to join. So much is at stake with this nomina-tion. It will likely result in a 3-to-2 anti-worker and anti-labor majority on a board that has enormous influence over American workers. It will mean big advances in the decades-long cam-paign to chip away at workers’ power in the workplace. We need someone in both of these jobs—Mr. Pizzella at the Department of Labor and Mr. Ring at the NLRB—who wakes up every day thinking: How do I help American workers? How do I help American workers have a safer work-place? How do I help American workers get paid fairly? How do we make sure companies do the right thing as they treat their workers? That is what they should wake up every day thinking. In-stead, President Trump has nominated and is hiring two people who have spent their careers trying to push those workers down. What these folks don’t seem to understand is that it is not corporations that drive the econ-omy; it is workers. There is a problem in this institu-tion. The leaders in this institution— the majority leader down the hall, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL —think you grow the economy from the top down. They think you give the richest people in the country tax cuts, you give the largest corporations in the country tax breaks, and it will trickle down and help work-ers. No, that is not how you grow the economy. You grow the economy from the middle out. That is why we had greater job growth with President Obama after the auto rescue in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016. More jobs were created in almost every one of those years than in 2017—President Trump’s first year in office. If work isn’t valued, if corporations shortchange workers with the help of lawyers like Mr. Ring and Mr. Pizzella, then Americans can’t earn their way to a better life for their families, no mat-ter how hard they work. In my hometown of Mansfield or where Connie and I live in Cleveland or in Cranston, RI—Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s hometown, where my daughter and son-in-law and two grandchildren live— how many times do I hear people in these communities say: You know, I am working harder than ever, and I have less to show for it. President Trump is going to put two lawyers in key places in the Federal Government who are going to stack the deck even more against those workers. The last thing we need is more people serving in Washington who don’t value work and who don’t respect the Ameri-cans who do it. I urge my colleagues to listen a little more to the Americans we serve. As President Lincoln said: Go out and get your public opinion bath. Listen to workers—not just employers, not just lawyers, not just to country clubs. Go to where workers hang out. Listen a little more to the workers we serve and a little less to big corporations, which it seems these days are trying to squeeze every last penny out of their workers. Mr. President, reject these nomina-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here on the floor for my 202nd ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech. I would like to begin by thanking this body for the passing of the National Oceans and Coastal Security Fund as part of the measure that Republicans and Demo-crats agreed to before the recent re-cess. The Presiding Officer obviously represents an extremely coastal State. I represent Rhode Island, a very coast-al State. This new program will pro-vide resources for the communities along our shores to be able to deal with the threats they are seeing from sea level rise, fisheries moving about, worsening offshore storms, tides that now come ashore on bright sunny days, and the various hazards that they must undertake so that they are not left alone trying to address them. I often use these speeches to explore why it is that we get nothing done in Congress on climate. I point out that the major reason is the insidious fossil- fuel-funded web of climate change de-nial, with a parallel lobbying and elec-tioneering effort. I point out that this network is fund-ed by the fossil fuel industry in a delib-erate and systematic effort to mis-direct public discussion and to distort public understanding of climate change and climate science. I point out that it is actually work-ing. It has been so effective at infil-trating our political system that the head of the U.S. Environmental Protec-tion Agency is a full-on fossil fuel flun-ky. I discuss the fossil fuel industry’s parallel web that directs rivers of dark money into our political system and deploys related, but more clandestine, threats and promises to work the in-dustry’s will in Congress. Like I said, it is working. The web of denial and political enforcement orga-nizations has so far achieved its pur-pose: to prevent Congress from car-rying out its responsibility to rein in carbon pollution. We are, as a result, failing to protect the American people and our economy from the effects of that pollution, particularly our coastal economies. But now agriculture and other economies are feeling it too, and Congress is still doing nothing. So this secretive and insidious appa-ratus deserves our attention. Now-adays, this apparatus is dedicated to denying science, confusing the public, and holding a political whip hand over Congress on the issue of climate change. Nowadays, it does this to pro-tect the fossil fuel industry from re-sponsibility for its pollution. But it is actually not a new enterprise. We have never seen this machinery operating at this scale before. It is big-ger and more multifaceted than ever, but we have seen its tricks before. The science denial playbook, commissioned by the Koch brothers, ExxonMobil, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to sty-mie climate action, is the same doubt- mongering playbook we have seen used by Big Tobacco, by chemical indus-tries, and by other corporate polluters for decades. I am not the only one who has no-ticed. A lot of work has examined this denial apparatus—how it is funded, how it hides its funding, how it com-municates, and how it propagates the denial message. This is valuable work because the better America under-stands the mechanisms of this deceitful operation, the better America can inoc-ulate itself against that deceit. So I have brought some of this work with me to the Senate floor today. It is kind of a beginner’s bibliography of this apparatus. I will start with a book called ‘‘De-ceit and Denial,’’ and, on the cover, de-scribed by Bill Moyers as ‘‘the best de-tective story I’ve read in years.’’ This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.027 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2031 April 10, 2018 
book is written by Gerald Markowitz and David Rosner, who have been tracking the efforts of industry to hide scientific facts about pollution for a long time. They point out in their in-troduction here: 
Some industries . . . have reassured the public that their products are benign by con-trolling research and manipulating science. Throughout much of the twentieth century, most scientific studies of the health effects of toxic substances have been done by re-searchers in the employ of industry or in universities with financial ties to members of that industry. At times their results were subject to review by industry; if the results indicated a problem, the information was suppressed. 
This goes way back into the annals of denial. My next book is ‘‘Poison Tea.’’ It is a book written by Jeff Nesbit. It goes back into the tobacco documents that were protected in the tobacco settle-ment. The attorneys general demanded that the documents of the tobacco companies be set aside as a permanent reference. Jeff Nesbit was present at some of the efforts to create the to-bacco industry version of climate de-nial. He saw it happening up close. He was in some of the meetings. In chap-ter 25, he opens up with this: 
If the 14 million internal tobacco industry memos and documents show one thing clear-ly, it is this: political campaign networks built to defend and promote large corporate interests with integrated goals, messaging, targets, and allies simply don’t materialize overnight. The funding and strategies behind them take years to develop before reaching maturity. And they build on each other over time. 
I turn now to ‘‘Doubt is Their Prod-uct.’’ This is David Michaels’ book. The subtitle is ‘‘How Industry’s Assault on Science Threatens Your Health.’’ The quotation I have selected moves from the general principle of science denial on behalf of industries into glob-al warming as this scheme moved for-ward: 
Take global warming. The vast majority of climate scientists believe there is adequate evidence of global warming to justify imme-diate intervention to reduce the human con-tribution. 
Now, this was written, just to be clear, in 2008, a decade ago—a decade ago: 
The vast majority of climate scientists be-lieve there is adequate evidence global warming to justify immediate intervention to reduce the human contribution. They un-derstand that waiting for absolute certainty is far riskier—and potentially far more ex-pensive—than acting responsibly now— 
That is, 10 years ago— 
to control the causes of climate change. Op-ponents of action, led by the fossil fuels in-dustry, delayed this policy debate— 
And for another decade— 
by challenging the science with a classic un-certainty campaign. 
He cites what he calls a cynical memo that Republican political con-sultant Frank Luntz delivered to his clients in early 2003, saying: 
The scientific debate is closing [against us] but not yet closed. There is still a window of opportunity to challenge the science. Luntz understood that his clients can op-pose (and delay) regulation . . . by simply manufacturing uncertainty. Doubt is their product. The next book is by Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway, entitled ‘‘Mer-chants of Doubt,’’ which was actually made into a film as well. They have done a lot of work in this area. Here is the conclusion: 
Doubt-mongering works because we think science is about facts—cold, hard, definite facts. This is a mistake. There are always uncer-tainties in any live science because science is a process of discovery. Doubt is crucial to science . . . but it also makes science vulnerable to misrepresenta-tion, because it is easy to take uncertainties out of context and create the impression that everything is unresolved. This was the tobacco industry’s key insight: That you could use normal scientific uncertainty to undermine the status of actual scientific knowledge. ‘‘Doubt is our product,’’ ran the infamous memo written by one tobacco industry exec-utive in 1969. 
‘‘Merchants of Doubt’’ goes on to de-scribe how that exact same technique— and many of the same individuals and organizations—carried that over from tobacco smoke to global warming. Sub-title: ‘‘How a Handful of Scientists Ob-scured the Truth on Issues from To-bacco Smoke to Global Warming.’’ This is a book by Pulitzer Prize win-ning author Steve Coll. He is actually speaking tonight at the Library of Con-gress. This book is called ‘‘Private Em-pire: ExxonMobil and American Power.’’ It describes the mischief that Exxon got up to in pursuing its polit-ical goals here in Washington. He de-scribes the underlying structure of Washington policy debates. He calls it a ‘‘kaleidoscope of overlapping and competing influence campaigns, some open, some conducted by front organi-zations, and some entirely clandes-tine.’’ Obviously, if you are ExxonMobil, you don’t want your name on all of this stuff—hence, the ‘‘kaleidoscope of overlapping and competing influence campaigns, some open, some conducted by front organizations, and some en-tirely clandestine.’’ He continues: 
Strategists created layers of disguise, sub-tlety, and subterfuge—corporate-funded ‘‘grassroots’’ programs and purpose-built think tanks, as fingerprint-free as possible. In such an opaque and untrustworthy atmos-phere, the ultimate advantage lay with any lobbyist whose goal was to manufacture con-fusion and perpetual controversy. On cli-mate, this happened to be the oil industry’s position. 
In his book ‘‘The War on Science,’’ Shawn Otto goes in some detail through the scheming that backs up what he calls ‘‘a steady stream of pseu-doscience that can be used by foot sol-diers to sway the public debate.’’ He goes through a number of steps that are the standard parts of this campaign, starting with phony science: 
Phony science . . . that creates ‘‘uncer-tainties’’ about the accepted views of main-stream science. So you start off with phony science that creates phony uncertainties about the accepted views of mainstream science. 
Step two follows with slanted press mate-rials spoon-fed to journalists by industry-af-filiated nonprofits and bloggers. 
A third step of this PR battle is what he calls ‘‘building and financing indus-try-aligned front groups (fake public- interest organizations) and astroturf groups (fake grassroots organiza-tions).’’ And we sure do see those fake public interest organizations and fake grass-roots organizations whipped up by the fossil fuel industry today. Step 4 is outlier scientists—the ones who can cook up the pseudoscience that can be used by foot soldiers: 
Outlier scientists are recruited to publish in phony journals and speak at conferences of physicians, lawyers, and other profes-sionals, emphasizing the controversy and sowing ‘‘uncertainties’’ and denial, thus using peer-pressure to create true believers among the influential opinion leaders. 
You then shove out into ‘‘industry- aligned, or otherwise sympathetic talk- radio and cable-news purveyors, who reference these mainstream sources, react with outrage, and call for policy action.’’ This provides political cover for legislative or other ‘‘policy action by partisan allies in government.’’ 
Industry representatives can step safely out from behind the curtain for the main act of the culture-war drama and plead their case to policymakers. . . . The strategy is designed to neutralize the primacy of objec-tive knowledge— 
We wouldn’t want to make decisions around here based on objective knowl-edge— 
and slowly move public opinion toward ac-cepting the industry’s position as the only truly reasonable one, subverting the demo-cratic process. 
From my experience, that is a pretty good description as to how this game is played. Thank you, Shawn Otto. Two of the people who do some of the best work looking at this climate de-nial apparatus and tracking its funding are academic writers Riley Dunlap and Robert Brulle. Their book, ‘‘Climate Change and Society,’’ drills into this pretty well. Here is the description. 
Over time, manufacturing uncertainty has evolved into ‘‘manufacturing controversy,’’ creating the impression that there is major debate and dissent within the scientific com-munity over the reality of anthropogenic cli-mate change. To accomplish this, corpora-tions and especially CTTs have supported a small number of contrarian scientists (many with no formal training in climate science) and other self-styled ‘‘experts’’ (often social scientists affiliated with CTTs) to produce non-peer-reviewed reports and books, publish in a handful of marginal journals, hold ‘‘sci-entific’’ conferences, compile dubious lists of supposed scientists who question climate change, and in general mimic the workings of conventional science . . . fashioning a ‘‘parallel scientific universe’’ that serves to generate confusion among the public and policymakers. 
Thank you, Riley Dunlap and Robert Brulle for your years of research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.028 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2032 April 10, 2018 
Recently Jane Mayer’s book, ‘‘Dark Money,’’ has gotten a lot of attention. It focuses on the extent to which the Koch brothers specifically use the cav-erns for subterranean dark money to mess around in our politics. Following up on the use of conservative think tanks, we have an early—I guess you would say ‘‘strategizer’’ of this effort quoted as saying: 
It would be necessary to use ambiguous and misleading names, obscure the true agenda, and conceal the means of control. 
That is the background. This whole development of the think tank is de-scribed here this way: 
In the 1970s, with funding from a handful of hugely wealthy donors . . . as well as some major corporate support, a whole new form of ‘‘think tank’’ emerged that was more en-gaged in selling predetermined ideology to politicians and the public than undertaking scholarly research. 
To use her phrase, it was ‘‘the think tank as disguised political weapon.’’ That is part of what we are up against. ‘‘Democracy in Chains,’’ a book by Nancy MacLean, looks back at some of the early history through which the Koch brothers and others funded this operation. It points out that ‘‘the Koch team’s most important stealth move, and the one that proved most critical to success, was to wrest control over the machinery of the Republican Party, beginning in the late 1990s and with sharply escalating determination after 2008.’’ What made them want to do this? I will read. The Koch cadre identified the public’s embrace of environ-mentalism as a problem early on. They then pulled together— 
a circle of less-known Koch-funded liber-tarian think tanks driving what two science scholars describe as systematic environ-mental ‘‘misinformation campaigns.’’ They spread junk pseudoscience to make the pub-lic believe that there is still doubt about the peril of climate change, a tactic they learned from the tobacco companies that for years sowed doubt about science to keep the public from connecting smoking and illness. The Koch team by then could count on its Club for Growth to fund primary challenges to ensure that the party line on environmentalism would be maintained by Republican members of Congress. . . . ‘‘We’re looking at a party,’’ the economist and col-umnist Paul Krugman rightly points out, ‘‘that has turned its back on science at a time when doing so puts the very future of civilization at risk.’’ Backing up that chokehold on federal ac-tion is what one reporter called a ‘‘secretive alliance’’ between red-state attorneys gen-eral and fossil fuel corporations. 
Again, we link back to my earlier re-marks. One of the red States’ attorneys general who link up with the fossil fuel corporations is none other than our EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt. She concludes it this way: 
To put all this another way: if the Koch- network-funded academics and institutions were not in the conversation, the public would have little doubt that the evidence of science is overwhelming and government ac-tion to prevent further global warming is ur-gent. I will close with a return to Jane Mayer, whose research on this whole dark money problem that bedevils our democracy has been nothing less than heroic, in my view. She wrote recently: 
If there was any lingering doubt that a tiny clique of fossil-fuel barons has captured America’s energy and environmental poli-cies, it was dispelled . . . when the Trump Administration withdrew from the Paris cli-mate accord. . . . [A] majority of Americans in literally every state wanted to remain within the agreement, and . . . the heads of many of the country’s most successful and iconic Fortune 100 companies, from Disney to General Electric, did, too. . . . Yet . . . a tiny—and until recently, almost faceless— minority somehow prevailed. How this happened is no longer a secret. The answer . . . is ‘‘a story of big political money.’’ It is, perhaps, the most astounding example of influence-buying in modern American political history. 
It is focused now on climate change because climate change is—and I quote her again here—‘‘‘a direct challenge to the most powerful industry that has ever existed on the face of the Earth. There’s no depth to which they are un-willing to sink to challenge anything threatening their interests.’’’ That is a pretty good description by a lot of very well-regarded, and some in cases, Pulitzer Prize winning and award-winning writers and researchers about where we are. The result of all that is the gridlock that these inter-ests have bought and paid for in Con-gress on this critical issue and an ad-ministration that is driven by fossil fuel interests to roll back all regula-tions that impinge on fossil fuel prof-its. Using that screen these authors have talked about—and that I have talked about—of think tanks and foun-dations and public relations firms and trade associations and, of course, those rivers of dark money flowing through subterranean political caverns, this in-dustry—the fossil fuel industry—has taken control of and disabled our American political system. That is a very inconvenient truth for those in our political system, but its inconven-ience takes away nothing from its truth. Thanks to these authors and re-searchers and many others like them— many others like them—the truth of what has happened is plain. It is not just plain in these books. It will be plain before the reckoning gaze of his-tory. There will be a reckoning. His-tory always looks back, ultimately. If you look at these books and you look at others and you look at the record of what has taken place and the report-ing, there is no doubt that this is the biggest influence-buying operation of all time. Do we in Congress really want to be found on the side of this crooked apparatus when that reckoning comes? God, I hope not. It is time to wake up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, notwithstanding rule XXII, I ask unan-imous consent that at 12:20 p.m. on Wednesday, April 11, the Senate vote on confirmation of the Ring nomina-tion and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING DANIEL AKAKA Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a dedicated pub-lic servant, a beloved statesman, and a gentleman of the Senate: Senator Dan-iel Akaka. On Friday, Senator Akaka passed away peacefully with his family gathered by his bedside. He leaves be-hind not only a strong record of legis-lative achievement, but a legacy of love and Aloha that animated his work here in the Senate. Senator Akaka committed his life to public service. Whether as a soldier, ed-ucator, or Senator, he dedicated him-self fully to the betterment of our Na-tion. After graduating high school in 1942, Senator Akaka enlisted in the Army Corps of Engineers, playing a key role in critical construction projects across the Pacific Theater dur-ing World War II. Senator Akaka’s military service was a springboard to even greater opportunities, allowing him to finance a college education through the GI bill. As a beneficiary of this historic legis-lation, Senator Akaka was perhaps the greatest advocate of our troops during his time here in the Senate, writing and spearheading passage of the 21st Century GI bill. He wanted our service-members to have the same opportunity he had to transition into civilian life, receive an education, and change this country for the better. With help from the GI bill, Senator Akaka earned both a bachelor’s and master’s degree in education from the University of Hawaii. For nearly two decades, he worked in Hawaii’s public schools, first as a teacher and eventu-ally as a principal. Working in the trenches of America’s public education system, Senator Akaka gained the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.030 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2033 April 10, 2018 
hands-on experience he would need as a legislator to take an active role in some of the most important education reforms of modern times. After working as both a teacher and an administrator, Senator Akaka served as the chief program planner in the department of health, education, and welfare, and eventually served as the director of the Hawaii Office of Economic Opportunity. The sterling reputation Senator Akaka gained in State government helped launch his legislative career, and in 1976, the peo-ple of Hawaii elected him to the U.S. House of Representatives. He had a dis-tinguished record as a Congressman be-fore Hawaii elected him to the Senate in 1990. In this chamber, Senator Akaka worked hard on behalf of our Native populations as the chairman of the In-dian Affairs Committee. He also fought valiantly for our troops as the Chair-man of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, ensuring that our men and women in uniform were well taken care of upon returning home. Having served alongside Senator Akaka for more than two decades, I re-member best the spirit of civility he embodied as a legislator. He was caring and kind, loving and loyal, genuine and generous to all. He represented the best of this body in his willingness to lay aside partisan differences for the good of the Nation. Although we were mem-bers of different parties, he was the kind of Senator you could work with, never letting the perfect be the enemy of the good. I consider myself lucky to have known Senator Akaka and even luckier to have called him a friend. Today my prayers are with Senator Akaka’s fam-ily and the people of Hawaii, whom he loved and served so selflessly for so many years. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–24, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Qatar for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $300 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosure. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–24 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $250 million. Other $50 million. Total $300 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: MDE: Five thousand (5,000) Advanced Precision Kill Weapon Systems (APKWS) II Guidance Sections. Non-MDE: Also included are five thousand (5,000) MK66–4 2.75 inch Rocket Motors, five thousand (5,000) High Explosive Warheads for Airborne 2.75 inch Rockets, inert MK66–4 2.75 inch Rocket Motors, Inert High Explosive Warhead for Airborne 2.75 inch Rockets, sup-port equipment, spares, training, publica-tions, engineering technical assistance, pro-gram management technical assistance, lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of program support. (iv) Military Department: U.S. Army (QA– B–WYX). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: QA–B–WYX, 19 Aug 14). (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 9, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar—Five thousand (5,000) Advanced Preci-sion Kill Weapon Systems (APKWS) and Related Equipment and Support The Government of Qatar has requested a possible sale of five thousand (5,000) Ad-vanced Precision Kill Weapon Systems (APKWS) II Guidance Sections. Also in-cluded are five thousand (5,000) MK66–4 2.75 inch rocket motors, five thousand (5,000) high explosive warheads for airborne 2.75 inch rockets, inert MK66–4 2.75 inch rocket motors, inert high explosive warhead for air-borne 2.75 inch rockets, support equipment, spares, training, publications, engineering technical assistance, program management technical assistance, logistics support serv-ices, and other related elements of program support. The estimated total program value is $300 million. This proposed sale supports the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States. Qatar is an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Persian Gulf region. Our mu-tual defense interests anchor our relation-ship and the Qatar Emiri Air Force (QEAF) plays a predominant role in Qatar’s defense. Qatar intends to use these defense articles and services to modernize its armed forces. This will contribute to Qatar’s military goal by providing additional capability to its new AH–64E aircraft fleet. The APKWS will pro-vide Qatar with a low-cost precision strike capability, decreasing collateral damage and expanding its options for counterterrorism operations. Qatar will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor involved in this program is BAE, Nashua, New Hampshire. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require two U.S. Government or contractor representatives to travel to the State of Qatar for a period of one week to train in as-sembly and Wing Slot Seal replacement. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–24 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The APKWS II All-Up-Round is an air- to-ground weapon that consists of an APKWS II Guidance Section (GS), legacy 2.75 inch MK66 Mod 4 rocket motor and legacy MK152 and MK435/436 warhead/fuse. The APKWS II GS is installed between the rocket motor and warhead and provides a Semi-Ac-tive Laser (SAL) precision capability to leg-acy unguided 2.75-inch rockets. The APKWS II is procured as an independent component to be mated to the appropriate 2.75-inch war-head/fuse; however, for this case the APKWS II will be delivered as an All-up-Round (AUR). 2. The GS is manually set with the appro-priate laser code during loading and is launched from any platform configured with a LAU–68F/A, or similar launcher(s). After launch, the GS activates and the seeker de-tects laser energy reflected from a target designated with a remote or autonomous laser. The control system then guides the rocket to the target. 3. The only interface required with the host platform is a 28V Direct Current (DC) firing pulse. 4. APKWS II increases stowed kills by pro-viding precise engagements at standoff ranges with sufficient accuracy for a high single-shot probability of hit against soft and lightly armored targets, thereby mini-mizing collateral damage. The APKWS II is capable of day and night operations and per-formance is many adverse environments. 5. All training for APKWS II is UNCLASSI-FIED. The training required is: pilot train-ing to effectively employ the APKWS II, ord-nance handler for safe handling and prepara-tion of the APKWS II and AUR, and mainte-nance training for replacement of the Wing Slot Seal (WSS). 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the State of Qatar. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.023 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2034 April 10, 2018 
confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 539 and the motion to invoke clo-ture on Executive Calendar No. 728. On vote No. 65, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 539. On vote No. 66, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 728. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SCIPIO WHITE ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to recognize Scipio White for his service to our Nation, the Commonwealth, and to the Monessen community in Penn-sylvania. In 1941, Scipio entered the Army to defend our Nation during WWII. He was recognized early on for his leadership skills and his ability to interact with individuals of all backgrounds. Upon completing officer training school, Scipio was commissioned lieutenant. He became one of the first African Americans to serve as a field officer during WWII. After the war concluded, Scipio con-tinued his military career as an Army Reservist, eventually securing the rank of major. He served as branch president and vice president of his local Reserve Officers Association and is also active with the Military Officers Association of America. Returning to Pennsylvania, Scipio continued his government service with the Post Office for 41 years. During that time, he completed a business de-gree from Douglas Business School in Monessen. Additionally, he was a board member of the Mon Valley Community Health Center during its inception and served on the board of the Washington County Postal Credit Union. Today Scipio’s devotion to the com-munity remains evident. He actively works with the Monessen Clean Air Co-alition to promote smoking cessation and remains a long-term member of the NAACP. For more than 50 years, he has worked with the Mon Yough Lodge No. 79 and is a 32 Sublime Prince with the St. Cyprian Consistory No. 4 in Pitts-burgh, PA. I commend Scipio White for his life of service and leadership on behalf of the Nation, the Commonwealth, and the residents of Monessen, PA. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAXINE T. BELL ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring Idaho State Rep-resentative Maxine T. Bell, of Jerome, ID, for her 30 years of serving in the Idaho House of Representatives. Maxine has been an instrumental leader through economic challenges and an excellent role model for those interested in government service. She was first elected to the Idaho House of Representatives in 1988 and has rep-resented the people of Jerome, Cassia, Minidoka, and rural Twin Falls Coun-ties throughout her time in the Idaho statehouse. She also operated a family farm with her husband, Jack, and was a librarian at the Jerome Junior High School. In the State legislature, she has served as vice chairman of the agri-cultural affairs committee, as a mem-ber of the resources-conservation com-mittee, as chairman of the appropria-tions committee, and as joint chairman of the joint finance and appropriations committee. Throughout her career, she has been known as someone who brings people together, works hard, and gets things done. It is no wonder that Maxine Bell has received numerous awards for her dis-tinguished service. These recognitions include being honored multiple times as the Farm Bureau’s Friend of Agri-culture, Ag All Star by farm organiza-tions, Legislator of the Year by the Idaho Association of Soil Conservation Districts, Co-operatives Friend, Advo-cate of the Year from the Idaho Career Development Association, and Legis-lator of the Year by the Idaho Library Association. She also received Idaho State University’s President’s Medal-lion, the Idaho Professional Technical Education Distinguished Service Award, and many other honors. She is recognized as a strong, solu-tion-driven leader who makes things happen. Her congenial demeanor, quick wit, and keen intellect are just a few of the traits that have made her so be-loved and effective over the years. Ida-hoans have been fortunate to have Rep-resentative Bell’s leadership in the leg-islature. We thank Maxine Bell for her outstanding service, congratulate her on her exemplary career, and wish her well as she concludes her service in the State legislature.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO HEATHER HICKOX ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Heather Hickox, the Baker County Teacher of the Year from Baker County Pre-K/Kindergarten Cen-ter in Macclenny, FL. Heather was named Teacher of the Year after exhibiting great use of strategies to meet all learning styles. In her classroom, mathematical con-cepts are taught well beyond what is expected to be seen at her students’ grade level. She is also known for showing excellent orientation to her lessons through clearly posted objec-tives and activation of background knowledge. According to Heather, every student is important and deserves the chance to achieve their goals. She believes it is the job of teachers to support and encourage students on their journey, to help them find their passions, and to give them the tools they need to be successful. Heather received her bachelor of arts degree in elementary education in 2010 from the University of North Florida, graduating summa cum laude and on the president’s list. She began her teaching career at Baker County Pre- K/Kindergarten Center and has been there for 6 years. I extend my best wishes to Heather for all the hard work and dedication she has for her students and look for-ward to hearing of her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRANDON JENKINS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize Brandon Jen-kins, the Brevard County Teacher of the Year from Heritage High School in Palm Bay, FL. Brandon received this important rec-ognition based on his teaching philos-ophy and practice, leadership, profes-sional development, and encourage-ment of parental engagement in the learning process. After Brandon was named Teacher of the Year, he said it felt like proof his hard work was not in vain. It has always been a dream of his to touch the lives of students, as his life was touched many years ago. Under Brandon’s leadership, Heritage has seen its band membership grow from 15 to 130 students. The band’s rat-ings have improved from previously re-ceiving poor ratings at competitions to becoming a superior-rated concert band for the past 3 years. Brandon earned his bachelor of science degree in music education from Winston-Salem State University and master of music degree in wind con-ducting from Messiah College. He be-came the band director at Heritage High School and has been a Brevard County Public School teacher for 5 years. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Brandon for all his hard work and dedication he has given to his students. I wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ASA JERNIGAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Asa Jernigan, the Nassau County Teacher of the Year from Fernandina Beach Middle School in Fernandina Beach, FL. Asa’s dedication to both his students and profession led to him being named Teacher of the Year. For 34 years, Asa has taught at both the middle and high school levels. His bands have earned the accolades with 26 consecutive years of superior ratings, as well as having numerous students selected for All-Dis-trict and All-State Bands. Many of his former students have become profes-sional musicians who perform around the world. Asa shares his passion and expertise of music to colleagues across the dis-trict and State. Asa works on various different efforts, such as supervising new band directors, articulating with the Fernandina Beach High School band program, and serving on the Flor-ida Bandmasters Association small schools and mentoring committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.030 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2035 April 10, 2018 
Asa received his bachelor of music education from Troy University and was a member of the Sound of the South marching band. He currently is the band director at Fernandina Beach Middle School, where he has worked for a total of 17 years. I would like to recognize Asa for all his hard work and dedication to his students and look forward to hearing of his continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4653. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘N,N–Dimethyl 9-Decenamide; N,N– Dimethyldodecanamide; N,N– Dimethyltetradecanamide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9974–70) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4654. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Fresh Cherimoya Fruit From Chile Into the United States’’ (RIN0579–AE13) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4655. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the Na-tional Guard and Reserve Equipment Report (NGRER) for fiscal year 2019; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4656. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Bradley A. Heithold, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4657. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Modification to Sup-port for Non-Federal Development and Test-ing of Material for Chemical Agent Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4658. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting proposed legislation rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4659. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Persons to the Entity List and Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List; Correction of License Require-ments’’ (RIN0694–AH51) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4660. A communication from the Coun-sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Mort-gage Servicing Rules Under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z)’’ (RIN3170–AA75) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4661. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Jefferson Parish, LA, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4662. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Cameron County, TX, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4663. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (DeSoto County, MS, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4664. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Vernon Parish, LA, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4665. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4666. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Annual Performance Plan and Report’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4667. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 2018 Annual Performance Plan and Report’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4668. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4669. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notice of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4670. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the Mint, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4671. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of the Comptrol-ler’s 2017 Office of Minority and Women In-clusion Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4672. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Council’s 2017 Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4673. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the des-ignation as an emergency requirement all funding so designated by the Congress in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, for the accounts referenced in section 7058(d); to the Committee on the Budget. EC–4674. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the des-ignation for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism all funding (including the rescission of funds) and con-tributions from foreign governments so des-ignated by the Congress in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, for the enclosed list of accounts; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. EC–4675. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Essential Reli-ability Services and the Evolving Bulk- Power System—Primary Frequency Re-sponse’’ ((RIN1902–AF20) (Docket No. RM16– 6–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4676. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Land and Minerals Man-agement, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fifth Biennial Report to Congress: Esti-mates of Natural Gas and Oil Reserves, Re-serves Growth, and Undiscovered Resources in Federal and State Waters off the Coasts of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ala-bama’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10AP6.026 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2036 April 10, 2018 
EC–4677. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Redesig-nation of the Chicago and Granite City Areas to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9975–93–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4678. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Reasonably Available Control Technology for Cement Kilns, Revisions to Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Plant and Natural Gas Compression Station Regulations, and Re-moval of Nitrogen Oxides Reduction and Trading Program Replaced by Other Pro-grams and Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9975–82– Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4679. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9975–72–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4680. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Florida; Sta-tionary Emissions Monitoring’’ (FRL No. 9976–17–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4681. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; KY: Removal of Reliance on Reformulated Gasoline in the Kentucky Portion of the Cincinnati-Ham-ilton Area’’ (FRL No. 9976–20–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4682. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Approval of Recordkeeping and Reporting Requirements and Single Source Order’’ (FRL No. 9975–79–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4683. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Interstate Transport Require-ments for the 2010 1-Hour Sulfur Dioxide Standard’’ (FRL No. 9976–30–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4684. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Maryland; Control of Emissions from Exist-ing Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incinerator Units’’ (FRL No. 9976–31–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4685. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Northern Sierra Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9976–08–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4686. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, San Diego County Air Pollution Con-trol District’’ (FRL No. 9975–66–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4687. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9975–65–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4688. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Infrastructure SIP Re-quirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide and the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards; Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9976–09–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4689. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Delaware; State Implementation Plan for Interstate Trans-port for the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9975–85–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4690. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Infrastructure and Interstate Transport for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standard and Revised Statutes’’ (FRL No. 9975–60–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4691. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Pennsylvania’s Adoption of Control Techniques Guidelines for Automobile and Light-Duty Truck Assembly Coatings’’ (FRL No. 9975–86–Region 3) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4692. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standards’’ (FRL No. 9975–88–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4693. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Colorado; Control of Emissions from Existing Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9975–39– Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4694. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Revisions; Salt River Pima- Maricopa Indian Community; Navajo Nation, California; Correcting Amendments’’ (FRL No. 9975–96–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4695. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Montana; Revisions to East Helena Lead SIP’’ (FRL No. 9975–63–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4696. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Agency’s Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018 through 2022; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4697. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the notification of the Presi-dent’s intent to suspend the application of duty-free treatment to all African Growth and Opportunity-eligible goods in the ap-parel sector for the Republic of Rwanda; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4698. A communication from the Regu-lations Writer, Office of Regulations and Re-ports Clearance, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Expira-tion Dates for Two Body System Listings’’ (RIN0960–AI18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4699. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.007 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2037 April 10, 2018 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-quirements for Submissions Requesting Ex-clusions from the Remedies Instituted in Presidential Proclamations Adjusting Im-ports of Steel into the United States and Ad-justing Imports of Aluminum into the United States; and the filing of Objections to Submitted Exclusion Requests for Steel and Aluminum’’ (RIN0694–AH55) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4700. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifications to Rev. Proc. 2015–36 and Rev. Proc. 2017–41’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–21) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4701. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Con-trolled Group Research Credit’’ (RIN 1545– BL76) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4702. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transitional Guid-ance Under 162(f) and 6050X with Respect to Certain Fines, Penalties, and Other Amounts’’ (Notice 2018–23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4703. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost, and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organi-zation (QIO) Program for Medicare Bene-ficiaries for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4704. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Prevention and Reduction of Underage Drinking’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4705. A communication from the Dep-uty White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Education, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4706. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Ter-minated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Parts 4022 and 4044) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4707. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2016 Re-port to Congress on the Comprehensive Com-munity Mental Health Services for Children with Serious Emotional Disturbances’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4708. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the As-sisted Outpatient Treatment (AOT) Grant Program for fiscal year 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4709. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the implementation of the Age Discrimina-tion Act of 1975 for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4710. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–274, ‘‘Ann Hughes Hargrove Park Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4711. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–275, ‘‘Dining with Dogs Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4712. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–276, ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4713. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–277, ‘‘Disability Services Re-form Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4714. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–278, ‘‘Fair Elections Amend-ment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4715. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–279, ‘‘Workforce Development System Transparency Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4716. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–280, ‘‘Adult Career Pathways Task Force Expansion Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4717. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–281, ‘‘Health Care Provider Facility Expansion Program Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4718. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–282, ‘‘School Health Innova-tions Grant Program Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4719. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2017 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4720. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4721. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4722. A communication from the Equal Employment Opportunity Director, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4723. A communication from the Equal Employment Opportunity and Inclusion Di-rector, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4724. A communication from the Direc-tor, Equal Employment Opportunities and Diversity Programs, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4725. A communication from the Diver-sity and Inclusion Programs Director, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4726. A communication from the Acting Director of Equal Employment Opportunity, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s 2017 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4727. A communication from the Staff Director, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4728. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Legislation Inter-governmental and Public Affairs, Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director, Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency, received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.009 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2038 April 10, 2018 
EC–4729. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bureau’s fiscal year 2017 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act) and a report entitled ‘‘Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) program status report for fiscal year (FY) 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4730. A communication from the Chief Human Resources Officer, United States Postal Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Postal Service’s fiscal year 2017 an-nual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4731. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Pen-alty Adjustments for Inflation’’ (RIN1601– AA80) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4732. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director of the In-dian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4733. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the seventh annual re-port relative to the Department of Justice’s activities regarding pre-1980 racially moti-vated homicides, as required by the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007 and Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4734. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the seventh annual re-port relative to the Department of Justice’s activities regarding pre-1980 racially moti-vated homicides, as required by the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007 and Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4735. A communication from the Chief of the Pricing Policy Division, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund, ETC Annual Reports and Cer-tifications, Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime’’ ((WC Docket Nos. 10– 90, 14–58, and CC Docket No, 01–92) (FCC 18– 13)) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on March 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4736. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Monetary Threshold for Reporting Rail Equipment Accidents/Incidents for Calendar Year 2018’’ (RIN2130–ZA16) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4737. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Parts 74, 76 and 78 of the Commis-sion’s Rules regarding Maintenance of Copies of FCC Rules’’ ((MB Docket No. 17–231) (FCC 18–16)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4738. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic Region; Temporary Measures to Re-duce Overfishing of Golden Tilefish’’ (RIN0648–BH15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4739. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0713)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4740. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9074)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4741. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0109)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4742. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9519)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4743. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0826)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4744. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5019)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4745. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0806)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4746. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0527)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4747. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0774)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4748. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9067)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4749. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0766)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4750. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0900)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4751. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pilatus Aircraft Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1079)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4752. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.012 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2039 April 10, 2018 
Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1184)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4753. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0020)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4754. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1166)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4755. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0909)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4756. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited Air-space’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1038)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4757. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1021)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4758. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1025)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4759. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; AgustaWestland S.p.A. Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0111)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4760. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9435)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4761. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0103)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4762. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0084)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4763. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Berlin, NH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0848)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4764. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Centerville, MD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0822)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4765. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Moundsville, WV’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0848)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4766. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Selinsgrove, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0839)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4767. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Hanford, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0856)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4768. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Rangely, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0972)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4769. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Greenville, NC’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0801)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4770. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (86) Amdt. No. 3788’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4771. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (38); Amdt. No. 3787’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4772. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendments; Amendment No. 538’’ (RIN2120– AA63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4773. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rotorcraft Pilot Compartment View’’ (RIN2120–AK91) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–190. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to taxation of pen-sion disbursements; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.013 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2040 April 10, 2018 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 1404. A bill to provide for the convey-ance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona (Rept. No. 115–222). H.R. 1500. A bill to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 223). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 2636. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a community action opioid response grant pro-gram; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. R EED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. 2637. A bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality meas-ures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2638. A bill to require the Secretary of State to seek to negotiate the elimination of all foreign subsidies for international postal shipments to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2639. A bill to require the Federal Trade Commission to establish privacy protections for customers of online edge providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2640. A bill to require operators that pro-vide online and similar services to edu-cational agencies, institutions, or programs to protect the privacy and security of per-sonally identifiable information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 2641. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act to improve the requirement to purchase domestic com-modities or products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 2642. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to establish a pilot program for Jobs Plus Recovery pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 2643. A bill to clarify the effect of cer-tain final rules and determinations of the Environmental Protection Agency relating to greenhouse gas emissions standards for light-duty vehicles; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. Res. 453. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 9 through April 13, 2018, as ‘‘National Assist-ant Principals Week’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. Res. 454. A resolution relative to the death of Zell Bryan Miller, the former Gov-ernor and Senator of the State of Georgia; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. MCCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 455. A resolution relative to the death of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka, Senator from the State of Hawaii; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Res. 456. A resolution to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 130, a bill to require en-forcement against misbranded milk al-ternatives. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that mer-chandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and to re-quire the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and for other purposes. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to de-velop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among fire-fighters. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordinated care to children with complex medical condi-tions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.017 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2041 April 10, 2018 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychol-ogist services under the Medicare pro-gram. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 1006 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1006, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion on the basis of sex, gender iden-tity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1250 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1250, a bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to im-prove the recruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Serv-ice, restore accountability in the In-dian Health Service, improve health services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1386 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1386, a bill to permit em-ployees to request changes to their work schedules without fear of retalia-tion and to ensure that employers con-sider these requests, and to require em-ployers to provide more predictable and stable schedules for employees in certain occupations with evidence of unpredictable and unstable scheduling practices that negatively affect em-ployees, and for other purposes. S. 1518 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1518, a bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to enter into contracts with industry intermediaries for purposes of promoting the develop-ment of and access to apprenticeships in the technology sector, and for other purposes. 
S. 1935 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1935, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat Indian tribal governments in the same manner as State governments for certain Federal tax purposes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1945, a bill to regulate large ca-pacity ammunition feeding devices. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to establish a tiered hiring preference for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2236, a bill to require covered discrimination and covered harassment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. 2416 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Sen-ator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2416, a bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code, to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uni-formed services for certain benefits. 
S. 2430 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2430, a bill to pro-vide a permanent appropriation of funds for the payment of death gratu-ities and related benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropriations. S. 2471 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2471, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve the compassionate release process of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes. 
S. 2515 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2515, a bill to amend the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assist-ance Act to provide further self-govern-ance by Indian Tribes, and for other purposes. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2584, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2635 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2635, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act to modify the offenses relating to fentanyl, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 355 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 355, a resolution improving proce-dures for the consideration of nomina-tions in the Senate. 
S. RES. 407 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 407, a resolu-tion recognizing the critical work of human rights defenders in promoting human rights, the rule of law, democ-racy, and good governance. 
S. RES. 424 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 424, a resolution honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.020 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2042 April 10, 2018 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2640. A bill to require operators that provide online and similar serv-ices to educational agencies, institu-tions, or programs to protect the pri-vacy and security of personally identi-fiable information, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, later today the CEO of Facebook will come before the U.S. Senate to discuss Facebook’s leak of the data of an esti-mated 87 million users. As someone who personally spent over a decade in the technology busi-ness and cloud computing, I know how important tech jobs are. I know how important internet connectivity is and how important social media is to our growing economy. But I am also the father of four chil-dren, and I know the importance of en-suring that as technology continues to rapidly evolve, our children’s security and privacy must be protected. In fact, recently in Montana we had a breach of our children’s data at Kalispell Middle School. That is why today I am re-introducing the SAFE KIDS Act. This bill prohibits websites and pro-grams that are designed for students ranging from pre-K to the 12th grade from selling or disclosing our chil-dren’s personal information. It takes the control of our students’ data away from operators and places it back where it should be, in the hands of par-ents and the students themselves. This is a smart, timely, and important bill. Our children’s information shouldn’t be used and abused, and I encourage and ask my colleagues to join me in support of the SAFE KIDS Act. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. J ONES ): S. 2642. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to establish a pilot program for Jobs Plus Recovery programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, the opioid and addiction epidemic continues to devastate communities across our country today. One of the greatest challenges for the 21 million Americans currently impacted by substance use disorder is to obtain and maintain em-ployment while sustaining recovery. For the benefit of our Nation, we must work to implement interventions to improve employment rates among this chronically unemployed and under-employed population in treatment and recovery. Research demonstrates that align-ment of job training and treatment services improves employment attain-ment, employee earnings, and sub-stance use disorder treatment out-comes, including lower rates of relapse. By holding a job, an individual estab-lishes a legal source of income, struc-tured use of time, and improved self-es-teem, which in term may reduce sub-stance use and boost our economy. The Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act (WIOA) is the major source of Federal support for workforce development. WIOA programs provide education and training services to pre-pare individuals for work and to help them improve their prospects in the labor market through job search assist-ance, career counseling, occupational skill training, classroom training, or on-the-job training; however, no dedi-cated funding currently exists to inte-grate workforce training into recovery and treatment services to enable indi-viduals to secure and maintain stable employment. Participants enrolled in WIOA—beyond core service—achieve an adult entered employment rate overall of 82%, which rises to 87% for on-the- job training and apprenticeship. I am pleased to introduce today with my colleagues, Senator YOUNG and Senator J
ONES , the Jobs Plus Recovery Act, which addresses barriers individ-uals in treatment face when seeking employment opportunities. The Jobs Plus Recovery Act amends WIOA to empower our primary workforce devel-opment driver to better support the needs of individuals with substance use disorders by including them in the defi-nition of an individual with a barrier to employment. The bill also supports partnerships between substance use disorder treatment and recovery pro-viders, education providers, and job services providers, such as the Amer-ican Job Centers established in WIOA, to improve worker training, employ-ment opportunity and retention for in-dividuals in recovery. Throughout my time as a public serv-ant, I have remained committed to en-suring our Nation’s workforce is as strong as possible. Virginia businesses continue to share their desperate need for more applicants with the necessary skills to thrive in their industries. I am proud to introduce this commonsense, bipartisan legislation to provide crit-ical support services to equip workers with the training and supports nec-essary to gain and retain meaningful employment. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 453—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF APRIL 9 THROUGH APRIL 13, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ASSISTANT PRIN-CIPALS WEEK’’ Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 453 Whereas the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NASSP’’), the National Asso-ciation of Elementary School Principals, and the American Federation of School Adminis-trators have designated the week of April 9 through April 13, 2018, as ‘‘National Assist-ant Principals Week’’; Whereas an assistant principal, as a mem-ber of the school administration, interacts with many sectors of the school community, including support staff, instructional staff, students, and parents; Whereas assistant principals are respon-sible for establishing a positive learning en-vironment and building strong relationships between school and community; Whereas assistant principals play a pivotal role in the instructional leadership of their schools by supervising student instruction, mentoring teachers, recognizing the achieve-ments of staff, encouraging collaboration among staff, ensuring the implementation of best practices, monitoring student achieve-ment and progress, facilitating and modeling data-driven decision making to inform in-struction, and guiding the direction of tar-geted intervention and school improvement; Whereas the day-to-day logistical oper-ations of schools require assistant principals to monitor and address facility needs, at-tendance, transportation issues, and sched-uling challenges, as well as to supervise extra- and co-curricular events; Whereas assistant principals are entrusted with maintaining an inviting, safe, and or-derly school environment that supports the growth and achievement of each and every student by nurturing positive peer relation-ships, recognizing student achievement, me-diating conflicts, analyzing behavior pat-terns, providing interventions, and, when necessary, taking disciplinary actions; Whereas, since its establishment in 2004, the NASSP National Assistant Principal of the Year Program recognizes outstanding middle and high school assistant principals who demonstrate success in leadership, cur-riculum, and personalization; and Whereas the week of April 9 through April 13, 2018, is an appropriate week to designate as National Assistant Principals Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of April 9 through April 13, 2018, as ‘‘National Assist-ant Principals Week’’; (2) honors the contributions of assistant principals to the success of students in the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Assistant Prin-cipals Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the role played by assistant principals in school lead-ership and ensuring that every child has ac-cess to a high-quality education. f SENATE RESOLUTION 454—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF ZELL BRYAN MILLER, THE FORMER GOVERNOR AND SENATOR OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.023 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2043 April 10, 2018 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 454 Whereas Zell Bryan Miller (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Zell Miller’’) was born to Stephen Grady Miller and Birdie Bryan Mil-ler (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Birdie Miller’’) on February 24, 1932, in Young Har-ris, Georgia; Whereas Stephen Grady Miller died when Zell Miller was 17 days old; Whereas Birdie Miller, a new mother and widow, raised Zell Miller alone in a home that she built for herself and for Zell Miller with rocks from a nearby stream in Young Harris; Whereas Zell Miller grew up in Young Har-ris and graduated from Young Harris College in 1951; Whereas Zell Miller served in the Marine Corps from 1953 to 1956 and rose to the rank of sergeant; Whereas Zell Miller credited his success to the discipline that he learned as a Marine and the independence that he learned from Birdie Miller; Whereas, on January 14, 1954, Zell Miller met his wife Shirley Carver, to whom Zell Miller was married for 64 years and with whom Zell Miller had 2 sons; Whereas Zell Miller obtained a master’s degree in history from the University of Georgia in 1958 and returned to Young Harris to begin a long career as an educator; Whereas Zell Miller served as mayor of Young Harris from 1959 to 1960; Whereas Zell Miller served as a Georgia State Senator from 1961 to 1964; Whereas Zell Miller was a member of the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles from 1973 to 1975; Whereas Zell Miller served as Lieutenant Governor of the State of Georgia for 16 years, and was the longest-serving lieuten-ant governor in the history of the State of Georgia; Whereas, on January 14, 1991, Zell Miller was sworn in as the 79th Governor of the State of Georgia and served the State for 2 4- year terms; Whereas, as Governor of the State of Geor-gia, Zell Miller— (1) in 1992, created the Helping Outstanding Pupils Educationally scholarship, known today as the ‘‘HOPE’’ scholarship, which has enabled more than 1,800,000 students to at-tend college in the State of Georgia; (2) in 1993, launched the first pre-kinder-garten program in the United States, which became a national model for early childhood development programs; (3) in 1996, welcomed the Olympic summer games to Atlanta, Georgia; (4) in 1998, led Georgia to be first among 50 states in academic-based student financial aid due to ‘‘HOPE’’ scholarships; and (5) on leaving office in 1999, enjoyed an 85 percent approval rating, which was a record high in the State of Georgia for a governor; Whereas from 1999 to 2000 Zell Miller re-turned to his roots as an educator and held teaching positions at Young Harris College, Emory University, and the University of Georgia; Whereas Zell Miller was appointed to the Senate in 2000 to fill the vacancy created by the passing of former Senator Paul Cover-dell; Whereas Zell Miller was elected to the Sen-ate in a special election in November 2000 to serve out the term through 2005; Whereas, on January 4, 2005, Zell Miller gave a farewell speech on the floor of the Senate; Whereas, in 2008, the Zell B. Miller Learn-ing Center at the University of Georgia was dedicated in honor of Zell Miller; Whereas, in 2011, the Zell Miller Scholar-ship was created by the State Legislature of Georgia; Whereas, in 2014, the Zell and Shirley Mil-ler Library at Young Harris College was dedicated in honor of Zell Miller and Shirley Miller; Whereas, in 2016, the Miller Institute was established to preserve, promote, and con-tinue the legacy of Zell Miller; Whereas Zell Miller was a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees at Young Harris College and a member of the Board of Trust-ees at Mercer University; Whereas, at the time of his death, Zell Mil-ler and Shirley Miller resided in Young Har-ris in the same house that Birdie Miller built in the early 1930s; Whereas Zell Miller is survived by his wife of 64 years, his 2 sons, Murphy Carver Miller and Matthew Stephen Miller, 4 grand-children, and 8 great-grandchildren; Whereas the Marine Corps values of patri-otism and loyalty possessed by Zell Miller guided his career in service to the State of Georgia and to the United States; and Whereas the State of Georgia and the United States are deeply indebted to Zell Miller for his passion as an educator, lifelong dedication to public service, and commit-ment to improving the lives of all of the peo-ple in the State of Georgia and in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) extends deepest condolences and grati-tude to the family of Zell Bryan Miller; and (B) honors the legacy and life of Zell Bryan Miller, his commitment to the people of the State of Georgia and the United States, and his service to the Senate; and (2) when the Senate adjourns today, it stands adjourned as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the late Zell Bryan Miller. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 455—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE DANIEL K. AKAKA, SENATOR FROM THE STATE OF HAWAII Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. CARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 455 Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka was first elected to Congress in 1976 and served in the House of Representatives for 13 years and in the Senate for 23 years; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka was the first Senator of Native Hawaiian an-cestry; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka served in the United States Army during World War II; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka studied education at the University of Ha-waii using benefits from the Servicemen’s Readjustment Act of 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘G.I. Bill’’) (58 Stat. 284, chapter 268) and became a teacher and principal in Ha-waii schools; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka served as a member of a number of Senate committees and as the chairman of— (1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; (2) the Committee on Indian Affairs; (3) the Subcommittee on Oversight of Gov-ernment Management, the Federal Work-force, and the District of Columbia of the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs; (4) the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support of the Committee on Armed Services; and (5) the Subcommittees on National Parks and Mineral Resources Development and Production of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka served as the vice-chair of the Senate Demo-cratic Steering and Outreach Committee; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka enacted legislation to provide needed bene-fits to veterans, to protect working families and consumers, to improve government man-agement and support the Federal workforce, to empower Native Hawaiians and other na-tive peoples, to protect the environment and historic sites, to improve infrastructure, and to support exploration and research of outer space and the oceans of the earth; Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka served with great humility, faith, integrity, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.027 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2044 April 10, 2018 
and love of his family, the State of Hawaii, and the United States; and Whereas the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka personified the spirit of aloha, and rep-resented and epitomized the people of the State of Hawaii: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka, Senator from the State of Hawaii; and (B) respectfully requests that the Sec-retary of the Senate communicate this reso-lution to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka; and (2) when the Senate adjourns on the date of adoption of this resolution, it stands ad-journed as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased Senator. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 456—TO CON-STITUTE THE MAJORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 456 Resolved, That the following shall con-stitute the majority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
ANDFORESTRY : Mr. Roberts, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hoeven, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Thune, Mr. Daines, Mr. Perdue, Mrs. Fischer, Mrs. Hyde-Smith. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. Shelby (Chairman), Mr. McConnell, Mr. Alexander, Ms. Collins, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Graham, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Moran, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Booz-man, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Rubio, Mrs. Hyde-Smith. C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : Mr. Blunt (Chairman), Mr. McConnell, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer, Mrs. Hyde-Smith. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 2:15 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Facebook, Social Media Privacy, and the Use and Abuse of Data.’’ COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 2:15 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Facebook, Social Media Pri-vacy, and Use and Abuse of Data’’. 
COMMITTEE HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND 
PENSIONS  
The Committee Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomina-tion of Sharon Fast Gustafson, of Vir-ginia, to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
The Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environment and Public Works is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cooperative Federalism Under the Clean Air Act: State Perspectives.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE , 
TRANSNATIONAL CRIME , CIVILIAN SECURITY , 
DEMOCRACY , HUMAN RIGHTS , AND GLOBAL  
WOMEN ’S ISSUES  
The Subcommittee on Western Hemi-sphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Summit of the Americas: A Regional Strategy for Democratic Governance Against Corruption in the Hemi-sphere.’’ 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF ZELL BRYAN MILLER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 454, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 454) relative to the death of Zell Bryan Miller, the former Gov-ernor and Senator of the State of Georgia. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 454) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE DANIEL K. AKAKA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 455, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 455) relative to the death of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka, Senator from the State of Hawaii. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 455) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
TO CONSTITUTE THE MAJORITY PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 456, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 456) to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 456) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
MILITARY RETIREE APPRECIATION DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP6.028 S10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2045 April 10, 2018 
further consideration of S. Res. 377 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 377) recognizing the importance of paying tribute to those indi-viduals who have faithfully served and re-tired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Mili-tary Retiree Appreciation Day,’’ and encour-aging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of mili-tary retirees to their local communities and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 377) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of January 23, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Ring nomination under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res. 454 and S. Res. 455 as a further mark of respect to the late Senators Zell Miller of Georgia and Daniel Akaka of Hawaii. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:25 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 11, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
JUSTIN GEORGE MUZINICH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE DEP-UTY SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN. 
UNITED STATES TAX COURT  
EMIN TORO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES TAX COURT FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE JOSEPH ROBERT GOEKE, TERM EXPIRING. 
THE JUDICIARY  
WENDY WILLIAMS BERGER, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DIS-TRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JOHN E. STEELE, RETIRED. HOLLY A. BRADY, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF INDI-ANA, VICE JOSEPH S. VAN BOKKELEN, RETIRED. ANDREW LYNN BRASHER, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE MARK E. FULLER, RESIGNED. BRITT CAGLE GRANT, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE JULIE E. CARNES, RETIRING. JOHN M. O’CONNOR, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN, EASTERN AND WESTERN DISTRICTS OF OKLAHOMA, VICE JAMES H. PAYNE, RETIRED. LANCE E. WALKER, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE, VICE JOHN A. WOODCOCK, JR., RETIRED. ALLEN COTHREL WINSOR, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE ROBERT L. HINKLE, RETIRED. PATRICK R. WYRICK, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLAHOMA, VICE DAVID L. RUSSELL, RETIRED. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES G. CHIAROTTI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JAMES F. HUGGINS II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MITCHELL P. KREUZE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SHERYL L. ANTHOS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DENNY L. ROZENBERG 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 10, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
CLARIA HORN BOOM, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN AND WEST-ERN DISTRICTS OF KENTUCKY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\S10AP8.REC S10AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE409 April 10, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE ELKINS 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Steve Elkins, a civil rights pioneer, an advocate for our state’s LGBTQ community, and a dec-ades-long fighter for hope and inclusivity for all Delaware families. In 1991, Steve co-founded Create a More Positive Rehoboth, more commonly known as CAMP Rehoboth, to counteract anti-LGBTQ discrimination by bringing neighbors together and building bridges of compassion and un-derstanding between people of all back-grounds. The non-profit, which began as a humble newsletter, evolved into a sprawling community center on Baltimore Avenue with numerous community programs, including screenings for sexually transmitted diseases, mental health counseling, and cultural sensi-tivity training for city and park police. For over 25 years, Steve and the CAMP Rehoboth fam-ily helped thousands by breaking down bar-riers and providing much-needed community support services to Delaware’s LGBTQ com-munity. Alongside his partner of 40 years, Murray Archibald, the pair pressed for marriage equal-ity, supported HIV/AIDs research, and cham-pioned the right to live and love freely. On Steve’s birthday, July 2, 2009, he took part in history as then-Governor Jack Markell signed Senate Bill 121, which outlawed discrimination based on sexual orientation at the CAMP Re-hoboth Center, a nod to the far-reaching im-pact of the center and Steve’s life work. Steve and Murray were also an integral part of ush-ering in a new era of equality for the LGBTQ community as Delaware became the 11th state to legalize same-sex marriage in 2013. We are heartbroken by the loss of a de-voted advocate and unwavering voice for in-clusion, love, and respect. He fought an ag-gressive form of lymphoma with the same bravery he fought for the rights of so many in our great state. Steve will be remembered for his commitment to justice and equality for all, his decades of service and advocacy for Dela-ware’s LGBTQ community, and the joy he brought to the lives of so many. Steve was a positive force for good, and the kind of friend who could put a smile on your face even in the darkest of times. I will remember him for his loving and uplifting spirit and will do my part to ensure his legacy lives on. HONORING COACH ANN LUETKE-MEYER-GULSHEN ON HER INDUC-TION INTO THE MISSOURI SPORTS HALL OF FAME HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Coach Ann Luetkemeyer-Gulshen, on her induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame on March 28, 2018. The fall of 1975 was an important year for Coach Gulshen. As she entered her senior year of high school in Eldon, she had the op-portunity to play on the inaugural volleyball team, which would ultimately shape Coach Gulshen’s entire future. After high school grad-uation in 1976, Coach Gulshen earned a bachelor’s in physical education from the Uni-versity of Missouri. A few years later into her career, she obtained her master’s degree also from the University of Missouri. As the daugh-ter of Vic and Jane Luetkemeyer, Coach Gulshen had been part of the Eldon commu-nity since her childhood. With strong ties to her community, it was a natural fit to come back to her hometown to begin her volleyball coaching career. Coach Gulshen’s record is an impressive one that includes 29 seasons as a high school volleyball coach, 16 of those seasons being at Eldon High School and 13 at Camdenton High School. During her coaching career, she won 704 matches which led to being among the top five most winningest teams in Missouri state history. Coach Gulshen built Eldon High School’s volleyball program into a winner and guided the Mustangs to eight consecutive final fours in Class 3 between 1986 and 1993. In 1991, the Mustangs won the state champion-ship. Under Coach Gulshen, Eldon High School won 16 conference titles and 15 district championships. In 1997, Coach Gulshen began teaching at Camdenton, and in 1998 she was asked to coach their volleyball team. From 1998 to 2010, the Lakers won three dis-trict championships and four conference championships. Coach Gulshen set the teams up for suc-cess, pushing them to become teammates and not just individuals. She would encourage her teams to go on summer float trips, team camps, and any other team building activities. Throughout the years, she gained the respect of the players on her teams. Many of the play-ers say Coach Gulshen helped prepare them for life’s challenges and some of them have gone on to become coaches themselves. Coach Gulshen says: ‘‘This (induction) is not about me. This is about them. All of them had a hand in it’’. Throughout her coaching career, Coach Gulshen continuously had the support of her husband, Bart and sons Jay and Kyle. Please join me in congratulating Coach Ann Gulshen for all of her hard work and dedica-tion that resulted in this induction into the Mis-souri Sports Hall of Fame. This induction is well deserved. f 
RETIREMENT OF STEPHEN NADRAMIA 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay gratitude to Stephen Nadramia for his sterling career in the United States Marshals Service (USMS). After serving his country in the U.S. Army for four years, Stephen was honorably dis-charged and joined the USMS in October 1988. He started his career as a Deputy U.S. Marshal in the Eastern District of New York, where he would serve for the rest of his ca-reer. Throughout his 30-year career, Stephen has done everything from enforcing court or-ders to working on judicial security details. He has distinguished himself throughout his ca-reer by reaching milestones many hope to achieve. In 2000, Stephen was the first Marshal to handle a K9 in the Eastern District. Over the past 30 years, he has served alongside three different K9s. His first K9, Roni, assisted him with search and recovery efforts on Sep-tember 11, 2001. Gala, his second K9, aided him in securing courtrooms during high-profile trials where security is traditionally heightened. Lastly, his final K9, MacDuff, protected Pope Francis when he visited Washington, D.C. to address Congress. His experience with K9s enabled him to secure various sites and func-tions successfully. They also assisted in ap-prehending escaped violent felons throughout his time on the job. Mr. Speaker, Stephen Nadramia is the per-sonification of a dedicated law enforcement of-ficial. His years of service to his community and country will not be forgotten. I hope he enjoys his long retirement with his wife, Erika, and I wish him all the best. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF STEVEN LINDO HALL 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in remem-brance of Steven Lindo Hall from High Point, North Carolina. As we honor the life of Steven Hall, I offer my deepest condolences to his colleagues, family, and friends. During his senior year of high school, Steve joined the U.S. Army Reserves out of a deep love for his country and abiding desire to serve. He graduated in 1981 from T. Wingate Andrews High School, where he played and then attended the University of North Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.001 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE410 April 10, 2018 
at Charlotte. On September 12, 1987, he mar-ried the love of his life, Jennifer Mowery Hall. She supported him through all his endeavors, as he was her strength in a picture of Christ’s love for the church as a biblical marriage should be. As busy as he was helping and serving others, he always made time for her. Steven joined the Greensboro Police Depart-ment as his first job after graduating. One of his first assignments at the Department was to the Greensboro Housing PNRC, where he worked to serve the families in underprivileged neighborhoods in the city. While on that as-signment, he worked with the UNCG Pi Kappa Phi, Congressman Howard Coble, and the Po-lice Department to form a youth basketball league in the area. After a time working with the D.A.R.E. drug prevention program, he be-came a School Resource Officer at Western Guilford High School, where he served from 1994 until 2006. During this time, he served a year as the president of the North Carolina Association of School Resource Officers (NCASRO). During his spare time, he worked as a substitute teacher at High Point Central and other local high schools. In 1988, Steve worked with a group of men from the High Point area to found the High Point Little League, where he was a volunteer coach. He also coached at Southwest Guilford High School and at his own high school. He served as an advisor to the UNCG and High Point College chapters of Pi Kappa Phi and as a board member of the Hartley Drive YMCA. He was a member at the High Point Elks Lodge, where he served on the board and eventually became the Exalted Ruler in 2017. He and his wife raised his sons Miller and Tucker in their home on Suncrest Drive. He al-ways encouraged his sons to be active, to vol-unteer and help others, and to be outgoing and kind. He always told them to hold the door for others and clean up messes no mat-ter who made them. He was proud that his children attended Wesleyan Christian Acad-emy and loved going to their various sporting events. He was a member at Christ United Methodist Church, where he often served on the multiple boards and served as a Sunday school teacher and an Upward basketball coach. He attended the church with his family and instilled in them his deep Christian faith. His job as an SRO—and much of his life— was put on hold in 2006 when he received or-ders to deploy to Afghanistan as a part of the War on Terror. He served two tours of duty there between 2006 and 2010. His service in the reserves continued from his enlistment until he retired from the Army in 2014. He worked out his time with the Greensboro Police Department until his retirement in 2013. He spent the remainder of his time with his family. He enjoyed family vacations at Holden Beach, trips to Clemson to watch football games with his older son, and road games where he cheered his younger son on playing lacrosse. He received many awards including the GPD Police Officer of the Year and Knights of Columbus Police Officer of the year. His awards in the U.S. Army include the NATO Afghanistan Service Medal, Joint Serv-ice Commendation Medal, Army Commenda-tion Medal, Army Achievement Medal, US Navy Achievement Medal, Army Good Con-duct Medal, Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and the Bronze Star. Everyone knew Steven by his smile and sense of humor. At every event he was the center of attention, though never by choice. He loved children and devoted most of his service, time, and energy to their safety, well- being, and happiness. He loved his country and was willing to give his life every day for its prosperity. He thought of others before him-self and taught his children to do the same. He cared deeply for his wife, parents, and sib-lings and worked for their security. And he loved God, as everyone who met him could see from the joy in his face. Mr. Speaker, throughout his life Steven Hall showed dedication to his country, community and family. During his service in the United States Army and the Greensboro Police De-partment he demonstrated humility, putting the needs of others before his own. The testimony of Steven embodies the greatest qualities of humanity. The life of Steven Hall encourages us all to exemplify the commandment, not to be served, but to serve. On behalf of North Carolina and the United States of America, we are honored for the faithful service of Steven Lindo Hall. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF STEVEN BOCHCO 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Mr. Steven Bochco—an accomplished Los Angeles tele-vision writer and producer—who passed away on April 1, 2018 at the age of74. Steven was born in New York City on De-cember 16, 1943 to Mimi and Rudolph Bochco, both artists in their own right; his mother was a painter and jewelry designer and his father was a violinist. Steven attended the High School of Music and Art in Manhat-tan and attended New York University for a year before transferring to Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. During summer vaca-tions between his junior and senior year of college, Steven got a job at Universal Tele-vision in Los Angeles, which led to a job and cross country road trip that would forever change his life. During his time at Universal, Steven’s first writing credit came from expanding an already filmed one-hour drama into two hours by add-ing backstory about the characters when they were kids. Steven later remarked that, at the time, he was, ‘‘so naive about the business that it didn’t even occur to me that my name would be up on the screen. Suddenly when this thing was finished and I went to see it, it said, ‘Written by Rod Serling and Steven Bochco.’ That was my first professional writing credit.’’ In 1971, Steven wrote his first 90-minute tel-evision episode for the Steven Spielberg-di-rected installment of Columbo entitled ‘Murder by the Book,’ which led to his first of 34 Emmy nominations and a lasting friendship of 47 years with Mr. Spielberg. After 12 years with Universal, Steven left in 1976 to work for the late television executive, Grant Tinker, at his company MTM Enterprises, where he would develop a ground-breaking show about the personal lives of police officers, Hill Street Blues. Hill Street Blues established broad-caster NBC as a powerhouse on Thursday nights and the shows’ first round of Emmy nominations resulted in being awarded 8 out of 21 nominations. Hill Street Blues would eventually be nominated for 98 Emmy awards during its nearly 150-episode run. After five seasons of Hill Street Blues, Ste-ven was fired from MTM because he refused to sacrifice quality storytelling in order to save on costs. Ever ambitious, Steven turned down an offer to become president of CBS’s enter-tainment division and signed an unprece-dented six-year, 10-series deal with ABC and a deal with 20th Century Fox to create the 15- time Emmy Award winning show, L.A. Law. Steven subsequently founded Steven Bochco Productions and, with David E. Kelly, created the beloved Doogie Howser M.D. with ABC Studios. Later describing the business of hour- long television drama as being ‘in the toilet’ in 1991, Steven set out to create 1992’s criti-cally-acclaimed NYPD Blue which would ulti-mately earn 20 Emmy awards throughout its run. Steven’s prodigious career was defined by the rare creative control he was able to exert on his projects and productions. His portfolio of work has contributed greatly to the canon of American television through the dark and gritty realism he was able to portray about the lives of our country’s public servants and public de-fenders . Steven is survived by his wife of 17 years, Dayna, his children Jesse, Sean and Melissa, his grandchildren Wes and Stevie Rae, and his sister Joanna Frank. May his memory be a blessing to us all. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF BISHOP MAYOR PRO TEM PATRICIA GARDNER 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Bishop Mayor Pro Tem Patricia Gardner, who passed away after a coura-geous battle with cancer. Pat served on the council for six years, and was an active mem-ber in her community throughout her life. Pat moved with her family to Bishop in 1960, when her father was transferred within the California Department of Transportation. Although she left Bishop to attend college, she and her husband returned in 1981. Pat held a graduate degree in physical therapy, and was the owner of Sports Medicine and Rehab Therapy from 1986 to her retirement in 2011. When she wasn’t running a thriving business, Pat remained focused on helping in her com-munity. She was active in the United Meth-odist Church, where she taught Sunday school, and served four terms on the Bishop Union Elementary School District. After her re-tirement, Pat continued her commitment to im-proving her community and ran for Bishop City Council in 2012. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to recognize the tireless work that Pat Gardner undertook to improve Bishop for her friends and neighbors. Her de-termination, grace, and passion for her com-munity will not soon be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.001 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE411 April 10, 2018 
RETIREMENT OF STEVEN NIAMONITAKIS 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Steven Niamonitakis for his outstanding career in the United States Marshals Service (USMS). As a graduate of John Jay Criminal College, Steven always knew that he wanted to serve in law enforcement. Entering the Service in June 1988, he started his career as a Deputy U.S. Marshal in the Eastern District of New York. He would go on to serve his entire ca-reer in the Eastern District. During his 30-year career, Steven has seen and done it all. From transporting and processing prisoners to ar-resting fugitives and handling international ex-traditions, he became one of the most experi-enced Marshals in the USMS. Some of Steven’s career highlights include his service on the John Gotti trial and the court hearings for Juan ‘‘El Chapo’’ Guzman. Furthermore, he was a valued investigator in High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, and his assistance has been vital to combatting the scourge of drugs that have infected countless lives. Additionally, Steven has been crucial in battling copyright violations of movies by se-curing numerous assets involved in these crimes. As his long career comes to an end, I am certain that Steven will enjoy spending his retirement with the people he loves most: his wife, Alane, and his two daughters. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Steven Niamonitakis on his tremendous career in law enforcement. Due to people like him, our na-tion is safe, strong, and secure. I am grateful for his service and wish him a very enjoyable retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PROCTER & GAMBLE AND MATTHEW 25: MINISTRIES 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Procter & Gamble and Matthew 25: Ministries for their efforts to help the flood victims in southern and southwest Ohio. Much of my district in the Ohio River Valley faced widespread damage from flood waters. Following heavy winter rains, the Ohio River surged to its highest level in over two dec-ades. The river that serves as the namesake and lifeblood of my state endangered many of the communities along the river bank. I’m grateful to all those who answered the call to serve: our law enforcement officers, first responders, and state and local government officials, who led the efforts to contain damage and begin the relief efforts. In southern Ohio, we have been blessed to have volunteer organizations and private citi-zens who have come to the aid of flood vic-tims, and who know how to be most helpful. In this, Procter & Gamble and Matthew 25: Ministries are outstanding examples of private partners uniting their resources to provide im-mediate relief in their communities. From personal care to cleaning supplies and laundry services, Procter & Gamble’s donated products were an invaluable help to those dis-placed by, or battling, flooding. Matthew 25: Ministries has been a local leader, offering critical support to victims and disaster relief volunteers. Matthew 25: Ministries and Procter & Gam-ble were among the only entities to respond to the disaster in their communities. Dan, a flood victim just across the river in Kentucky, said that when he received a Procter & Gamble bag with a handwritten note inside, he ‘‘real-ized that someone cared about me when I had nothing.’’ Procter & Gamble and Matthew 25: Min-istries didn’t have to be there, but they were. They are an example of the strong and gen-erous spirit of the people of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, these two organizations have demonstrated that they are truly good neigh-bors and good citizens. On behalf of the House of Representatives, I’d like to thank P&G and Matthew 25: Ministries for coming to the aid of flood victims in southern and south-west Ohio. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TYLER COUNTY DOGWOOD FESTIVAL 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 75th anniversary of the Tyler Coun-ty Dogwood Festival. Since 1940, Tyler Countians have paid trib-ute to the glories of spring and the lovely dog-wood tree by creating each year a growing and more beautiful Dogwood Festival. In 1938, Judge James E. Wheat, founding father of the Dogwood Festival, called a meeting of the state’s leading officials near the Polk and Tyler County line in hopes of enlisting help in pro-moting the completion of U.S. Highway 190. The men and women that attended the meet-ing were so impressed with the beauty of East Texas that Judge Wheat came upon the idea of creating an annual event that would focus attention on the area and bring people to see it. The first festival was held on April 6, 1940 with nearly 300 people in attendance. The second festival, held in 1941, was first to introduce a pageant with a historical theme. Each pageant is still given a theme to this day. There were no festivals during the years of World War II, 1942 through 1945. The third festival was held in 1946 and they have con-tinued to be held on the first Saturday in April. Over the decades, the Dogwood Festival has grown and expanded bringing several thousand visitors from across Texas and out of state to help East Texans celebrate spring-time. Due to the increasing number of horse-back riders who were coming to the county seat of Woodville, TX to join in the Dogwood parade, it was decided they would have a weekend of their own. The first Tyler County Dogwood Festival Western Weekend was held on March 23, 1968. Thousands of trail riders travel to Woodville on horseback and wagon to participate in Western Weekend and strive to preserve the heritage of the East Texas cowboy. Eventually, Western Weekend ex-panded to include a rodeo and western dance. The Dogwood Festival has been a proud tradition for Tyler County for over half a cen-tury. The focus has always been on pre-serving the history and heritage of Tyler Coun-ty while paying tribute to the natural beauty East Texas has to offer. I am proud to call this county my home and am excited to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Tyler County Dog-wood Festival with its 2018 festival, ‘‘Dia-monds and Dogwoods—75 Years of Memo-ries’’. f 
ALLYSA BUCKNER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Allysa Buckner for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Allysa Buckner is a student at Ralston Val-ley High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Allysa Buckner is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Allysa Buckner for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
NOMINEES FOR THE NATIONAL MEDAL FOR MUSEUM AND LI-BRARY SERVICE TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Pueblo City-County Library Dis-trict in Pueblo, Colorado and the Mancos Pub-lic Library in Mancos, Colorado. Both libraries were nominated among 29 finalists for the 2018 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. In addition to being a finalist, Pueblo City-County Library District was awarded one of the 10 medals that are presented annually. The medal is the highest national honor for museums and libraries. They are recognized for their outstanding contributions in the areas of education, civic life engagement, advanced workforce development, and enrichment of cultural and lifelong learning opportunities. Due to the strong leadership of Jon Walker, the Executive Director of the Pueblo City- County Library District and Lee Halberg, the Executive Director of the Mancos Public Li-brary, both libraries make a variety of valuable resources and programs available to the com-munities they serve, which has helped to en-rich the lives of many living in their respective communities. Libraries and museums have historically served as vital resources within our nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.004 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE412 April 10, 2018 
communities by bolstering the economy, aid-ing our schools, and preserving our cultural heritage for future generations. I am proud to see the libraries in Pueblo and Mancos cele-brated on a national platform. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Colorado’s Third Congressional District it is my privilege to honor the Pueblo City-County Library District and the Mancos Public Library for their work as leading library institutions in our state. I have visited the libraries many times and the staff there are true professionals who deserve this recognition. We are thankful for their con-tinued efforts to improve the lives of those liv-ing in the Third Congressional District and I stand with all Colorado in thanking them for their work. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR SERAFINO NOLLETTI OF LOGAN, WEST VIR-GINIA 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Serafino Nolletti and to celebrate his ten years of public service to the city of Logan, West Virginia. I am proud to present him with the key to the city of Logan to thank him for his hard work and dedication to the city and residents of Logan, West Virginia. For the last decade, Mayor Nolletti has dedicated his career to improving his community and showcasing all the city has to offer through events such as the annual Freedom Festival. He has also improved the lives of the people of Logan through his sup-port of vital infrastructure and economic devel-opment projects that have help transform Logan’s economy. Because of his work, the people of Logan have a town and a mayor they can be proud of and count on to be on their side. I congratulate Mayor Nolletti for receiving this prestigious award and for his continued service to the people of Logan and West Vir-ginia. He is a great Mountaineer that rep-resents the best of West Virginia. 
f 
CLARIFYING A SPEECH FROM MARCH 17, 2016 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on March 17, 2016, during the 114th Congress, I intended to say: ‘‘Mr. Speaker, today there are a lot of legal arguments and talk. I want to make sure the American people listening at home and watch-ing at home know exactly what we are talking about here today. ‘‘I want to talk about somebody whose life is on pause, waiting for the DAPA program to clear the courts. The brief that the Repub-licans are seeking to file is the exact opposite. It is saying that DAPA cannot occur. And this gentleman and his family, several of whom are Colorado constituents of mine—just to put a human face on it—show what DAPA means for so many families across our country. ‘‘Mr. Edin Ramos of Colorado—he is pic-tured there next to his three lovely kids and his wife—is a native of Honduras. He has been in the United States for over 13 years. His kids are American citizens, were born here, don’t know any other country. He fled his home country to avoid persecution and ex-tortion at the hands of local, corrupt officials and gangs. ‘‘He is married to a U.S. citizen. They have three young children together. He is a very successful business owner in Colorado. He and his wife employ 12 people. They make in-vestments in their local community. Many rely on them for jobs, for the services they provide. Yet, the lack of any peace of mind prevents families like Edin Ramos’ from reaching their full potential. ‘‘Every day his kids come home from school, and his wife worries over something as minor as a taillight being out or a speeding ticket, that Mr. Ramos could find himself in de-tention for an indefinite period of time, re-moved from his family, or even deported to another country which he doesn’t have any ties to. ‘‘I would also like to talk about the case of Ms. Mercedes Garcia. Mercedes is a long-time resident of my hometown, Boulder, Colorado. Her life has been greatly affected by the arbi-trariness of an immigration system that is im-moral and has lacked meaningful priorities. ‘‘She has been in the United States for close to 20 years. She is the mother of three American children, U.S. citizen children. But you know what happened? Her husband was removed from the United States in 2011 over a traffic citation, forcing her to be the sole pro-vider for her three children. ‘‘Now, Mercedes is undocumented herself, and she fears contact by immigration authori-ties on a daily basis. DAPA was a ray of hope for her. What DAPA would do is provide Mer-cedes with a meaningful level of certainty, the ability to legally seek employment, the ability to provide her family with expanded opportuni-ties here in the U.S., and would help make her American citizen children as successful as they are able to be. ‘‘Her children are just as American as you or me, Mr. Speaker, as is anyone born in the United States. Don’t they deserve to have their mother help them succeed with all the great promises that this country offers? Why can’t we give that certainty to their mother? ‘‘DAPA is a legal, commonsense, lawful ex-ercise of discretion. It is consistent with the actions of Presidents, both Democratic and Republican, for decades. It directs, very sim-ply, with the limited amount of enforcement re-sources we have in the Department of Home-land Security, that we want to focus on remov-ing undocumented immigrants who pose a threat to public safety or national security—not Mr. Ramos, not Ms. Garcia. We want to re-move those who represent a danger or a threat to our country. ‘‘To somehow misfocus those limited re-sources on tearing apart families instead of going after criminals would put the American people at risk. The President has acted to make the American people safer by ensuring that our limited law enforcement resources are focused where they will have the biggest im-pact. ‘‘These policies are very simple. They cre-ate a process for low-priority enforcement im-migrants who come forward, submit to a back-ground check, register, be able to get a provi-sional work permit, and work legally. It en-hances our public safety and national security. ‘‘Yet we hear people from the other side saying: Well, this is something Congress should have done. I agree. This is something Congress should have done. You know what? It is not my fault Congress didn’t do it. ‘‘I have talked about immigration every week and every month here on floor of the House. I cosponsored a comprehensive bill. I signed a discharge petition last Congress to try to bring it forward. Yes, I agree. ‘‘You know what? Congress didn’t do it, Mr. Speaker. And that is on the Republican major-ity that Congress failed to act. ‘‘So the President moved forward with the legal authority he has and that Republican and Democratic Presidents in the past have used to say that Ms. Garcia is not the same risk to this country as a dangerous criminal. ‘‘It is common sense, and it is about time that we move forward with and DACA. ‘‘I reserve the balance of my time.’’ f 
BELEN TZINTZUN CHAVEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Belen Tzintzun Chavez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Belen Tzintzun Chavez is a student at Jef-ferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Belen Tzintzun Chavez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Belen Tzintzun Chavez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE RED BLAZER MEN’S CHORUS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the historic Red Blazer Men’s Chorus, as they celebrate their 70th an-niversary during the 2018 Red Blazer Vari-eties. Over the past seven decades, the nearly 400 members of this group have touched the lives of many in our community and beyond with their talents. In 1948, the Red Blazer Men’s Chorus, for-merly known as the Amherst Glee Club, was founded as part of the Amherst Adult School community education program in conjunction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.004 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE413 April 10, 2018 
with Amherst High School. By 1980 the group became incorporated as an independent not- for-profit organization. The group currently consists of 45 members from all over the Western New York area. With a varied rep-ertoire of music, the Red Blazer Men’s Chorus can perform anything from Barbershop to Broadway, and have sung nearly 800 pieces in total over their illustrious history. For a number of years the Red Blazer Men’s Chorus served as an active member of the Associated Male Choruses of America, in-cluding when they hosted the AMCA Inter-national Big Sing, that brought 42 choruses and their 900 members to Buffalo in 1998. Re-cently, the group has crossed the border to work with the Association of Male Choruses of Ontario. The Red Blazer Men’s Chorus has per-formed in 28 cities across the United States and Canada. Their current lineup of regular events includes the annual spring Red Blazer Variety Series, an annual concert honoring veterans and active servicemembers, and holi-day-themed shows. They continue to find new ways to connect with different audiences. In 2016 they launched a new Senior Citizen Con-cert Series, in which they perform for individ-uals in assisted living facilities who may not be able to go out on their own. Along with that they have worked with a multitude of groups including the from Lockport Male Chorus, Am-herst Symphony Orchestra, and Buffalo Phil-harmonic Orchestra. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the 70th anniversary of the Red Blazer Men’s Chorus during the 2018 Red Blazer Varieties. I commend their talents, lon-gevity, and contributions to the music and art of Western New York. May they experience continued success in all their future endeav-ors. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARIZONA STATE MUSEUM 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Arizona State Museum on its 125th year anniversary. For 125 years, the Ar-izona State Museum has demonstrated an un-wavering commitment to educating the public through guarding, preserving, and studying the State of Arizona’s archaeological resources. Founded in 1893, the Arizona State Mu-seum was one of the nation’s three original university-based museums of archaeology es-tablished in the late 19th century. The muse-um’s researchers are leaders in the field of Southwest archaeology and are sought after internationally for their expertise and groundbreaking research. This gives our desert community a unique opportunity to gain insight about the diverse cultural heritage of Arizona and have meaningful experiences. The Arizona State Museum has been a lead-ing voice advocating for the preservation of cultural artifacts not just in Arizona, but at the national level as well. In July of 1990, Dr. Ray-mond H. Thompson, former Director of the Ari-zona State Museum, testified before the United States Congress as the American As-sociation of Museum’s representative in sup-port of the proposed Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA). NAGPRA was adopted in November 1990, and continues to be a significant piece of leg-islation to preserve Native American cultural items. I am especially grateful for the Museum’s dedication to gathering a comprehensive col-lection that represents the diverse cultural her-itage of the Southwest, including the region’s Native American roots. The Arizona State Mu-seum holds the world’s largest and most com-prehensive collections of Southwest Tribal cul-tures from 13,000 years ago to present, and is home to two large collections of Native Amer-ican pottery and basketry that are federally designated American Treasures. I congratulate the Arizona State Museum on their 125th anniversary and look forward to supporting their continued efforts to preserve and document the cultural artifacts of our great State of Arizona. f 
DANAIS REZA DIAZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Danais Reza Diaz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Danais Reza Diaz is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Danais Reza Diaz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Danais Reza Diaz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING HERRMANN SPETZLER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of my friend, Herrmann Spetzler, who passed away on March 12, 2018, at the age of 70. As the longtime chief executive officer of the Open Door Community Health Centers in Northern California, Herrmann was a vision-ary leader in the field of rural primary health care who improved the lives of thousands of North Coast residents. Born in Nuremberg, Germany in 1948, Herrmann Spetzler immigrated to the United States in 1955. After earning a Bachelor of Science degree from California State Univer-sity, Los Angeles in 1971, Herrmann entered the field of health care and worked to address mental health and alcoholism issues through-out California. He moved to Arcata in 1977 to become chief executive officer of the Hum-boldt Open Door Clinic, a single storefront clinic run by volunteers with a sense of opti-mism. Under Herrmann’s leadership, that clinic grew into thirteen clinic locations in Humboldt and Del Norte counties and became the Open Door Community Health Centers (Open Door), the region’s largest provider of primary med-ical, dental, and mental health care. Along with his wife, Cheyenne who serves as Open Door’s chief of operations, Herrmann transformed Open Door into a Federally Quali-fied Health Center open to all who seek serv-ices, working to overcome financial, geo-graphic and social barriers to care. His goal was for every Open Door clinic to provide a level of service and quality that would allow his grandmother to feel comfortable as a pa-tient there. Through his decades of expanding access to care by building new clinics, incor-porating existing practices in the community, recruiting providers, and fostering an efficient and comprehensive approach to care, Herrmann remained guided by his vision and mission to provide high quality health care to all. He was instrumental in starting a success-ful family nurse practitioner residency program and a new community physician residency program that will help train primary care doc-tors to work in rural settings. One of Herrmann’s greatest strengths was his ability to understand the trends and im-pacts of health care policy on a national, state, and local level and translate that to others. Herrmann served as an advisor to me on pol-icy issues as part of a health care advisory group, where he offered invaluable input. Herrmann surrounding himself with talented and capable people who he empowered to succeed and grow. As a result, Open Door will continue to fulfill its mission and his vision long into the future. Herrmann believed in so-cial justice and treating all people fairly, includ-ing his staff, once taking out a second mort-gage on his own home to make payroll during a particularly lean time. In addition to earning his Master of Arts de-gree in Administration in 1985 from Humboldt State University, Herrmann was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters in 2014. He was active in all things related to health care and served on numerous state-wide boards, in-cluding the California 1115 Medicaid Waiver Renewal Committee, Expanded Access to Pri-mary Care Committee, and Statewide Primary Care Advisory Group, as well as regional boards such as the Clinic Network of Northern California, Humboldt County Community Breast Health Project, and Humboldt Child Care Council. He also cofounded the Cali-fornia Primary Care Association, North Coast Clinics Network, Clinic Mutual Insurance Com-pany, Northern California Rural Round Table, and California State Rural Health Association, amongst others. Herrmann loved to travel with his wife and family, hike and backpack, watch his grand-children play sports, and practice photography. He saw the beauty in everyday interactions and was often seen behind his camera photographing the people and places around him. He had a warmth and candor that im-parted his authenticity and unique perspective on life. Herrmann is survived by his wife, Chey-enne; his children, Gary, Maria, and Gabe, and their families; including grandchildren, nieces, nephews and cousins. Herrmann and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.007 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE414 April 10, 2018 
Cheyenne opened their hearts and home to so many, especially friends of their children and grandchildren, that their extended family was large, including many young children who loved their ‘‘Opa’’ and will miss him dearly. Herrmann Spetzler was a champion of health care whose decades of work resulted in improved access to primary care for thou-sands of residents of rural Northern California. Few leave a legacy as large as Herrmann’s and are as beloved and widely respected. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor Herrmann today for his decades of commitment to the North Coast and express our deepest appre-ciation for his friendship and contributions. His presence will be sorely missed, and his legacy not soon forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PACE SOUTH-EAST MICHIGAN’S NEW FACILITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Southeast Michigan PACE as they open their fourth facility today. As our popu-lation ages, their services become more im-portant than ever. The federal government established the PACE program almost 25 years ago, and Southeast Michigan PACE opened as a col-laboration with Henry Ford Health System. PACE’s program wide mission is to allow sen-iors to age with dignity and remain inde-pendent in their own homes, and every doctor and nurse at PACE seeks to live out that prin-ciple every day. Southeast Michigan PACE currently works out of three facilities and will expand to a fourth this week, greatly expand-ing their reach to seniors throughout the state. PACE serves all Michigan adults age 55 or older who have ongoing healthcare needs and provides the services covered by Medicare and Medicaid as well as tailoring plans to suit individual needs of seniors as seen fit by facil-ity staff. Seniors can expect to have their med-ical and supportive needs met when they visit PACE, and the facilities each house a medical clinic and various recreation areas. The program currently has values of patient service including: extraordinary care, collabo-rative teamwork, inspired achievement, ac-countability, and adaptive growth. PACE is known in our Michigan community and across the country for their well-rounded care, individ-ualized service and consistently meeting each of the values. Their fourth facility will allow for Michigan’s increasing senior population to be provided with PACE’s top-notch service and allow for the elderly to age with dignity and independence. We are grateful for the exem-plary and individualized service provided at Southeastern Michigan PACE and look for-ward to seeing its continued development and effectiveness as they continue to grow their centers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Southeast Michigan PACE as they open a fourth health center to serve our state’s seniors. PACE provides elderly individ-uals with unique care and allows them to age with independence and dignity. CLS AWARDEES TRIBUTE HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Eady James of Eagle, Colorado and Heather Schadt of Durango, Colorado for earning Critical Language Scholarships from the U.S. Department of State, which have al-lowed them to study abroad in China. The Critical Language Scholarship Program is a highly competitive and intensive overseas language and cultural immersion program that is administered through the U.S. Department of State’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. In an increasingly competitive world, this program serves an important purpose by helping American student’s master languages that are deemed critical to national security and economic prosperity. Throughout their time overseas, Eady and Heather were able to increase their language fluency, expand their cultural competency, and share their American values with their Chinese hosts. Both of them have returned to the United States, Eady to Western Kentucky Uni-versity and Heather to Lewis & Clark College, after studying Advanced Chinese in two dif-ferent regions of China. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize these accomplished students for their hard work and academic success. I stand with the residents of Colorado’s Third Congressional District in congratulating Eady and Heather on their achievement, and I wish them luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
DELILAH ROMERO JAMES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Delilah Ro-mero James for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Delilah Romero James is a student at Man-dalay Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Delilah Ro-mero James is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Deli-lah Romero James for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF JOHN CHARLES GIBSON, SENIOR 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Chief John Charles Gibson, Senior for thirty-three and one-half years of dedicated service to the public safety of the citizens of Lemoore, California. Chief Gibson is a lifelong Kings County resi-dent. Born in 1955 to Robert Randell and Doris Elaine Gibson, John grew up in the small farm town of Lemoore, California. He attended Lemoore High School. Chief Gibson’s career with the Lemoore Vol-unteer Fire Department began in 1984, as a Hoseman. That year, he also gained certifi-cation as an Emergency Medical Technician. He later served on the department’s Member-ship and Rating Committees. In 1987, he was assigned as an Engineer and later promoted to Crew Captain, training a crew on fire fight-ing and emergency medical service proce-dures. In 1998, he was promoted to Second Assistant Chief. Chief Gibson was elected and confirmed by the Lemoore City Council as Fire Chief in Oc-tober 2005. During his tenure, Chief Gibson upgraded the department’s firefighting equip-ment and led a program to certify nine Lemoore firefighters as Emergency Medical Technicians. Chief Gibson’s leadership directly improved the standard of living for the citizens of Lemoore. As the Lemoore Volunteer Fire De-partment’s rating for handling emergency serv-ices was upgraded, citizens saw their home-owner’s insurance premiums decrease. During the course of his career with the de-partment, Chief Gibson responded to 16,458 service calls. In retirement, Chief Gibson will be spending more time with his loving family—wife Kim, sons John, Jr. and Paul, and daughter, Patty. He will also continue to operate his welding business he founded in 1980. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Chief John Gibson on his retirement from the Lemoore Volunteer Fire Department and his service to the people of Lemoore, California over the past thirty- three and one-half years. As he embarks on the next chapter of his life, I wish him my ab-solute best. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JUDGE STEPHEN REINHARDT 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Judge Stephen Reinhardt—a beloved husband, father, and grandfather—who passed away on March 29, 2018 at the age of 87. He was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Ninth Circuit. Stephen Reinhardt was born on March 27, 1931 in New York City. Stephen graduated from California’s Pomona College with a de-gree in government and earned his law de-gree from Yale University in 1954. Stephen used his education on behalf of our armed forces and signed up to serve his country as a first lieutenant in the legal counsel’s office of the Air Force. After his service, Stephen prac-ticed entertainment and labor law in California and clerked for the late United States District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.009 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE415 April 10, 2018 
Court judge for the District of Columbia, Luther Youngdahl. Stephen informally advised Cali-fornia Governor Jerry Brown and Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley and was appointed to the Los Angeles Police Commission, which he chaired before his judicial confirmation in 1980. In 1979, Stephen was appointed by Presi-dent Jimmy Carter as a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in California. The last of President Carter’s ap-pointments, Stephen would serve on the Ninth Circuit for 38 years and become the 6th long-est serving judge in the Ninth Circuit’s history. Stephen’s judicial philosophy was defined by his empathy for the underdog, authoring rulings that often sided with the most down- trodden of our citizens. Stephen described this empathy as being inspired by his relationship with his step-grandfather Max Reinhardt, a Jewish filmmaker who had fled the horrors of Nazi Germany and came to America. Some of Stephen’s rulings were later reversed by the Supreme Court, but his steadfast dedication and commitment to creating a more just soci-ety never wavered. When asked if he was upset with the Supreme Court for overturning some of his decisions, Stephen replied, ‘‘Not in the slightest! If they want to take away rights, that’s their privilege. But I’m not going to help them do it.’’ Stephen’s vision of the law empowered the expansion of civil liberties and civil rights. He authored rulings designating California’s over-crowding of prisons as unconstitutional, over-turned a Washington state law prohibiting doc-tors from prescribing medication to help termi-nally ill patients die with dignity, and ruled that certain regulations and restrictions on a wom-an’s ability to access healthcare services was unconstitutionally vague and imposed an undue burden on women. Even though the publication The Weekly Standard would describe Stephen as ‘‘the lib-eral bad boy’’ of the federal judiciary, Ste-phen’s critics admired his ability to transcend political differences and praised his legal rea-soning. Stephen authored the ruling striking down California’s Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriages, writing that the ban ‘‘serves no purpose and has no effect, other than to lessen the status and human dignity of gays and lesbians in California, and to official reclassify their relationships and families as in-ferior to those of opposite-sex couples.’’ The Supreme Court would recognize the right of marriage equality a year later. Stephen is survived by his wife Ramona Ripston, the former director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California, his three children Mark, Justin, Dana, and seven grandchildren whom I hope take comfort in the way Stephen lived his life as a deeply thought-ful, compassionate and moral citizen. May his memory be a blessing to us all. 
f 
ISAAC NAFTZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Isaac Naftz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Isaac Naftz is a student at Pomona High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Isaac Naftz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Isaac Naftz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
HONORING JIM MOYER 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Washington State Univer-sity’s (WSU) Associate Dean of Research, Jim Moyer on his retirement. Jim grew up on a wheat farm near Walla Walla, WA. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in agronomy in 1971 from WSU and a Ph.D. in 1975 from The Pennsylvania State University. After a postdoctoral position at the University of California-Davis, he joined the Department of Plant Pathology at North Caro-lina State University (NCSU) as an assistant professor in 1976. A renowned plant patholo-gist, Mr. Moyer has focused his research on virology—in particular, the population structure and dynamics of tospoviruses. He has made contributions to sweet potato pathology and cultivar development, was awarded a patent for fingerprinting ornamental plant cultivars and is involved in numerous national and international activities. He has served as president of the American Phytopathological Society and is a fellow of that group. He received the Morrison Medal from the U.S. Department of Agriculture-Agri-cultural Research Service and the Alex Laurie Award from the national floral crop industry for his research contributions. In 2013, Jim and his wife Mary returned to Pullman where he serves as Associate Dean of Research for WSU’s College of Agricultural, Human and Natural Resource Sciences. In that position, he works closely with Washing-ton’s Congressional delegation to support the College’s agriculture stakeholders, including securing funding for the newest College of Ag-riculture, Human, and Natural Resource Sciences (CAHNRS) facility the Plant Growth Facility. He worked with stakeholders around the state to support their research needs, tes-tified before the House Agriculture Committee and led the College to the top in USDA re-search and development expenditures in FY 2016. Over the course of his career, Jim has been a strong advocate for the agriculture commu-nity. His knowledge of the field has been vital to the success of the College. Jim’s humble attitude and incredible work ethic speaks to his lasting impression throughout the commu-nity. After retirement from WSU, Jim and Mary are staying in Pullman where they will work on their farm and enjoy time with their children, Joe and his new wife Lauren, and their son Andrew. I would like to thank Jim for all he has done and wish him a happy retirement. And of course, Go Cougs. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE INDIANA MILI-TARY VETERANS HALL OF FAME 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great Hoosier organization, The Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame. On April 5, the organization held the dedication and grand opening of its memorial facility, the only one of its kind in the nation. The Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame is a non-profit organization founded in 2013. Its mission is to publically emphasize the honor brought to our state and nation by the sacrifice of Indiana military veterans and their families. The memorial was built with funding provided by leaders of Indiana’s credit unions across the state and their business partners with funds totaling over $330,000, and stands near the Indiana Department of the American Legion on land that was once Fort Benjamin Harrison. There are currently 161 Hoosiers who have been inducted into the Indiana Military Vet-erans Hall of Fame, including each of the 99 Medal of Honor recipients from Indiana, one U.S. President, three Indiana Governors, and one Indiana Supreme Court Justice. These brave men and women are not alone, they represent the tens of thousands of Hoosiers who have honorably served and made sac-rifices for our country as members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, and Coast Guard. In 2014, I was honored to celebrate the be-ginning of what I believe will be a lasting leg-acy for our servicemen and servicewomen when the inaugural class was inducted into the Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame. At the time, the establishment of a permanent lo-cation to recognize the heroism and sacrifices of Indiana’s men and women in our armed forces was but a vision. Today, this is a reality thanks to the tireless advocacy and work by the organization’s Board of Directors, volun-teers, and supporters. I would also like to rec-ognize the Board Chairman, Colonel Russ Dowden, US Army (Ret.), for inviting me to participate in the project back in 2013 and for his unyielding support of the organization and our veterans. I congratulate all of those who worked to make the Hall of Fame possible, and celebrate the American heroes who keep fight to pre-serve liberty and uphold our Constitution. 
f 
ALICIA SCHINDEWOLF 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alicia Schindewolf for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.013 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE416 April 10, 2018 
Alicia Schindewolf is a student at Everitt Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alicia Schindewolf is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alicia Schindewolf for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING MS. GLORIA LYNN VALDEZ 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Gloria Lynn Valdez of the Department of the Navy, who is retiring after more than 30 years of faithful service to or nation, culminating in her service as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Ship Programs. Ms. Valdez has over 30 years of civilian service with the Department of the Navy. Re-cruited out of the University of New Mexico, she began her Navy career in 1986. Working her way up through the ranks and continually taking on more responsibility, she transitioned to the Naval Sea Systems Command head-quarters in Washington, D.C., the Navy’s larg-est command, and became a senior project engineer in the Fast Attack Submarine Pro-gram Office. In 1996, Ms. Valdez was com-petitively selected for the Commander’s Devel-opment Program, a stepping stone to the Sen-ior Executive Service. In 2000, Ms. Valdez was selected to serve as the Director, Naval and Commercial Con-struction, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, for Research, Development and Ac-quisition, where she had executive oversight of amphibious and auxiliary ship construction programs and overall shipbuilding industrial base matters. In 2002, Ms. Valdez was se-lected to lead the stand up of a new program office to convert strategic nuclear powered ballistic missile submarines to tactical guided missile submarines. She served as the Deputy Program Manager of that office and then be-came the Director of the Shipbuilding, Mod-ernization and Sealift Branch, Office of the As-sistant Secretary of the Navy, Financial Man-agement and Comptroller where she was re-sponsible for the management of all ship-building accounts. Ms. Valdez’s exemplary performance and versatility was acknowledged with her selec-tion to the Senior Executive Service in July 2009 as the Immigration and Customs En-forcement Budget Director in the Department of Homeland Security. She returned to the Navy in January 2010 as the Director of In-vestment and Development Division in the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Fi-nancial Management and Comptroller. In Jan-uary 2012, she became Executive Director, Program Executive Office for Submarines. Ms. Valdez is currently serving as the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Ship Programs. She has executive oversight over an annual budget of $35 billion for all naval shipbuilding and ship weapons systems pro-grams, major ship conversions, and the main-tenance, modernization and disposal of in- service ships and submarines. Ms. Valdez is a great mentor and role model for Hispanics and women seeking posi-tions in the Federal Government. In 2014, she was recognized at the Hispanic Engineers Na-tional Achievement Awards Conference (HENAAC) with the Pioneer Award. Rep-resenting her heritage, women, and the Navy for the opportunities it provides, Ms. Valdez was recognized for achievements as a dedi-cated public servant, senior leader, and engi-neer. Mr. Speaker, it is through the commitment and sacrifice of Americans like Gloria Valdez that our nation is able to strive for the better-ment of mankind. I am proud, as a fellow New Mexican, to thank her and her family for her honorable service to our nation with the United States Navy. I wish her fair winds and fol-lowing seas as she concludes a distinguished career of public service. 
f 
REGARDING THE CHEMICAL AT-TACKS IN SYRIA AND THE PRESIDENT’S IRRESPONSIBLE REMARKS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the President to be more re-sponsive and aware of the heavy con-sequences that weigh behind his comments regarding Syria. Last week, the President’s reckless com-ments of suggesting that it was time to with-draw from Syria emboldened Bashar al-Assad and his regime to launch yet another round of chemical attacks on innocent men, women, and children in the city of Douma. This attack claimed the lives of at least 85 people, majority of them women and children and affected hundreds. I extend my deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims killed or injured by the horrific and unjustifiable use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime against an unarmed civilian population. The world learned through the painful expe-rience of World War I the horror and inhu-manity of chemical weapons, which caused unspeakable suffering and killed indiscrimi-nately as we saw in the 1980s when Saddam Hussein’s regime used them in Iraq’s war with Iran and later against its own people. The international community cannot again let such an attack go unanswered for to do so will embolden other rogue regimes and terror-ists. The President, as Commander in Chief, is charged with the responsibility of deciding when to use military force to protect the nation and its interests. But he does not bear this weighty burden alone. The Constitution wisely provides that it is shared with the Congress, the representatives of the American people. The decisions we make as a country must be measured and wise as countless lives hang in the balance of our actions. f 
TRIBUTE TO GUY JOHNSON 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Guy Johnson, a public servant and administrator. He has retired from public serv-ice in April, 2018. Guy Johnson was the Vil-lage President for the last twelve years of his 20 year tenure on the Village of Shorewood’s Board of Trustees. He has resided in Shorewood for over 34 years. Guy Johnson grew up in Milwaukee and graduated from Marquette University with an Engineering Degree and from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee with a Master’s Degree in Business Administration. He has tirelessly worked on behalf of the Village of Shorewood. Guy was the treasurer of the Shorewood Booster Club and served on the committee that raised the funds for the Shorewood Fitness Center. He is proud of the burgeoning business district, neighborhood ini-tiatives, capital improvements, and access to the lake in the village. Further, Shorewood was the first community in Wisconsin to re-ceive AARP’s Age-Friendly Designation be-cause of its safe, walkable streets; better housing and transportation options; access to key services; and opportunities for residents to participate in civic and community activities. I know for all these reasons and more Guy Johnson regards the Village of Shorewood as a true gem. He and his wife Mary have been together for over 50 years and share a love of service to the community. She is a retired nurse man-ager and president of the Milwaukee Chapter of the Ladies of Charity, a 400 year old orga-nization started by St. Vincent de Paul that works to clothe underprivileged school chil-dren. She graduated from Shorewood High School. They have two sons who attended Shorewood schools from kindergarten through high school. They also have four grand-children. Although he will no longer be at the helm serving as Shorewood Village President, he and Mary will remain living in Shorewood as active members of the community. Mr. Speak-er, Guy Johnson has left a legacy of strong leadership. I am honored to have had the op-portunity to work with him over the years in ways to improve the quality of life of those re-siding in the Village of Shorewood. I am proud to recognize and pay tribute to Mr. Guy John-son. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from his dedi-cated service. 
f 
GABRINA TICOALU 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Gabrina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.012 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE417 April 10, 2018 
Ticoalu for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Gabrina Ticoalu is a student at Oberon Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Gabrina Ticoalu is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Gabrina Ticoalu for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CDR ERIC BROMLEY, USN 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Commander (CDR) Eric Bromley taking command of VRC–40 Rawhides. CDR Bromley began his naval career upon graduating the U.S. Naval Academy in 2000, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in Ocean Engineering. After graduation, he trained as a Naval Aviator and was assigned to VAW–120 Greyhawks based in Norfolk, VA for Fleet Replacement Training. Eric was then assigned to VRC–40 Rawhides in Norfolk, VA to serve as a Detachment Administrative Offi-cer, Schedules Officer, and Assistant Oper-ations Officer. He was later assigned to VA– 120 where he served as an Instructor Pilot, Aircraft Branch Officer, and C–2A Training Of-ficer. CDR Bromley served on board the USS Carl Vinson as a V–4 and V–5 Division Offi-cer, served as ‘‘Top Cat’’ Shooter, and was elected Wardroom President. In 2011, he re-turned to VRC–40 to serve as a Maintenance Officer and Detachment Officer-In-Charge with Detachment Three with the USS Dwight D. Ei-senhower. He also served as a Branch Chief at U.S. Northern Command in Colorado. CDR Bromley currently serves as the Executive Of-ficer for VRC–40 Rawhides after logging over 2,200 flight hours, earning the Navy Achieve-ment Medal, Navy Commendation Medal (3), and Defense Meritorious Service Medal. Eric will be taking command of VRC–40 effective April 27, 2018. Eric served as my Congressional Defense Fellow in 2014. In this role, I relied on CDR Bromley for his subject matter expertise re-garding the United States Navy in critical areas such as training, readiness, and man-ning. His work ethic, servant leadership, and devotion to duty represent what is best in our nation and military. He is respected by his sailors and is deserving of this leadership po-sition. I would like to thank CDR Bromley for his service to the First District of Virginia and the Nation. May God bless Eric, his wife Jenny, and their three children, as they take this next step in their lives. HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF RAYMOND E. FLICKINGER, JR. HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note that while there is record turnover in high level federal government positions, the opposite is true in Barberton, Ohio. For 70 years, the Barberton Finance Direc-tor position has been held by only two men, a father and his son. Raymond E. Flickinger Sr. and Raymond E. Flickinger Jr. have held the purse strings in Barberton all that time. Ray Sr. took office in 1948. In 1978, Ray Jr. became the assistant city finance director. Ray Sr. retired in 1980 and Ray Jr. took over as Director. On March 31, Ray Jr. stepped down from his position. Mayor William Judge whose father also served as Mayor noted that Ray has ‘‘weath-ered storms and kept on top of them.’’ I want to congratulate and thank the Flickingers for two lifetimes of public service. I am inspired by these two dedicated officials who did their duty day after day and met the challenges of serv-ice for so many years. All the best to Ray Flickinger Jr. in retirement. I include in the R
ECORD an article that ap-peared in the The Akron Beacon Journal on March 26. 
FATHER AND SONGUIDED BARBERTON CITYFI-
NANCES FOR 70 Y EARS ; ERAWILLENDTHIS M
ONTH  (By Paula Schleis) B
ARBERTON —For 70 years, the man in charge of the city’s purse strings has an-swered to the name Raymond E. Flickinger. First dad, then son, in a tenure so taken for granted that no one has bothered to chal-lenge either at the ballot since 1968. The era will end on March 31 when Bar-berton Finance Director Raymond E. Flickinger—the younger—retires and hands the city’s ledger over to someone with a dif-ferent name. ‘‘It’s time,’’ Flickinger said, a smile sug-gesting that he’s already counting down the hours. While the elder and the younger both held the same post, their jobs were wildly dif-ferent, covering dramatically different eras as this blue-collar city rose, fell and then embarked on some modern soul-searching. The elder Raymond E. Flickinger was born in 1910—less than two decades after the town was founded—and grew up in the family’s grocery business. Flickinger’s, the store, was once an icon in downtown Barberton. Ray Sr. took his turn on the European front during World War II, participating in the invasion of Normandy. Two years after the war ended, the local Democratic Party asked if he’d run for the open seat of city auditor a post that would later evolve into finance director. He won, took office in 1948 and started on- the-job training. ‘‘Things were a lot simpler then,’’ the younger Flickinger said of his dad’s era. There were payrolls to make and budgets to balance, but ‘‘you didn’t have accounting standards back then.’’ 
SIMPLER BUDGET  Seated in his office, Flickinger pulled an old booklet from a shelf of documents. It was the city budget from 1954, a 28–page pam-phlet itemizing $757,000 in income and ex-penditures. Flickinger compares it to this year’s city budget. Almost $18 million. It takes a nearly 200-page booklet to explain it. Flickinger, the younger, started doing some light bookkeeping for his dad when he was still in high school. ‘‘He paid me out of his own pocket to do things for him,’’ Flickinger said. He never expected it to be his career. ‘‘We didn’t have a plan for me to take over,’’ he said. Yet by 1975, wouldn’t you know it, that’s exactly the course he found himself on. The city hired him as a full-time accountant. By 1978, he was the city’s assistant finance di-rector, his dad’s second in command. ‘‘Nepotism wasn’t an issue back in the day,’’ he chuckled. City Council approved the promotion. No one batted an eye. It was uni-versally accepted that Flickinger, the elder, would groom his son to take over after his own upcoming retirement. In 1980, after 32 years, the elder stepped down, the younger stepped up. No need to change the name on the office door. Ray Sr. was 72 when he retired. He hadn’t been in a hurry. ‘‘He loved working,’’ his son said. ‘‘It was pretty much his life. He was one of those people who could have just worked till he died.’’ But he didn’t. He died in 1998. Barberton was a very different city when Ray Jr. took over. When his father first became auditor, Bar-berton was a manufacturing powerhouse. Its founding was unique in Ohio, an industrial community planned by industrialist Ohio Co-lumbus Barber, who set up half a dozen of his own factories and populated them with tens of thousands of immigrants and Appalachian transplants. But by 1980, the place nicknamed the ‘‘Magic City’’ because of its overnight rise had become a poster child for the Rust Belt. The younger Flickinger helped navigate Barberton through a recession, a period when many cities were going into default. ‘‘It was thought that cities should start following the same accounting standards as private industry,’’ he said. What followed were challenging, time-con-suming and often mind-numbing rules and regulations. Flickinger rolled with the punches, supported by a talented staff that helped his office evolve into a department that needed to know as much law as finance. That’s also about the time that Flickinger decided on a new administrative style: Avoid the limelight at all costs. NATIONAL NEWS  Barberton’s waning fortunes made national news, and Flickinger found himself quoted in a New York Times story about the town’s struggle. The very next day, a representative from a bond rating firm called Flickinger to announce the city was being downgraded be-cause of the story. Flickinger snorted: ‘‘I de-cided I was better off staying in the back-ground. I’m honest and I’ll tell people like it is. But I don’t need to hear myself talk.’’ That’s a trait that came to Mayor Bill Judge’s mind immediately when asked to de-scribe his finance director. ‘‘He does a great job of explaining things, and he’s always been the go-to guy, and for that he should have an ego, a big one,’’ Judge said. ‘‘But he doesn’t have an ego.’’ Barberton gradually started to recover in the 1990s. ‘‘But the more you collect, the more you spend,’’ Flickinger said. Road programs ex-panded. Health care costs rose. EPA stand-ards added to the cost of maintaining a city water and sewer department. Salaries ballooned. In 1954, that little budget pamphlet said $263,000 was spent on the city’s safety forces. In 2018, police and fire will cost residents $11.2 million. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.013 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE418 April 10, 2018 
The street maintenance budget of $69,000 in 1954 has grown to $1.5 million this year. Flickinger said one thing he’s proud of is talking City Council into approving a policy that set a minimum fund balance of 10 per-cent. It was passed in 2008. That means while the city has a nearly $18 million budget this year, it won’t touch almost $1.8 million of that. It’s a sort of built-in rainy day cushion. ‘‘They didn’t have to do that,’’ he said of council’s action. Fred Maurer has known Flickinger most of his life. They were both born in 1952, a few days apart. They attended St. Augustine’s school together. Maurer spent more than 21 years as a city councilman. ‘‘Ray is very methodical, very thorough, very capable,’’ he said. ‘‘He doesn’t care to get into the politics [of his elected office], he’s more nuts and bolts. He’s one of these people who just stays focused on what needs to be done.’’ 
VOTES NEEDED  While Flickinger, a Democrat, never faced Republican opposition in the 10 times he had to seek re-election, Maurer laughed that there was one year Flickinger had to work at getting votes. In the 1980s, voters passed a charter amendment requiring the city fi-nance director have a degree in municipal fi-nancing and a number of years experience in the field. Maurer swears that ‘‘and’’ was supposed to be an ‘‘or.’’ Flickinger did not have a munic-ipal financing degree. He’d spent about 10 years or so, while in office, working on his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Kent State University. But the ballot authors had intended to honor his experience. With Flickinger’s job hanging in the bal-ance, an amended amendment had to be put on the very next ballot. ‘‘I think that’s the one and only time Ray actually had to campaign,’’ Maurer said. The issue passed. 
HITTING THE ROAD  When Flickinger retires at the end of this month, his assistant, Jeremy Flaker, will take over. He’ll have to run in 2019 if he wants to keep the job. Judge said Barberton will face new financial challenges ahead, and he’ll miss the ‘‘level of comfort’’ that comes from having Flickinger at his side. ‘‘He’s lived through tough times before. He’s weathered storms and kept on top of them,’’ Judge said. ‘‘And he has a lot of in-stitutional knowledge. I’m going to miss his insightfulness, his ideas.’’ ‘‘But I told him I’ve got his number and I know where he lives,’’ Judge quipped. That information might not do the mayor a lot of good. Flickinger and his longtime girlfriend plan to sell their home and hit the road in a motor home, starting with a stay in Colo-rado to visit his son, Eric. He’ll be back here from time to time to visit his two daughters—Amy in Wadsworth and Emily in Grafton—but he’s not planning on any permanent residence for the foresee-able future. ‘‘We’re going to be nomads. I can honestly say I don’t know where I’ll be living, but Barberton will always be home,’’ he said. Like his father before him, he loves boat-ing and fishing. But unlike his father, he’s getting out at the age of 65, with plenty of time to do more of both. ‘‘Like I said,’’ he repeated, ‘‘it’s just time.’’ ANISSA ULIBARRI 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Anissa Ulibarri for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Anissa Ulibarri is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Anissa Ulibarri is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Anissa Ulibarri for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY’S 10TH ANNUAL CE´SAR CHA´VEZ DAY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th annual Ce´sar Cha´vez Day of Celebration at Eastern Michigan University. This annual observation allows for the recogni-tion of the campus’ diversity and the life of Mr. Cha´vez. Born in Arizona in 1927, Ce´sar Cha´vez was the child of hardworking Mexican American migrant laborers. He spent most of his early years in migrant camps with his parents, at-tending school sporadically and serving the United States for two years in the Navy. Once he returned, he joined together with Hispanic farmworkers in states including Arizona and California to bargain for better working condi-tions for American workers. Mr. Cha´vez’s work as a leader of the movement implemented in-stitutional change that would forever alter the American workplace. Changes included union recognition as well as the creation of the United Farm Workers of America, which re-mains a prominent union today. Ce ´sar Cha´vez’s lifetime of hard work inspired mil-lions and opened the doors for workers across our nation. Since 2009, Eastern Michigan University has participated in a Ce´sar Cha´vez Day of Celebration, inviting local students, university faculty, and community members to com-memorate his life’s work and its influence today. The University’s event includes poetry reading by local middle schoolers, keynote speakers, mariachi music, and a procession to the Ce´sar Cha´vez Fountain located on cam-pus. Ce´sar Cha´vez Day is an important oppor-tunity for residents of southeastem Michigan to come together and discuss the doors that he opened for students and workers as well as to discuss ways to continue to serve under-served student populations both at Eastern Michigan University and in local K–12 schools. It is my honor to join Eastern Michigan Univer-sity in today’s celebration, and it is my hope that this event will continue to take place in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Eastern Michigan University as they celebrate their 1oth Annual Ce ´sar Cha´vez Day of Celebration. This event allows for important conversations to take place as we celebrate Mr. Cha´vez’s contributions to our country. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF ERIC MARTIN 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible life and career of Eric Martin. Eric, a longtime Buffalo native, will celebrate his retirement from Grand Slam Productions where he worked diligently as an MC and promoter for over 40 years. Eric Martin’s life was centered around fam-ily. As the youngest child of five siblings, he had a close relationship with his mother, Shir-ley Martin. Her saying ‘‘let your actions match your looks’’ was instrumental in forming his outlook on life. His journey in the music industry started at the young age of 16 first working with ‘‘The Exoutics’’ a well-known soul group in the Western New York area. In a continuation of his passion for music Eric worked under the direction of Freedom Train and when he was 18 started spinning records at Sylvester’s Night Club on Fillmore Avenue. Some notable events from Eric’s early career include MC’ing a Maze and Beverly Concert, a Phyllis Hyman show at Shea’s Performing Arts Center, and a Juneteenth festival concert. In addition, Eric has worked with artists such as S.O.S Band, Atlantic Starr, and Loose Ends. However, Eric’s career did not come without its challenges. In his commitment to his pas-sion for music Eric served the city in a variety of other jobs in order to continue his work as a promoter. His hard work has been seen in 22 years with the Buffalo Board of Education, 20 years at Dunlop Tires, 6 years with BFNC and 4 years with Big Brother Big Sister. Eric discusses the challenges posed by minority promoters within Buffalo saying that ‘‘Buffalo’s a very tough market, a lot of establishments aren’t open to black promoters.’’ This has made it even more difficult to gain a foothold in Buffalo’s event and nightlife scene. Despite these challenges Eric Martin retires from a dynamic career in the music industry with renewed hopes of bringing his love of music to a new generation through his wife Tracy and their three children Erica, Eric, and Aaron. His dream being that Buffalo will one day be able to establish a major music fes-tival. Mr. Speaker, I am inspired by Eric Martin’s remarkable commitment to pursue his passion for music. I’m honored to celebrate his retire-ment and hope that he continues to be a driv-ing force in the great city of Buffalo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.021 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE419 April 10, 2018 
EVA VANG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Eva Vang for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Eva Vang is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Eva Vang is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Eva Vang for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JOHN WASEM 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Dr. John Wasem, a veteran and distinguished physician in my district who passed away last month. John Richard Wasem graduated from Deca-tur High School in 1941 and then went on to serve in the United States Army in Germany during World War II. Upon his return, John earned his degree from the National College of Chiropractic in 1952 and worked as a chiro-practor in the Decatur area for decades. Ask anyone in the Decatur community, and they would say that Dr. Wasem is most re-membered for his years of attending the Deca-tur Annual Community Thanksgiving Lunch-eon. For 65 years, Dr. Wasem was a familiar face at the event, which honors those who en-rich the community and who have given gen-erously of themselves to make Decatur a bet-ter place to live. He was a living example of what makes Decatur special. The annual luncheon is an opportunity to give thanks for blessings. Dr. Wasem was cer-tainly one of those blessings. Without his at-tendance, I am positive that this year’s event won’t be the same. I am grateful for his many years of dedication he has shown the commu-nity. He was an inspiration to those that knew him. His legacy at the Decatur Annual Thanks-giving Luncheon will be remembered by many. I know he will be deeply missed. My prayers are with his wife, Alice, their children and many grandchildren during this difficult time. AMERICAN LEGION POST 168 DEDICATION HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the American Legion Post 168 as they dedicate their Post in memory of Army Staff Sergeant (SSG) Justin L. Vasquez for his service to our country in the United States Army. Justin Vasquez was born in Rocky Ford, Colorado and grew up in Manzanola, Colorado until he joined the Army in August 1997. Mr. Vasquez was assigned to the 3rd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment in Fort Carson, Colorado. He was Killed In Action in Baghdad on June 5, 2005, when an improvised explo-sive device detonated near his military vehicle. SSG Vasquez was deployed twice during Op-eration Iraqi Freedom. His friends say he will be remembered for the morale he brought to his unit, for his love for his family, and dedica-tion to his work. Ultimately, he paid the high-est price in service to our Nation. I believe that America’s brave men and women in uniform are the nation’s greatest as-sets. They have made incredible sacrifices for our country and deserve our utmost thanks and honor for their service and sacrifice. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our veterans. They and their families should be commended. On be-half of the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I extend my best wishes to the Vasquez family and my gratitude to all the Veterans of Post 168 for their service to our country. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the American Legion Post 168 as they dedicate their post in memory of SSG Justin L. Vasquez. 
f 
THE FIRST IN FREEDOM 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Fallen American hero Marc Lee Allen who was KIA August 2, 2006. He inspired his Brother In Arms Chris Kyle to write his book, American Sniper. Last week on March 20th would have been Marc’s 40th birthday. The graveyards are filled with magnificent selfless heroes like Marc. The ones who have given That Last Full Measure for all of us over the years. He was the first Navy SEAL to die in Operation Iraqi Freedom. His Brothers In Arms knew him as a strong patriot, a fierce compet-itor, a loving husband, and a faithful Christian. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
THEFIRST IN FREEDOM  By Albert Carey Caswell The First The First In Freedom The First in light In every war, in every battle, in every fight, there are always those who must be the first to die Which brings such heartache and tears of sorrow to loved ones’ eyes Whose brave hearts must burn bright Who we all need this night So all at speed, so all in sight Those brave hearts who fight the fight Who bring their light Who evil must fight Who leave all they love to over evil rise above And lie down their most precious lives. As up in Heaven the Angels cry And don’t ask why? All in their most patriotic hearts comprised And for all their Brothers In Arms ready to die As did you Marc all in your most magnifi-cent heart comprised As realized Was such a heart of gold To all our children must be told To carry with us as we grow old And for you Marc, Heaven a place so holds When, in that moment of truth be told As it was you Marc who gave us the proof with your lessons of gold All in what is in a hero’s heart to know And so, made up of so As into the line of fire you’d go All in that Selfless Book of America’s Who’s Who to know Who but for the greater good gave all they could That last full measure, for surely there can be no greater treasure As you became the first Navy SEAL in this war to lose your life, And oh how Marc your loved ones and Broth-ers will miss you so, But, they will hear you on the wind And when they awake they will feel your presence next to them, as overnight watching over you they have been. And when there comes a gentle rain, you will feel our Lord’s tear wash down upon you to ease your pain Until, one day up in Heaven together you will all again And you won’t have to cry no more The first to fight The first to die With tears in eyes we now ask why? As like you Marc its upon our faith we must rely Sadly, because Freedom is not Free But, only bought and paid for by you and all of these Who are the first to die Could we? Would we? In the moment of truth would we up to new heights so rise? SEALed with a kiss And now we lay your sacred body down to rest We pray for you and your family our Lord to bless. At Ease my son, for you are one of America’s Best Who are The First In Freedom, who all of us bless. Amen. f IVY VICORY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ivy Vicory for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.015 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE420 April 10, 2018 
Ivy Vicory is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ivy Vicory is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ivy Vicory for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEE SCHULZ 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lee Schulz, Chief Executive Officer of lndependenceFirst in Milwaukee. Lee Schulz is retiring from lndependenceFirst in April, 2018 after serving in this position for over 32 years. He has led the organization with dedication, passion, enthusiasm and moti-vation. When Lee Schulz assumed this position in 1986, lndependenceFirst was a small organi-zation of seven people with an annual oper-ating budget of $260,000. Under his guidance, the agency grew to 106 in-house staff and 1,600 Personal Care Workers with a budget of $31 million. Lee Schulz has developed several innovative programs while at lndependenceFirst, such as: the statewide Women and Abuse Program; Alternative Fi-nancing Program, Home Ownership Program; the Try a Gadget Resource Center; and the Personal Assistance Program. He also led the relocation of lndependenceFirst into its cur-rent, owned facility which is a model of acces-sibility. I have had the opportunity and pleas-ure to utilize the lndependenceFirst’s facility on many occasions; it is a welcoming environ-ment for all. Mr. Schulz has served several terms on the National Council for Independent Living’s (NCIL) Board of Directors, served on the State Independent Living Council (SILC), co-founded Wisconsin’s Coalition of Independent Living Centers (WCILC), served on several research and training center advisory committees on disability related issues, and served on several local non-profit board of directors. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Lee Schulz for his unwavering commitment to up-hold lndependenceFirst’s mission to effectively facilitate the empowerment of individuals with disabilities. Under his leadership, this multi-di-mensional agency, lndependenceFirst, has as-sisted thousands of individuals with disabilities to live with dignity and independence. Next year, IndependenceFirst will celebrate their 40th year anniversary, without Lee Schulz at the helm but we know he has left a legacy of strong leadership there. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tre-mendously from his dedicated service. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Lee Schulz. HONORING PASTOR RONALD G. TONEY, SR. HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated husband, loving fa-ther, community activist and an outstanding Man of God, Pastor Ronald G. Toney, Sr., who is celebrating his 25th anniversary as the distinguished pastor of Lizzie Chapel Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia. An anniversary worship service was held on Sunday, April 8, 2018 at 11 a.m. at the church located at 1180 Bartlett Street in Macon, Georgia. Pastor Toney was born in Milwaukee, Wis-consin to the union of Mr. Elijah and Mrs. Mary Toney. He graduated Cum Laude from Morehouse College in 1985 earning a Bach-elor of Arts degree with a major in Religion and a minor in Psychology. Always seeking to improve the craft of Christian ministry and dis-cipleship, he furthered his studies at The Inter-denominational Theological Center and Co-lumbia Theological Seminary in Atlanta, Geor-gia. Pastor Toney received the most important calling in his life in 1976 as a minister of the gospel. He served as assistant minister at Greater Galilee Baptist Church in Milwaukee, Wisconsin before serving as assistant pastor of Damascus Baptist Church in Milwaukee from 1979 to 1981; associate minister of Anti-och Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia from 1981 to 1985; and pastor of Mt. Pleasant Bap-tist Church in Thomson, Georgia from 1985 to 1993. On April 11, 1993, he answered the call to serve the Lizzie Chapel Baptist Church, where he has served for the past twenty-five years. Under Pastor Toney’s leadership, the foundation of the church and the size of the congregation have grown tremendously. Although Pastor Toney’s official title is Pas-tor of Lizzie Chapel Baptist Church, he quickly realized that a true minister of the gospel must take the ministry to the people. Shirley Chis-holm once said that, ‘‘Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.’’ Pastor Toney has paid his rent and he has paid it well. Under his leadership, the church has created and grown ministries that have accomplished this very important purpose. These ministries include: Love’s Attic, Community Thanksgiving, Community Scholarship, Angel Tree, and the church’s Evangelism Ministry. The church also has community partnerships with the Macon Res-cue Mission and Ingram/Pye Elementary School. He is founder and President of Min-istry Addressing Neighbor Needs Abundantly, Inc. (MANNA), an organization dedicated to improving the lives of people that live in the Barlett Crossing/Cherokee Heights Commu-nity—one of Macon’s most economically dis-advantaged communities. He is an active member of many other religious-affiliated and other community-based organizations where he continuously pours his time and energy into his community, including: Haitian Empower-ment of Life Project (HELP); Co-Founder and President of Gifts of Grace Foundation; Sec-ond Vice Moderator for Union Baptist Mis-sionary and Educational Association of Middle Georgia; Foreign Mission Director for the Gen-eral Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia; First Vice President of the Sixth District for General Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia; and an Instructor for the Congress of Christian Education. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Crisis Line Safe House, the Family Counseling Center, and Living Waters Recovery Home for Women. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Pastor Toney has gone far in life because his everlasting faith in the Lord is vivid testimony of His greatness to all whom he encounters. His love and commitment to Christ is reflected in his compassionate leadership, which makes him a guiding light within the community. He is an humble man who always puts himself in the shoes of others. It has been said that, ‘‘The true person of success is not the person that climbs the ladder of this life with two hands, but climbs the ladder of this life with one hand and reaches back with the other.’’ Pastor Toney has always climbed the ladder of life with an eye towards helping others to reach their full potential, both spiritually and socially. Pastor Toney has achieved much in his life but none of it would be possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his wife, Patricia, their children, Jason, LaTai, Ronald, Jr., and Erika; their nine grand-children; and three great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the congregation of Lizzie Chapel Baptist Church, and the more than 730,000 residents of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District in extend-ing our sincerest congratulations to the Pastor Ronald Gene Toney, Sr. A man of great ac-complishment, he is an outstanding mentor and strong leader, but above all, he is a faith-ful servant of God who climbs ‘‘Jacob’s Lad-der’’ on a daily basis to make this world a bet-ter place to live for all of God’s children. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GRACE COMMU-NITY SCHOOL LADY COUGARS FOR WINNING THE TAPPS CLASS 5A BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with enor-mous pride that I recognize and congratulate the Grace Community School Lady Cougars on an outstanding basketball season in which they captured the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools Class 5A Basketball Championship. The team finished this season with a most impressive 27–6 record, managing an undefeated 6–0 standing in their district. There was no doubt the Lady Cougars would be a powerful force in Texas and a basketball team with which to be reckoned. The path to the championship found the Grace Community team defeating the number one ranked team 42–41 in the semi-final game. Then, the Lady Cougars faced off with the team from Corpus Christi Incarnate Word to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.016 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE421 April 10, 2018 
battle for the state championship title. This match was decided decisively with a 37–31 victory for Grace Community School. Clearly a team does not reach the ultimate and lofty plateau of excellence without coach-es who know their players. There is no doubt that each of the individual players, coaches, and supporting personnel involved with the success of the Lady Cougars will benefit from having participated and witnessed the level of success. That success is only achieved when each individual gives all they have, while working together with focused dedication and passion. This tribute goes out to all of the athletic staff including Athletic Director Joseph Walker; Head Coach Galen Taylor; Assistant Coaches Mark Taylor, Bri Polk and David Robinson; Managers Clara Roberts and Esther Nwachukwu. The team members achieving this memo-rable accomplishment include Addie Daughtry, Jo Murray, Jordan Tauscher, Molly Hicks, Stella Thomas, Reagan Wilson, Emily Edwards, Lauren Evans and Lindsey Hudgins. An athletic team cannot achieve any true level of excellence without unwavering support from its school and its school leaders including Head Administrator Jay Ferguson and High School Principal Brian Benscoter. That is ex-actly the kind of support the Lady Cougars ex-perienced from the entire community of Tyler and Smith County. That is why congratulations go to all the outstanding family, friends, and fans who contributed to the success of the Lady Cougars during this championship sea-son. May God continue to bless all of their efforts both in school and as they one day finish high school and use that same drive and deter-mination to make this country even stronger. Congratulations to the TAPPS State Basket-ball Champions, the Grace Community School Lady Cougars, as their legacy will endure as long as there is a United States of America. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR. DAVID POTTS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Judson College President Dr. David Potts of Marion, Alabama. I join with my con-stituents in mourning the recent passing of Dr. Potts, an exemplary educator, visionary long-time college president of Judson and a be-loved member of the Marion community whose life’s work influenced so many and helped to shape the advancement of Ala-bama’s Black Belt. Dr. Potts was born on July 1, 1950 to Lou-ise and Alton Potts, in Birmingham, Alabama. He grew up understanding the importance of a good education. His parents often stressed that a quality education was the key to improv-ing one’s lot in life. As a proud graduate of Ramsey High School, Dr. Potts took his parents’ advice to heart, and enrolled at Samford University, in Birmingham, AL, where he earned both a B.A. and M.S. in Education. Dr. Potts went on to enroll in the University of Alabama where he received his Ph.D. in Higher Education. In 1980, Dr. Potts began his service at Judson College in Marion, Alabama as its Vice President for Development. In this role, he was instrumental in establishing the Adult De-gree Program, a non-traditional, external de-gree program for adult learners that would grow into Judson’s Distance Learning Pro-gram. Dr. Potts briefly returned to Samford in 1985 to organize and implement ‘‘The Samford Commitment,’’ a $28 million capital campaign, and later rejoined the Judson ad-ministration as Executive Vice President for Administration in 1987. In this role, Dr. Potts sought to create a student-centered campus culture driven by continuous improvement, based on research completed for his doctoral dissertation. In 1990, Dr. Potts was appointed President of Judson College by its Board of Trustees. Dr. Potts left a lasting legacy during his 28- year tenure as President of Judson. The list of his accomplishments at the college was as nu-merous as the many lives of those he im-pacted. Dr. Potts grew Judson’s endowment from $2 million to $19 million dollars and raised $35 million through capital campaigns for new construction and facility restoration, in-cluding the refurbishment of Judson’s historic Jewett Hall. Nine new academic programs were added under his leadership, including three of the five largest majors currently pur-sued by Judson students. Throughout his ten-ure as president, the college increased the di-versity of its faculty and student body and re-mained faithful to its Christian mission. In addition to his exceptional service at Judson, Dr. Potts also worked to improve higher education across the Southeast. He served as both a Commissioner and an Exec-utive Council Member for the Southern Asso-ciation of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC), the regional body that accredits Judson and hundreds of others colleges and universities in the Southeastern United States. He served as a member or chair of countless SACSCOC on-site review committees, designed to help colleges meas-ure their effectiveness. In 2013, Dr. Potts was honored with the James T. Rogers Distin-guished Leadership Award for Outstanding Contributions to Higher Education by SACSCOC in recognition of his lifetime con-tributions to the field of higher education. As a committed civic leader, Dr. Potts made enormous contributions to the community. He was a founding board member of Sowing Seeds of Hope, a faith-based, non-profit orga-nization seeking to address the root causes of poverty in Alabama. As a member of Sowing Seeds of Hope’s Board of Directors and Health Care Task Force, Dr. Potts helped bring a dialysis center to Marion, promoted programs that helped children gain health in-surance coverage, and actively worked toward the re-opening of a hospital in Perry County. He was a former president of Alabama Pos-sible, formerly the Alabama Poverty Project, an organization co-founded by his father, former Alabama Baptist Convention executive secretary A. Earl Potts, which seeks to raise awareness of poverty issues statewide. In his passing, Dr. Potts is survived by his wife of 44 years, Beth Bloodworth Potts; his daughters, Kristin Potts Helton (John) and Shannon Louise Potts (Phil); eight grand-children, Gavin, Harper, John David, Laura Beth, Levi, Patch, Ryder, and Teague; and his sister, Elizabeth ‘‘Libby’’ Louise Potts (Dale Peterson). On a personal note, Dr. Potts made a pro-found impact on my life and the lives of so many in my district. His passion for education was equal to his love of his community and his deep compassion for mankind. I am for-ever grateful for his dedication and tireless ad-vocacy on behalf of the people of Alabama’s rural Black Belt. In him, I saw a kindred spirit in our shared and unwavering belief in the people of the Black Belt. Despite the many ob-stacles, Dr. Potts saw the myriad of possibili-ties and unharnessed potential in the beauty and natural resources that the Black Belt had to offer. Through his dedicated efforts, he has left our community a better place for all and for that he will forever be remembered for his leadership, brilliance, and kindness. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy of Dr. David Potts. On behalf of the 7th Con-gressional District, the State of Alabama, and this nation, we pay tribute to his distinguished contributions for the betterment of the State of Alabama, and extend deep appreciation for his exemplary service as President of Judson Col-lege. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR DANNY DUNN OF TEMPLE, TEXAS 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today is a special day as we celebrate and recog-nize the work of an exceptional citizen of our district: Mayor Danny Dunn of Temple, TX. Throughout his life, he has dedicated himself to the residents of his beloved hometown. His commitment to public service represents Texas values at their best. Mayor Dunn has spent the past eight years devoting himself to make the city of Temple a great place to work and call home. Under his steady and forward-looking leadership, Temple has seen exponential changes, ranging from new public safety initiatives to large improve-ment projects to restore the city. His commit-ment to smart, lasting, and strategic develop-ment has improved the quality of life for all citizens of Temple and put the city on the track for continued growth in the future. Mayor Dunn’s public service doesn’t end at 5 p.m. during the week. He is continuously try-ing to make Temple a better city by volun-teering and working with numerous civic en-gagement groups such as museum commit-tees, veteran research, and children hospitals. His great work has not gone unnoticed as Mayor Dunn has been the recipient of count-less awards and recognition. While Mayor Dunn has been honored to serve Temple, he knows that everything has its season and that it is time for him to allow the next generation of leaders to take the stage. Retirement from office does not mean that Dunn is finished improving and inspiring the city. He plans on continuing to work, vol-unteer, and be an active citizen of the city of Temple while pursuing graduate school and spending time with his family. Mayor Dunn has left big shoes to fill as he has gone above and beyond the expected du-ties of a public servant. He has led Temple to new heights and positioned his hometown to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10AP8.017 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE422 April 10, 2018 
be one of the best in Texas. I salute his lead-ership, congratulate him on his retirement, and wish him nothing but the best in the years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 20TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE GOOD FRI-DAY AGREEMENT 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 20th anniversary of the Belfast Agreement, or what has come to be known as the Good Friday Agreement. Twenty years ago today, leaders in the North of Ireland as well as the Republic of Ire-land and the United Kingdom joined in one of the world’s most important diplomatic achieve-ments—securing an agreement that would lead to the end of centuries of armed conflict. The agreement required courage and for-titude by all those who sought an end to vio-lence and a better way forward. It was unique in that it laid out commitments for the future as well as a path to achieving those goals. It al-lowed differing traditions to pursue their beliefs through politics rather than violence, and per-mitted those long excluded from the system to take up their cause in an open and trans-parent way. The Good Friday Agreement was an achievement by and for those in the Republic, the UK, and the North, but the support it en-joyed from the United States pushed it over the line. While it never would have happened without the courage of leaders like Gerry Adams and Tony Blair, I also believe progress would have stalled absent the courage and te-nacity of the Irish-American community, the Clinton Administration, and bipartisan support from Congress. Today is a day to celebrate and recognize all that has been achieved: Belfast is no longer an active war zone, rural areas live in relative peace, and a centuries-long system of repression has in many ways been put to rest. The agreement has succeeded in so many ways that for many it is increasingly difficult for new generations to remember the severity of the conflict. In fact, many aspects of the peace-building process in the North have been studied and duplicated elsewhere throughout the world. But this is also a moment to acknowledge the challenges ahead that we must tackle in order to sustain peace and prosperity. Many aspects of the agreement have made impor-tant progress including the devolution of jus-tice and reforms to policing. But key provisions of the agreement related to the Irish language remain unfulfilled. There is still no Bill of Rights for the North. And the serious reality of Brexit threatens an unnecessary return to a border that would re-divide the North from the Republic. All these challenges mean the United States cannot afford to take its eye off the ball. It means the Trump Administration should re-spond to bipartisan calls to move forward with the appointment of a special envoy to the North. It means the United States needs to engage diplomatically. And it means that com-mitments should be kept to ensure an ongoing peace. In the end, the Good Friday Agreement was an incredible achievement. But it was a proc-ess, not an end in itself. We must continue to do all that we can to sustain the hope it cre-ated for a peaceful future not just for those in the North but for those who believe in human rights and human dignity throughout the world. f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL SCHMITZ 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize my friend Paul Schmitz and congratulate him on his retire-ment from the Christian County Board after twenty-two years of service. For more than two decades, Paul has worked to improve the lives of citizens in Christian County, overseeing numerous projects within the county. He served as Chairman for four years and later served as Vice Chairman for more than 10 years. Paul began serving on the board in 1996, and dove right in on tackling the big issues. Shortly after his election to the board, con-troversy arose surrounding a proposed live-stock facility in Stonington. Paul took it upon himself to listen to the public’s concerns and learn what he could about the issue. However, if you ask him, Paul’s proudest achievement during his time with the county board was bringing public transportation to Christian County. The Central Illinois Public Transit service was implemented in 2015 and offers door-to-door transportation, something he says is necessary for the aging population. Paul and the county board played an active role in introducing this service to the people of Christian County, which provides residents with reliable transportation to doctors’ appoint-ments, the grocery store, and community events. I am proud to recognize Paul’s work as a leader on the Christian County Board. He is a true public servant who has dedicated twenty- two years to the people of Christian County and I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AMANDA TAY-LOR’S LEADERSHIP AT BASF SOUTHFIELD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Amanda Taylor as she receives an award from STEP Ahead for her work at BASF. She is an impassioned leader and is deserving of this honor. The Science, Technology, Engineering and Production (STEP) Ahead Awards Gala is an annual celebration to honor women in manu-facturing who are providing leadership in their companies. American women make up ap-proximately 50 percent of the country’s work-force, but only 29 percent of the manufac-turing industry, and STEP Ahead seeks to highlight the women who are paving the way for a more inclusive and equal field of work. The Manufacturing Institute is recognizing 130 women in manufacturing from across the country who are leaders in their respective fields and positions, ranging from shop worker to company executive. Amanda Taylor is ex-tremely deserving of this recognition for the work that she has done for BASF’s Southfield Site through her leadership. Amanda Taylor serves as an EHS Specialist III at BASF’s southeastern Michigan site and plays a key role in day to day operations. Her work in revamping the site’s safety programs helped increase employment from 300 em-ployees to 800 as well as a distinguished and successful Responsible Care audit in 2016. Her attention to detail and passion for the work that she has done allowed for analysis of different practices the company has imple-mented and will continue to implement, includ-ing the recycling of 122,000 metric tons of re-fining catalysts each year. Ms. Taylor is known for her creativity and drive; as a leader, she is always looking for ways to better community engagement and has helped BASF form part-nerships with the American Cancer Society and Dress for Success, a charity that helps fe-male veterans find job opportunities after re-turning home. She serves as the Chair of the Southfield chapter of the Women in Business employee group, where she discusses ways to bring more women into the manufacturing in-dustry. Ms. Taylor’s leadership is inspiring and continues to open doors for women in the manufacturing industry, and she is truly de-serving of tonight’s recognition by STEP Ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Amanda Taylor for her groundbreaking work with BASF. We are grateful for her leadership as a woman in the workplace and look forward to seeing her con-tinued success in the years to come. f 
LT. COL. MARK YOUNG TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lt. Col. Mark Young for his 35 years of volunteerism in Colorado. His service to others began during the blizzard of 1982 where he spent all night in his truck with his CB radio answering calls to help stranded motorists. On top of his volunteer work, Lt. Col. Young spent 29 years as a volunteer paramedic in Costilla County, using his knowledge as a paramedic to help thousands of his fellow citi-zens. In addition, he assisted his community in the creation of a volunteer ambulance service. In 1996, Lt. Col. Young continued his serv-ice and joined the Montrose County Sheriff Posse as a volunteer search and rescue fire-fighter. Over the next 20 years he provided hundreds of hours of free helicopter service, and went on numerous rescue missions, pro-viding vital helicopter support on each of those rescues. Just over a year ago, Lt. Col. Young and his team were able to rescue a pilot from Colorado Springs that got wrecked in the Flat Tops Wilderness Area in Garfield County Col-orado. Mr. Speaker, whether it was spending all night on Christmas Eve helping motorists dur-ing a blizzard, or flying a helicopter for Search 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.029 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE423 April 10, 2018 
and Rescue missions, Lt. Col. Young has al-ways been eager to serve his fellow Ameri-cans. It is my pleasure to recognize Lt. Col. Young for all his generosity. On behalf of the Third District of Colorado I would like to thank Lt. Col. Young for his generous service to his community. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF COMMIS-SIONING OF USS ‘‘JOHN F. KEN-NEDY’’ 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the commissioning of the first aircraft carrier named after our 35th President of the United States, the USS John F. Kennedy. President John F. Kennedy began his political career as a member of this chamber and his legacy con-tinues to this day with our colleague from Massachusetts, and his great-nephew, J
OE K
ENNEDY . The USS John F. Kennedy, nicknamed ‘‘Big John,’’ was the only ship of her class and the last conventionally powered carrier built for the United States Navy. Since its first keel plates were laid down on October 22, 1964, at the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Virginia, the ship grew weld by weld and deck by deck to its full magnitude— five city blocks in length, 252 feet across the flight deck, and the height of a 23-story build-ing. Big John was officially christened by Presi-dent Kennedy’s 9-year-old daughter, Caroline, on May 27, 1967, just two days short of what would have been President Kennedy’s 50th birthday. Some 30,000 spectators gathered at the shipyard to witness the launching of the Navy’s newest aircraft carrier. President Lyn-don B. Johnson, delivering the principal ad-dress, was joined at the podium by members of the Kennedy family including Caroline, the Matron of Honor Jackie Kennedy, and a distin-guished list of military and civilian officials. As the bottle of champagne crashed across the bow with Caroline’s swift blow, the ship floated free from the keel blocks that had sup-ported her during years of construction. In that moment, Hull 577 became the mighty aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy. A little over a year later, the ship entered the fleet after being commissioned on September 7, 1968 with Captain Earl P. Yates in command. The Kennedy’s maiden voyage and several of her subsequent voyages were on deploy-ments to the Mediterranean during the 1970s to help deal with the steadily deteriorating situ-ation in the Middle East. It was during the sev-enties that Big John was upgraded to handle the F–14 Tomcat and the S–3 Viking. During her seventh deployment in 1978, Kennedy set a record of 31,568 flight hours and 12,438 ar-rested landings. On January 4, 1982, Big John sailed as the flagship for Carrier Group 4 from Norfolk, Vir-ginia on her ninth deployment and her first visit to the Indian Ocean. During her time there, the USS John F. Kennedy played host to the first visit of the Somali head of state aboard a U.S. Naval ship, held the largest mass re-enlistment ceremony in her history of-ficiated by the Secretary of the Navy, and achieved her 150,000th arrested landing. Her cruise ended with port visits to Mombasa, Kenya and Toulon, France before returning home on July 14, 1982. In October 1983, Big John was diverted to Beirut, Lebanon from her planned Indian Ocean deployment, after the Beirut barracks bombing killed 241 U.S. military personnel tak-ing part in the Multinational Force in Lebanon, and spent the rest of that year and early 1984 patrolling the region. On December 4, 1983, ten A–6 aircraft from Kennedy along with A– 6 and A–7 aircraft from USS Independence took part in a bombing raid over Beirut, in re-sponse to two U.S. F–14 aircraft being fired upon the previous day. Setting sail in July 1986, Kennedy was the focus of the world when she served as the centerpiece of a vast international naval ar-mada during the International Review in honor of the 100th anniversary and rededication of the Statue of Liberty. Big John hosted Presi-dent Ronald Reagan and many other dig-nitaries during the review. Kennedy departed for the Mediterranean in August of that year, returning home in March 1987. During her No-vember 1987 work ups, Kennedy’s flight deck crew trapped their 200,000th arrested landing. In August 1988, the USS John F. Kennedy departed Norfolk, Virginia for her 12th major deployment to the Mediterranean. During this deployment, a pair of MiG–23 Flogger fighter aircraft from Libya approached the carrier task force, which was 81 miles off the shores of Libya conducting routine flight operations in international water. Big John launched two F– 14 Tomcats from the VF–32 ‘‘Fighting Swords-men’’ to intercept the incoming MiGs and es-cort them away from the task force. During the course of the intercept, the MiGs were deter-mined to be hostile and both Libyan aircrafts were shot down. Big John entered the nineties eager to take on new challenges as part of America’s com-mitment to help keep the world’s oceans free for all nations. After spending the first half of 1990 participating in various exercises, the carrier paid a visit to New York City for Fleet Week and Boston for the Fourth of July— hosting more than 180,000 visitors. In August of that year, the USS John F. Kennedy received short-fused orders to load up and get underway in support of Operation Desert Shield. Big John arrived in the Red Sea in September 1990 and was chosen as the flagship of the Commander, Red Sea Bat-tle Force. On January 16, 1991, aircraft from the embarked air wing, Carrier Air Wing Three, began Operation Desert Storm as part of a multi-nation coalition to drive Iraq out of neighboring Kuwait. Throughout the war, air-craft from JFK flew 2,895 sorties and 114 strikes delivering over 3.5 million pounds of ordnance over 11,263 combat hours. Fol-lowing the cease fire, Big John passed through the Suez Canal for the fourth time in seven months and began her journey home. When the carrier arrived home in Norfolk, Vir-ginia on March 28, 1991, her crew was wit-ness to the greatest homecoming celebration and outpouring of public support since World War II. Big John’s next deployment from October 7, 1992 until April 7, 1993 was her 14th to the Mediterranean Sea. This cruise was marked by the developing turmoil in the former country of Yugoslavia. Throughout the ship’s deploy-ment, the crew hosted many visitors, both in port and at sea, and conducted numerous joint exercises with armed forces from Mediterra-nean littoral nations and spent most of her time in the Adriatic Sea. She passed another milestone by logging her 250,000th arrested landing on December 8, 1992. Following the deployment and a two-year comprehensive overhaul at Philadelphia Naval Shipyard, she was transferred to the Mayport Naval Station near Jacksonville, Florida, which remained the ship’s home port. In October 1995, the USS John F. Kennedy was des-ignated to be an operational reserve carrier and Naval Reserve Force ship with a com-bined full-time active duty and part-time Naval Reserve crew, assigned to the U.S. Atlantic Fleet. In this capacity, her new primary func-tion was to provide a surge capability, and in peacetime, to support training requirements. Following the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, the Operational Reserve Carrier concept was discontinued and Big John was returned to the active duty fleet. Her 15th and 16th deployments included transits of the Suez Canal, operations in the Persian Gulf. There, she became the first U.S. aircraft carrier to make a port call in Al Aqabah, Jor-dan, while also playing host to the King of Jor-dan. During the first six months of 2002, Big John’s aircraft dropped 31,000 tons of ord-nance on Taliban and al Qaeda targets in sup-port of Operation Enduring Freedom. On Au-gust 8th, the carrier passed through the Strait of Gibraltar and returned to Mayport Naval Station on August 17, 2002. The USS John F. Kennedy deployed again in 2004 with Carrier Air Wing 17 and sailed east in support of the Global War on Terror. She passed through the Suez Canal and on July 10, 2004, launched her first aircraft in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, providing critical overhead support for Multi-National Corps—Iraq and Iraqi forces. During the de-ployment, CVW–17 aircraft flew 8,296 sorties for a total flight time of 21,824 hours. The vet-eran carrier and her air wing transited the Suez Canal, homeward-bound, in late Novem-ber returning to Mayport Naval Station on De-cember 13, 2004. On December 30th, a little over two weeks later, the U.S. Navy an-nounced its intention to decommission the ship. On March 23, 2007, the USS John F. Ken-nedy was decommissioned. She set sail on her last voyage at the end of a tow line in July of that year, setting course for the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard, which she reached on August 1, 2007. The carrier was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on October 16, 2009. The 80,000 ton warship, namesake of the 35th President of the United States, saw 18 deployments and boasted 30 commanding of-ficers in its illustrious 38 years of service. I commend all those who contributed to the leg-acy of this great ship—from its builders to the men and women in uniform who served aboard to keep our nation safe. 
f 
HONORING MS. HAWTHORN BOLGER-WITHERSPOON 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.033 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE424 April 10, 2018 
Hawthorn Bolger-Witherspoon. Hawthorn is a fourteen-year-old student from South Valley, New Mexico who has written a series of short stories titled ‘‘South Valley’’ in an effort to en-courage young people in our area to read. Hawthorn wanted to provide her fellow stu-dents in the Albuquerque area with reading material that they could relate to, so she based her stories off of some of the issues that affect our community. The stories are centered on a gang member who turns his life around but who is still faced with issues like drug abuse and domestic violence. The stories also discuss the immigration issues that are currently facing our community. The stories will also include illustrations that were created by Hawthorn. To create the illus-trations, she took photos of a family friend who works at an Albuquerque school, and then altered them to look like drawings. The family friend is actually a former gang member himself, making him a fitting inspiration for the illustrations and for the stories’ main character. Integral to Hawthorn’s stories was local poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, whose work the stories are based on. Mr. Baca himself had a difficult upbringing and spent time in prison. It was during his incarceration that he developed his love of poetry. He has since had a highly suc-cessful career that has included both an American Book Award and a Hispanic Herit-age Award in Literature. He also founded a non-profit publishing company called Cedar Tree Poetic, which will be publishing Haw-thorn’s stories. In addition to getting her stories published, Hawthorn’s work will also be represented in our nation’s capital. Two of her photographs will be included by the Smithsonian Institution in an educational film. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of New Mexico’s First Congressional District, I want to con-gratulate Hawthorn Bolger-Witherspoon on be-coming a published author and commend her for her work to encourage reading in our com-munity. I also want to thank Jimmy Santiago Baca for his generous assistance and for his wonderful work over the years. We look for-ward to following the work of these writers and wish them continued success. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF CONNIE KALITTA’S 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Connie Kalitta on his 80th birthday. He has bettered our nation’s transportation in-dustry through his lifetime of work. Born in Mount Clemens, Michigan in 1938, Mr. Kalitta is a lifelong Michigan resident who has long spent his career giving back to the state that he loves. He has had a lifelong pas-sion for drag racing, beginning in the 1950s and retiring driving in 1995. Throughout his driving career he has been awarded numerous accolades, including induction to the Motor-sports Hall of Fame of America in 1992 and the International Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 2002, as well as receiving the National Hot Road Association’s Lifetime Achievement Award in November 2016. In addition to his storied racing career, Mr. Kalitta has played a large role in our state and country’s aviation industry and history. He has been nominated to receive the prestigious Na-tional Air Carrier Association Ronald N. Priddy Partners in Airlift Medal just this year, signi-fying his longstanding influence on our state and the industry. He employs over 1,500 Michiganders at his air and motorsports stores in Oscoda. His friends know him as ambitious and kindhearted and always willing to try something new. We are grateful for his years of influence on our state and prestigious rac-ing career and wish him a very happy birthday with many more to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Connie Kalitta on his 80th birth-day. He has played an important part in our state’s history and has had a prestigious rac-ing career. f 
IN HONOR OF LOUIS SILBER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor Louis Silber, who has re-cently been awarded the Florida Bar Presi-dent’s Pro Bono Service Award. I include in the R
ECORD an article from the Florida Bar News which made the announcement: 
‘‘Louis Marc Silber is known for his tena-cious advocacy in two unrelated areas: the rights of homeowners facing fraudulent fore-closure practices, and the reproductive rights of women. His legal victories on the foreclosure front resulted in much-needed windfalls for legal aid, while his pro bono work has helped keep a West Palm Beach women’s center in operation. In 2007, Silber filed suit against David J. Stern and his law firm over accusations of foreclosure fraud. Silber won the class-ac-tion case, but some money went unclaimed, and a Cy Pres award benefitted the Legal Aid Society of Palm Beach County. In 2017, legal aid again benefited when a court agreed Silber could distribute the money to three charities—the Legal Aid Society, the Lord’s Place (a homeless shelter), and the Miami Rescue Mission—in a second case involving Stern’s victims. In all, Silber and his team of lawyers pro-vided more than $400,000 to the Legal Aid So-ciety of Palm Beach County through the two Cy Pres awards. Silber’s relationship with the Presidential Women’s Center began when the center opened in 1980. He has been an advocate in important legal battles to protect reproduc-tive rights in Florida. He played a lead role in blocking Florida’s counseling law from going into effect and has provided local counsel against a law that would have lim-ited some later term abortion procedures, all on a pro bono basis. Silber has also supported patients with unique legal questions and has helped to de-fend the safety of physicians and staff. For the first 16 years representing Presi-dential Women’s Center, Silber provided all legal services for free. Since then, he has ac-cepted pay for half his work at the insistence of founder and director Mona Reis, who says: ‘‘He is the force that has kept me going.’’ Silber, who earned his J.D. in 1973 from Georgetown University Law Center, was an assistant state attorney and then a partner with Cone, Wagner, Nugent, Hazouri and Roth before forming Pariente & Silber, P.A., with now Justice Barbara Pariente. That firm lasted until 1993, with Pariente’s ele-vation to the bench, and eventually became Silber & Davis.’’ Louis’ persistent dedication to the rights of women is laudable, and I can think of no one more deserving of this award than him. f HONORING THE MONTCLAIR PUB-LIC LIBRARY’S 125TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Montclair Public Library, lo-cated in the Township of Montclair, New Jer-sey, on the occasion of its 125th Anniversary. In 1869, Israel Crane and his wife invited friends and neighbors to organize a subscrip-tion library collection of about one hundred books. There were 30 participating families. The collection was housed under the counter at Betzler’s Drug Store on Bloomfield Avenue (then called Main), near the Presbyterian Church (now the site of the Hinck Building). The books were moved to the Pillsbury Build-ing, also located on Bloomfield Avenue, and the library obtained a charter as the Montclair Library Association. The Montclair Library Association built a wood framed building on the east side of South Fullerton Avenue near Bloomfield Ave-nue, for $1,700 in 1871. The Montclair Library Association was incorporated. The Associa-tion’s building burned down during a raging blizzard on February 28, 1880. Amazingly, most of the 2,192 books were saved, moved, and issued from Central School at Church Street and Valley Road for several years. Following New Jersey State legislation in 1890 authorizing the establishment of free public libraries, Montclair citizens voted on April 11, 1893 to establish a public, tax sup-ported library. Funds and books from the Montclair Library Association were turned over to the newly established Montclair Free Public Library, which served all of Montclair’s 8,656 residents. Its first quarters were on the second floor of Dr. John J.H. Love’s office at 16 Church Street. Mary F. Weeks served as the first Library Director from 1893 to 1897. Coin-cidentally, Dr. Love’s home was located at 50 South Fullerton Avenue, the current site of the Main Library. The library was moved to an abandoned inn called the Munn Tavern, bought for about $5,000 and renovated for an additional $1,000 in 1898. The Munn Tavern, which still stands today, was later moved back from the road and is now part of the Evangelical Covenant Church at 17 Valley Road. The first Branch Library was a rented room in the real estate office of John Mancini on Bellevue Avenue, near the train station, in 1899. Three hundred and fifty books from the Main Library formed the basis of this collec-tion. In 1902, the Carnegie Corporation gave $40,000 to Montclair to fund the construction of a library. After 35 years and six different lo-cations, Montclair Public Library had its first purpose-built library building on the former site of the Munn Tavern, which was built in 1904. The library at 73 Church Street served as the Main Library for 50 years. This building is now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.035 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE425 April 10, 2018 
part of the Unitarian Church, located at the intersection of Valley Road and Church Street. The Carnegie Corporation gave Montclair a second sum of $40,000 for the construction of the Bellevue Avenue Branch. The Bellevue Avenue Branch Library opened on December 26, 1914. The original design of the building remains intact today. In February 1942, Montclair Public Library became the first public library in the United States to have a computerized circulation sys-tem. The International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) designed the Library’s first ever punch card data processing system and equipment to record the loan and return of books. Librarians from all over the world vis-ited Montclair to witness this pioneering ven-ture. Having outgrown the library building on Church Street, its home for 50 years, a new Main Library was built in 1955. The Davella Mills Foundation donated the former site of Dr. Love’s home at 50 South Fullerton Avenue as the site for the new library building. They also contributed $250,000 toward the $800,000 construction cost. The Montclair Public Library began commu-nity outreach in 1969 with bookmobiles in parks, playgrounds and on neighborhood street corners. Library use jumped 40 percent in two years as a result. Neighborhood Information Center Helps Ev-eryone (NICHE) was initiated as a federally funded community information and referral service in 1974. The goal of NICHE was to provide information as a catalyst for social change. It existed in a storefront at 375 Bloomfield Avenue from 1974 to 1977 and was fully incorporated into Montclair Public Li-brary in 1979. The Montclair Public Library was named one of the top five libraries in the nation by Li-brary Journal in 2002. The Library also re-ceived the Bessie Bohme Moore Award for services to seniors in that year. Simulta-neously, the Montclair Public Library Founda-tion was established to develop new financial resources exclusively for Montclair Public Li-brary. In 2004, the Montclair Public Library cele-brated the Centennial anniversary of its first purpose built public library building on Church Street, the Library’s home for 50 years until a new building was erected on its current site at 50 South Fullerton Avenue in 1954. The Cen-tennial was an opportunity to renew commu-nity appreciation for Montclair Public Library’s rich history and revitalize interest in Library as-sets. The library has been in integral part of the greater Montclair community and has exceed-ed its mission to change lives every day through words, ideas and community connec-tions. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the Montclair Public Library on the occasion of its 125th An-niversary. IN RECOGNITION OF VERONICA BRAKER’S DISTINGUISHED WORK AT BASF 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Veronica Braker for her distin-guished work as Vice President of Operations Performance Materials at BASF. She has been an outstanding leader for the company and Wyandotte plant for years. The Science, Technology, Engineering and Production (STEP) Ahead Awards Gala is an annual celebration to honor women in manu-facturing who are providing leadership in their companies. American women make up ap-proximately 50 percent of the country’s work-force, but only 29 percent of the manufac-turing industry, and STEP Ahead seeks to highlight the women who are paving the way for a more inclusive and equal field of work. The Manufacturing Institute is recognizing 130 women in manufacturing from across the country who are leaders in their respective fields and positions, ranging from shop worker to company executive. Veronica Braker is ex-tremely deserving of this recognition for the work that she has done for BASF North Amer-ica through her leadership. Graduating from Christian Brothers Univer-sity in 1992 with a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Mrs. Braker worked for a variety of companies including Milliken & Company, The Clorox Company, GE, Flint Hills Resources, before joining BASF as a Manufacturing Manager in 2011. Since work-ing at BASF, Ms. Braker has held multiple po-sitions including Head of Operations for North America-Performance Materials and her cur-rent position, Vice President of Operations- Performance Materials. She has always been passionate about the environment, safety, and health, and seeks to better conditions in BASF facilities throughout North America. She is known at BASF for her positivity, hard work and ingenuity. Throughout her career, she has opened doors a little wider for the women who came after her, including the creation of a three-year career development program for women at the company. She is truly deserving of recognition at tonight’s Annual STEP Ahead Awards Gala, and I look forward to seeing her continued contributions to the manufacturing industry. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Veronica Braker for her life-time of work in the manufacturing industry. She has provided distinguished leadership in the field for over 25 years. 
f 
HONORING JEAN GASPAR 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents who is cele-brating a remarkable milestone in her cancer journey. Jean Gaspar of Palm Harbor is cele-brating 10 years of good health following her diagnosis of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) in 2008. To give back after her cancer diagnosis, Jean became deeply involved with the Leu-kemia & Lymphoma Society by volunteering with Team in Training, a program that brings individuals together as a team to train for an endurance event, and Light The Night, an event that supports treatments that are saving the lives of patients today. Through Team in Training and Light The Night, Jean has raised tens of thousands of dollars to support the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s mission to cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin’s disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families. Jean is also an active advocate for policies to help blood cancer patients. I had the privi-lege of meeting with Jean last May when she visited Washington, D.C. to participate in the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s Volunteer Leadership Conference. Jean’s story is inspir-ing, and I enjoyed the opportunity to talk with her about policies to help blood cancer pa-tients access their treatments. On the heels of National Volunteer Week, the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society is recog-nizing Jean’s good health and tremendous vol-unteerism on April 28, the night before she embarks on her first triathlon, by naming her the National Honored Teammate for the event. As the co-chair of the Congressional Caucus to Cure Blood Cancers and Other Blood Dis-orders, it is my privilege to join with the Leu-kemia & Lymphoma Society in congratulating Jean on reaching this health milestone and to wish her well at the St. Anthony’s Triathlon on April 29. f 
REMEMBERING DR. RITA JACKSON SAMUELS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an out-standing businesswoman, dedicated public servant, mentor to many, trailblazer, and one of Georgia’s most prolific women’s rights ad-vocates, Dr. Rita Jackson Samuels. Sadly, Dr. Samuels passed away on Tuesday, March 27, 2018, at the age of 72. Her funeral service was held on Saturday, April 7, 2018, at noon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta, Geor-gia. A native of Forsyth, Georgia, Dr. Samuels attended Claflin University, Morris Brown Col-lege, and Georgia State University and re-ceived her Business & Secretarial Science Certification from Dimery’s Business College in Atlanta, Georgia. As a young woman, she worked as a sec-retary for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference under the administrations of sev-eral influential individuals and alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In 1971, Dr. Samuels became the first African-American female in Georgia’s history to serve on the personal staff of a Georgia Governor as then-Governor Jimmy Carter’s Coordinator of the Governor’s Council on Human Relations. Governor Carter personally selected her to oversee the hang-ing of the Martin Luther King, Jr. portrait in the Georgia State Capitol. After Carter became president, she worked as a consultant with his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.038 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE426 April 10, 2018 
White House Staff in 1977. In 1983, served as Director of the Office of Citizens & Community Affairs under former Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young and on the national board of a National Anti-Poverty Rural Development Agency. Dr. Samuels was not only a dedicated pub-lic servant but also a strong and passionate innovator and activist who fought tirelessly to preserve women’s history and made sure that the achievements of African-American women were properly recognized. She founded the Georgia Coalition of Black Women, Inc. in 1981; advocated for the creation of the Geor-gia Commission on Women in 1991 and the Atlanta Commission on Women in 2001; and was the co-founder of the Georgia Coalition for the People’s Agenda and Women Flying High, LLC, a 100 percent female-owned busi-ness enterprise that is dedicated to increasing women’s share of public and private sector contracts, in 2005. She also founded ‘‘The Ballot Power’’ of Women Voters Lecture Se-ries and the Women in Government Internship and produced ‘‘Sisterhood Voices’’ on the Air Radio Show. She helped to launch the careers of several African-American woman leaders from rural Georgia counties who would go on to serve as mayors, commissioners, and judges. Over the course of her life, she served as on a variety of boards and in a number of or-ganizations at the local, state, and national levels. She also received numerous awards and commendations, including ‘‘Keys to the City’’ of several cities, including her hometown of Forsyth, Georgia. Governor Joe Frank Har-ris appointed her to the State Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday Commission and appointed her as the first African American to serve on the Georgia State Election Board. She was subsequently reappointed to the King Com-mission by Governors Zell Miller and Roy Barnes. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ‘‘Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing to help others?’ ’’ Dr. Samuels undoubtedly lived by this philosophy as she committed a prodigious amount of time and love in service to others and shared her en-thusiasm and wisdom to better those around her. Moreover, The great Agricultural chemist George Washington Carver once said that, ‘‘It does not matter how much money you have in the bank; it does not matter what kind of car you drive; it does not matter how big the house is that you live in; it does not matter what type of profession you might be involved in; what matters in this life and what we all will be judged by is what we have done in this life as far as service to humanity.’’ Rita served hu-manity well and carried out God’s purpose for her life. Rita leaves behind her loving husband of many years, Stanley, and a host of family and friends who will miss her deeply. She was a longtime member of the Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia. On a personal note, Rita was a dear friend of longstanding and valued supporter. I will miss the very sage counsel that she imparted to me over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, in paying tribute to Dr. Rita Jackson Samuels, for her legacy of service to the state of Georgia, and extending our deepest condo-lences to Rita’s family and friends. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL WILLIAM THOMAS SLYE, JR., USA, RET. 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lieutenant Colonel William Thomas Slye, Jr., USA, Ret., who be-came an angel on February 28, 2018. LTC Slye’s dedication to the United States Army, his nation, and his beloved family mark a man whose life was devoted to service to others. A native of Washington, D.C., LTC Slye en-listed in the Navy in 1953, where he served as an aircraft engine mechanic and found his passion for aviation. While the Navy could not offer him a venue to progress in his flying as-pirations, he soon enlisted in the Army to pur-sue their flight training program. LTC Slye’s skills did not go unnoticed and he was assigned to the Presidential Flight De-tachment where he flew in the Presidential Helicopter unit for both Presidents Johnson and Nixon. His valiant efforts to keep our na-tion’s leaders safe during tumultuous times were next to none and will never be forgotten. Following a 28-year Army career that included three tours in Vietnam, LTC Slye retired in 1981 and settled in Belton, Texas. Along with being a skilled and decorated pilot, LTC Slye was a true family man. He married the love of his life, Wanda Rose Bridges, in 1957 and went on to raise three beautiful children: Mike, Teri, and Sandie. He lived a full and inspirational life and was ac-tively involved in his church, Knights of Colum-bus, and community. LTC Slye’s dedication to both nation and family reflect the best values we hold dear in Central Texas. I salute his devotion to our highest ideals and join his loved ones in mourning his loss. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF COMMISSIONER RODNEY ELLIS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Former State Senator, current Harris County Commissioner, and my dear friend, Rodney Ellis for receiving an Alumni Award from Texas Southern University. The award is given to outstanding alumni who typify the TSU tra-dition of excellence through personal and pro-fessional accomplishment and/or community service. This is the second year the award is given. Rodney holds a Bachelor’s of Science De-gree from Texas Southern University, a Mas-ter’s Degree in Public Affairs from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the Uni-versity of Texas, and a Law Degree from the University of Texas School of Law. Commis-sioner Ellis also studied at Xavier University in New Orleans and the London School of Eco-nomics. Before his election to the Texas Sen-ate in 1990, Rodney Ellis served three terms on the Houston City Council as well as Chief of Staff to the late United States Congressman Mickey Leland. He, then, went on to serve in the Texas State Senate for more than 25 consecutive years and earned the respect of his col-leagues and constituents for his dedicated leadership on civil rights, criminal justice, eco-nomic development, education, environmental policy, and workforce development. On No-vember 8, 2016, Rodney Ellis was elected Harris County Commissioner for Precinct One, where he serves approximately 1.1 million people on a daily basis. Commissioner Ellis is a strong supporter and graduate of Texas Southern University. For 25 years, Commissioner Ellis represented Texas Senate District 13, which TSU resides in. Recently, Commissioner Ellis has contrib-uted over $15 million in a partnership with the City of Houston to improve the roads around the University. At his core, Commissioner Ellis believes that our government should ensure that all people, regardless of who they are, have equitable op-portunity and ability to build a better future for themselves and for their family. As Harris County Commissioner, he is committed to this ideal by providing quality and accessible serv-ices and programs that enrich the lives of peo-ple in Precinct One and fighting for reforms that will benefit all Harris County residents. Amidst all of his many accolades and achievements, he attributes being a husband to Mrs. Licia Green-Ellis and father to his four children as his greatest honor. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Commissioner Ellis for receiving the Alumni Award and recognize all who orga-nize and contribute to Texas Southern Univer-sity’s commitment to excellent education. I ask all my colleagues to join me in congratulating Commissioner Ellis on his many years of serv-ice and honor his legacy and inspiration he has given to the people he has had the privi-lege of serving. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HURON VALLEY PACE’S NEW FACILITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Huron Valley PACE as they break ground on their new facility. They have served Michigan’s seniors for years and will expand their services in this new facility. Huron Valley PACE was established by two nonprofits, the United Methodist Retirement Communities and the Area Agency on Aging 1B, in order to provide an alternative to nurs-ing home care. The organization’s mission is to allow seniors to age with dignity and remain independent in their own homes, and every doctor and nurse at PACE seeks to live out that principle every day. Huron Valley PACE is based out of Ypsilanti, Michigan and serves seniors in Washtenaw County, as well as Monroe, Oakland, Livingston, and Wayne Counties. PACE serves all Michigan adults 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.041 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE427 April 10, 2018 
age 55 or older who have ongoing healthcare needs and provides the services covered by Medicare and Medicaid as well as tailoring plans to suit individual needs of seniors as seen fit by facility staff. Seniors can expect to have their medical and supportive needs met when they visit PACE, and the Ypsilanti facility houses a medical clinic as well as various recreation areas. The facility currently has four pillars of pa-tient service including: medical, wellness, so-cial, and support. They are known in our Michigan community for their well-rounded care and individualized service. The $1 million dollar grant they received will allow Huron Val-ley PACE to double the size of their facility and greatly increase their patient capacity. This will allow for Michigan’s increasing senior population to be provided with PACE’s top- notch service and allow for the elderly to age with dignity and independence. We are grate-ful for the exemplary service provided at Huron Valley PACE and look forward to see-ing its continued development and effective-ness as it grows in size and capacity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Huron Valley PACE as they break ground on their facility additions and greatly expand their current care to southeast Michi-gan’s seniors. The organization has made a significant impact on the well-being of seniors through its medical and social services. 
f 
HONORING HOUSTON’S CENTENARIANS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, down in Houston, Texas, you can find several remark-able individuals celebrating huge milestones this year. Clarewood House Senior Commu-nity is home to 11 centenarians. Mr. Speaker, centenarians, simply put, are people who live to see over 100 years of age. Combined be-tween the 11 residents, that totals over 1,000 years of life. In fact, the Clarewood House is believed to have the most people, 100 years and older, living at one address. These incred-ible folks have survived and seen everything, from the Great Depression to last year’s hor-rific hurricane. These centenarians come from all walks of life. They include a World War II veteran, re-tired teachers, and women who supported their families and businesses all throughout their lives. Recently, Clarewood House threw a huge celebration in honor of the residents who are marking their 100th birthday. It was an oppor-tunity to honor their lives and celebrate a mile-stone not many are able to see through. Mr. Speaker, here are the names of the living leg-ends turning 100 years or older this year at Clarewood House: Margaret Kilty, Helen Brown, Byrom Wehner, Charles Omar Logan, Lena Brenner, George McMahan, Margaret Shearer, Inez Heggie, Laura ‘‘Wini’’ Robert-son, Bettye Drisdale, and Virginia Harrell. It is an honor to recognize these extraor-dinary Texans today. Whether it’s just good genes or working out and eating healthy, reaching 100 years old is a truly remarkable feat. I hope they continue to see many more years of life and want to wish each and every one of them a happy birthday. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE SANTA CRUZ YACHT CLUB 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Santa Cruz Yacht Club as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. For 90 years, the Santa Cruz Yacht Club has dedicated itself to the enrichment of our community by supporting yachting and sailing. The Santa Cruz Yacht Club was established in 1928 by local businessmen Bruce Sharp, Charlie Towne, and Sam Leask Jr. Despite low membership and meager availability for meeting venues in the yacht’s early years, the club persisted and soon held their first spon-sored race from Long Beach to San Fran-cisco. Over the next 20 years, the Santa Cruz Yacht Club grew into a community institution. In 1938, they began hosting the premier local sailing event, the Windjammers Race, which remains popular today. In the 1970s, the Santa Cruz Yacht Club was at the forefront of the ultra light displacement boat (ULDB) movement, which revolutionized yacht racing. In the late 1970s, Santa Cruz Yacht Club member Bill Lee’s ULDB Merlin shattered the Trans Pacific Race record, signaling to the rest of the world that Santa Cruz ULDBs could compete at the highest level. Merlin held that record for 20 years. To this day, the Santa Cruz Yacht Club hosts numerous local, regional, national, and international regattas. The Santa Cruz Yacht Club also serves the community by providing a variety of sailing programs and scholastic programs for students of all ages. Additionally, the club offers educational materials on acci-dent prevention and promotes environmentally friendly practices to ensure a clean environ-ment for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the Santa Cruz Yacht Club for their service to the central coast of California. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE SESQUICENTEN-NIAL OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF CONNECTICUT’S NAVY IN-STALLATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, in honor of the Sesquicentennial of Connecti-cut’s Navy installation. On April 11, 1868, one hundred and fifty years ago today, a Deed of Gift from the State of Connecticut and the City of New London was signed, conveyed, and presented to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles, himself a native of Glastonbury, Con-necticut. The suitability of New London Harbor as a possible site for an established Navy base or depot had been discussed as early as 1799, but it was not until 1862 when a naval com-mittee began considering possible locations for such a base. Instead of choosing a com-peting location, southeastern Connecticut’s Congressman Augustus Brandegee suc-ceeded in inserting language into the 1867 Naval Appropriations Act which directed the Secretary of the Navy ‘‘to accept a deed of gift when offered by the State of Connecticut.’’ Following a scouting visit by Commodore J.P. McInstry, the land along the eastern side of the Thames River, straddling the towns of Groton and Ledyard, was selected as the de-sired location. The local New London Navy Yard Committee, led by John Rogers Bolles, purchased all or portions of three large farms and other adjoining parcels to compose that initial gift of land. The footprint of that nascent naval base was only 5,200 feet long and 700 feet wide, but the base slowly expanded as it served in the dry- docking of ships and then as a coaling station. Between 1868 and 1912, the New London Navy Yard supported a diverse range of mis-sions, including berthing inactive Civil War-era ironclad warships and refueling naval vessels traveling in New England waters. The installation’s beginnings as the ‘‘Home of the Submarine Force’’ can be traced to 1900, when the Navy acquired its first sub-marine, USS Holland, for a sum of $160,000. In 1912, Congress rejected the Navy’s pro-posal to close the New London Navy Yard, fol-lowing an impassioned effort by eastern Con-necticut Congressman Edwin W. Higgins, one of my predecessors in this office. During that debate, he stated that the ‘‘action proposed is not only unjust but unreasonable and unsound as a military proposition’’ He was right, and thankfully he prevailed in ensuring that the base remained open. New London then be-came the homeport for six submarines in Oc-tober 1915, as well as the first ship built spe-cifically as a submarine tender, USS Fulton, which arrived that November. One-hundred and fifty years after its humble beginnings, Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don has grown to occupy more than 680 acres along the east side of the Thames River, with more than 160 major facilities, 15 nuclear fast- attack submarines, and more than 70 tenant commands and activities, including the Sub-marine Learning Center, Naval Submarine School, the Naval Submarine Medical Re-search Laboratory, the Naval Undersea Med-ical Institute, and the newly established Under-sea Warfighting Development Center. Every day, our deployed undersea Sailors conduct intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance missions along coastlines across the globe, track the movements of adversary navies, and deter threats to our homeland. While SUBASE New London has grown in size and importance, and the technology aboard submarines has evolved, the men and women who crew these vessels have con-stantly served with Honor, Courage, and Com-mitment. In 1912, Congressman Higgins told his col-leagues in Congress that ‘‘Connecticut stands ready, as she always has, to bear her part of the burdens of the national defense.’’ This re-mains as true today as it was in 1912 or even in 1868. My state is proud to be home of our nation’s ‘‘first and finest’’ submarine base, and I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this important milestone for Connecticut, for our nation, and for all those who serve, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.044 E10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE428 April 10, 2018 
have served, at Naval Submarine Base New London. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MR. ROY FUJIWARA 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Roy Fujiwara, a Honolulu resi-dent, decorated World War II veteran, and loyal American citizen. Mr. Fujiwara was born February 15, 1918, in Seattle, Washington. He enlisted in the U.S. Army on January 17, 1941, soon after Pearl Harbor. He was a patriot prepared to die for his country, telling his family he ‘‘was going, but not coming back.’’ While he served the United States, his fam-ily was removed from their homes and sent to the Puyallup Relocation Center. The family was later separated and sent to internment camps that held Japanese-Americans through-out the war. Mr. Fujiwara joined the Army’s segregated 442nd Regimental Combat Team, a unit that would go on to become the most decorated in the history of the United States Armed Forces. In 1945, the 442nd was ordered to attack Mt. Folgorito in Italy. From its heights on the west-ern terminus of the Gothic Line, the enemy could block American operations all the way to the coast and for several miles out to sea. The mountain had to be taken for the Allies to ad-vance. The 442nd made a surprise attack that re-quired a stealthy eight-hour climb up the mountain in complete darkness. Italian par-tisans led the way, and Mr. Fujiwara climbed carrying the heavy Browning Automatic Rifle, or B.A.R. He remembers the battle at the summit that nearly cost his life: ‘‘The Germans looked for us B.A.R. men because we had the firepower. My buddy got shot, and I could hear him yell, ‘Roy! I’m hit!’ I stuck up my head and the sniper knew exactly where I was . . . Pow!’’ The sniper’s bullet hit Mr. Fujiwara next to his right eye and exited his neck, which still today bears a six-inch scar. Not yet spent, the same bullet shattered his right shoulder. His fellow soldiers carried him down the mountain, and he spent 30 days in the hospital with his arm in a cast and his jaw wired shut. Months of rehabilitation were to follow. The 442nd took the mountain, broke the Gothic Line, and the Allies continued to push the enemy out of Italy. Mr. Fujiwara’s two brothers also served in the U.S. Army. After the war, he returned to find the Seattle Japanese-American community trying to pick up the pieces of its pre-Internment existence. He applied for work at Fredric and Nelson, which he calls the ‘‘biggest and nicest depart-ment store in Seattle at that time’’ and worked there 32 years. The store had not hired Japa-nese Americans until Mr. Fujiwara broke the color barrier. He met and married Sei Kanogawa, who passed away in 2012, and has one son, Tod Fujiwara, who lives in Hono-lulu. 442nd Regimental Combat Team veterans, including Mr. Fujiwara, were awarded the Con-gressional Gold Medal in a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol in November 2011. Mr. Fujiwara also earned the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, and Combat Infantryman’s Badge for his serv-ice. Mr. Fujiwara turned 100 years old on Feb-ruary 15, 2018, celebrating with his family and friends in Honolulu. He remains a patriotic American and an American hero for serving his country and enduring the wounds his serv-ice brought. He has led a productive life, has a great sense of humor, and always conducts himself with dignity, in spite of the many chal-lenges he has faced. He is a treasure to his native state of Washington, his new home state of Hawaii, and the United States of America. I extend my sincerest birthday wish-es to Roy Fujiwara and wish him many more healthy and happy years. f 
EQUAL PAY DAY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 10, 2018 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, this Equal Pay Day, I rise to call for the closing of the gender pay gap. Last year, women earned a meager 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man. That’s a $10,000 difference in paychecks or another 100 days of work to earn what men earned just last year. That’s shameful. Even more shameful: for women of color, the pay gap is even wider: 63 cents on the dollar for Black women; and 54 cents for Latinas. In my own district, the gender pay gap stands at 89 cents. While that is better than most, we cannot rest until women in Central Ohio and across the country are paid dollar-for-dollar. Congress can help make pay equity a re-ality by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would make it harder for pay discrimina-tion to infect the workplace. Because, when women are given a level playing field, companies benefit, families pros-per, communities grow, and our economy is stronger. Yes, when women succeed, America suc-ceeds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10AP8.047 E10APPT1
D360 Tuesday, April 10, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2021–S2045 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2636–2643, and S. Res. 453–456.
                                                       Page S2040 
Measures Reported: H.R. 1404, to provide for the conveyance of cer-tain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona. (S. Rept. No. 115–222) H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–223) 
                                                                                    Pages S2039–40 
Measures Passed: Relative to the Death of Zell Bryan Miller: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 454, relative to the death of Zell Bryan Miller, the former Governor and Senator of the State of Georgia.
                                          Page S2044 
Relative to the Death of Daniel K. Akaka: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 455, relative to the death of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka, Senator from the State of Hawaii.
                                                          Page S2044 
Majority Party Committee Membership for the 115th Congress: Senate agreed to S. Res. 456, to constitute the majority party’s membership on cer-tain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen. 
                                                                                            Page S2044 
Military Retiree Appreciation Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 377, recognizing the importance of paying tribute to those individuals who have faith-fully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and encour-aging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.
            Pages S2044–45 Ring Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. 
                                                                Pages S2028–29, S2029–32 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 66), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2028–29 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at 12:20 p.m., on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination.
                        Page S2032 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, April 11, 2018.
                               Page S2045 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 96 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 65), Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky.
                                                 Pages S2021–28, S2045 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury. Emin Toro, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. Wendy Williams Berger, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida. Holly A. Brady, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana. Andrew Lynn Brasher, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama. Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. John M. O’Connor, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma. Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D361 April 10, 2018 
Allen Cothrel Winsor, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida. Patrick R. Wyrick, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army.
                              Page S2045 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2035–39 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2039 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2040–41 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2042–44 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2034–35 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2044 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—66)
                                                           Pages S2028–29 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memo-ries of the late Zell Bryan Miller, the former Gov-ernor and Senator of the State of Georgia, and Daniel K. Akaka, Senator from the State of Hawaii, in ac-cordance with S. Res. 454 and S. Res. 455, at 6:25 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Wednesday, April 11, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2045.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Transportation Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from General Darren W. McDew, USAF, Commander, United States Transportation Command, Department of Defense. FACEBOOK Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a joint hearing with the Com-mittee on the Judiciary to examine Facebook, Social Media Privacy, and the use and abuse of data, after receiving testimony from Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook, Menlo Park, California. FEDERALISM UNDER THE CLEAN AIR ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine cooperative federalism under the Clean Air Act, focusing on state perspec-tives, after receiving testimony from Nancy E. Vehr, Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality, Cheyenne; Sean Alteri, Kentucky Department for Environmental Protection, Frankfort; Toby Baker, Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, Aus-tin; Matthew Rodriquez, California Environmental Protection Agency, Sacramento; and Shawn M. Gar-vin, Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, Dover. REGIONAL STRATEGY FOR DEMOCRATIC GOVERNANCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine the Summit of the Americas, focusing on a regional strategy for democratic governance against corrup-tion in the hemisphere, after receiving testimony from Eric Farnsworth, Council of the Americas and Americas Society, and Eric L. Olson, Woodrow Wil-son International Center for Scholars Latin American Program, both of Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Sharon Fast Gustafson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Op-portunity Commission, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD362 April 10, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5443–5465; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 132; H. Con. Res. 117; and H. Res. 812–813 were introduced.
                                                Pages H3094–95 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3096 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 35, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–626, Part 1); H.R. 4203, to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–627); H.R. 5178, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for small business concerns located in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–628); and H. Res. 811, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem sole rulemaking authority, to exclude commu-nity banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–629).
                                                                      Page H3094 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mimi Walters (CA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                     Page H3065 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:12 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3066 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Sam Smucker, Worship Cen-ter, Lancaster, PA.
                                             Pages H3066–67 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 166 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 132.
                                                             Pages H3067, H3082–83 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 5 p.m.
                                                          Page H3068 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Surface Transportation Board Information Secu-rity Improvement Act: H.R. 4921, amended, to re-quire the Surface Board of Transportation to imple-ment certain recommendations of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Transportation;                                                                           Pages H3068, H3083 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation.’’.
               Page H3083 
Federal Railroad Administration Safety Data Improvement Act: H.R. 4925, to require the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Railroad Administration to implement certain recommendations for manage-ment and collection of railroad safety data; 
                                                                                    Pages H3068–69 
Supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia: H. Res. 128, amended, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia; 
                                                                                    Pages H3069–75 
Combat Online Predators Act: H.R. 4203, amended, to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 131; and 
                                                                Pages H3078–80, H3081–82 
End Banking for Human Traffickers Act: H.R. 2219, amended, to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 408 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 130.
                                                             Pages H3075–78, H3081 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3081. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3081, H3082, and H3082–83. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:36 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
VOLCKER RULE REGULATORY HARMONIZATION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4790, the ‘‘Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmoni-zation Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a closed rule that provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 4790. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D363 April 10, 2018 
that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–67 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of April 12, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House sus-pend the rules relating to H.J. Res. 2, proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The rule provides that debate on such a motion shall be extended to four hours. The rule provides that the Chair may postpone further consideration of such a motion to a time designated by the Speaker. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Hill and Maxine Waters of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Missile Defense Agency, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Agriculture, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Admin-istration, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Transportation, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine Special Operations Command’s efforts to transform the force for future security challenges; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 10 a.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine the health of the Department of Defense industrial base and its role in providing readi-ness to the warfighter, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine United States nuclear weapons policy, programs, and strategy in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s budget and economic out-look, focusing on fiscal years 2018–2028, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Patrick Fuchs, of Wisconsin, and Michelle A. Schultz, of Pennsyl-vania, both to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utili-zation and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipe-lines, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine market access challenges in China, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, focusing on prioritizing a culture of preparedness, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore account-ability in the Indian Health Service, improve health serv-ices, and S. 2515, to amend the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian Tribes; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for Indian Pro-grams, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, and Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD364 April 10, 2018 Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-ings to examine defeating fentanyl, focusing on address-ing the deadliest drugs fueling the opioid crisis, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Benefits, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Rail Safety and Infrastruc-ture—Stakeholder Perspectives’’, 9:30 a.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the National Institutes of Health, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the Internal Revenue Service, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of the Inte-rior, 10 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the U.S. Strategic Command, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hear-ing will be closed. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, budget hearing on the Department of the Treasury International Programs, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the Department of Homeland Security, 11 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the U.S. Capitol Police, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Operations Today: Preparing for 21st Century Challenges in an Information-Enabled Society’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 1:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review and Assessment of the De-partment of Defense Budget, Strategy, Policy, and Pro-grams for Cyber Operations and U.S. Cyber Command for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Facebook: Transparency and Use of Consumer Data’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Restoration of Puerto Rico’s Electric Infrastructure’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, begin hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Improving the Ability of Medicare and Medicaid to Provide Care for Patients’’, 2:15 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2018 Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Financing Overseas Development: The Adminis-tration’s Proposal’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘North Korea’s Diplomatic Gambit: Will History Repeat Itself?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘No Abducted Child Left Behind: An Update on the Goldman Act’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5283, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 7, title 20, and title 43, United States Code; H.R. 5293, to make technical amendments to update statutory ref-erences to certain provisions that were formerly classified to title 50, Appendix, United States Code; H.R. 5335, to make technical amendments to update statutory ref-erences to provisions reclassified to title 34, United States Code; H.R. 5344, to make technical amendments to up-date statutory references to certain provisions which were formerly classified to chapters 14 and 19 of title 25, United States Code; and legislation on the Music Mod-ernization Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain oper-ation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; H.R. 3392, the ‘‘Lake Bistineau Land Title Sta-bility Act’’; H.R. 3997, the ‘‘Free Veterans from Fees Act’’; H.R. 4257, the ‘‘Advancing Conservation and Edu-cation Act’’; and H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Serv-ices Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes; H.R. 1791, the ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Act’’; H.R. 2991, the ‘‘Sus-quehanna National Heritage Area Act’’; and H.R. 3045, the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Extension Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘Local Responses and Resources to Curtail the Opioid Epidemic’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Scholars or Spies: Foreign Plots Targeting America’s Research and Development’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D365 April 10, 2018 Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Trade for America’s Small Busi-nesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, markup on H.R. 1206, to amend title 38, United States Code, to include the cost of apply-ing to an institution of higher learning as part of the benefits provided under the Post-9/11 Educational Assist-ance Program; H.R. 3023, to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay reporting fees to educational institutions; H.R. 3940, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for housing stipends and supply fee pay-ments under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Pro-gram for individuals affected by extended school closures due to natural disasters; H.R. 4451, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs; H.R. 4830, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs un-less the educational institution providing the course per-mits individuals to attend or participate in courses pend-ing payment by Department, and for other purposes; H.R. 4835, to extend the pilot program on off-base tran-sition training for veterans and spouses; and H.R. 5044, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the con-tracting goals and preferences of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on legislation to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; legislation to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the in-formation technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; H.R. 2901, the ‘‘Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5440, to require notice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center; H.R. 5438, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers information regarding low-income taxpayer clinics; legislation to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods; H.R. 5437, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for the issuance of identity protection personal identification numbers; H.R. 5439, to provide for a single point of contact at the In-ternal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are victims of tax-related identity theft; legislation to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt organizations and provide for making such returns available for public inspection; H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act’’; H.R. 1512, the ‘‘Social Security Child Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5192, the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine unleashing America’s economic potential, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD366 April 10, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:20 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of John F. Ring, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of H.R. 4293—Stress Test Improvement Act and H.R. 4061—Financial Stability Oversight Council Improve-ment Act. Begin consideration of H.R. 4790—Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: H.J. Res. 2—Proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E411 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E428 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E423, E425 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E420, E425 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E409 Buck, Ken, Colo., E419 Carter, John R., Tex., E421, E426 Cook, Paul, Calif., E410 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E427 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E422 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E419, E422 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E414, E418, E422, E424, E425, E426 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E409, E411 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E424 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E424 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E420 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E413 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E428 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E412, E418 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E413 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E416 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E412 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E426 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E410, E414 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E409 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E416, E423 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E415 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E416, E420 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E427 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E411, E412, E413, E414, E415, E415, E416, E418, E419, E419 Poe, Ted, Tex., E427 Polis, Jared, Colo., E412 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E415 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E417 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E419 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E421 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E411, E414, E422 Valadao, David G., Calif., E414 Walker, Mark, N.C., E409 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E411 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E417 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10AP8.REC D10APPT1