Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H10173 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2018 No. 197 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
OEof Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
EDPOEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Throughout history You have been ever-present to all believers. In times of darkness we readily turn on lights. Millions of Americans in this season have variously turned to the celebra-tion of the Christmas season with its trees and lights, and Hanukkah, the Festival of Lights. Even so, in our political world, there remains the reality of considerable dis-agreement and contention. Where there is darkness here, send forth a spark of inspiration and grace to enlighten minds and warm hearts to respond to Your love for Your people. Eternal Father of us all, fill Your children with the delight that comes from light. May we walk no longer in the darkness of distrust, but join to-gether in mutual understanding and peace toward the common well-being of our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE NATIONAL GUARD’S BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 382nd birthday of the National Guard. A component of the United States Army, the National Guard is primarily composed of citizen-soldiers who hold down full-time, civilian jobs or attend school. They serve their community and their country. Each U.S. State, the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories of Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands maintain both an Army National Guard and an Air National Guard. On December 13, 1636, the Massachu-setts General Court issued an order re-quiring all able-bodied men between 16 and 60 years old to create a standing army for protection. With that order, what we now know as America’s Na-tional Guard was born. The idea was simple: establish an army of citizen- soldiers who could be called upon to fight when needed. Mr. Speaker, I commend all those who join the ranks of the esteemed Na-tional Guard. They answer the call of duty to protect their community and their country. We are grateful for their service and proud of their commit-ment. Happy 382nd birthday to the National Guard. f 
EMERGENT BILINGUALS (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, too many students are being overlooked by our education system. These students are emergent bilinguals, a group that makes up 10 percent of the K–12 stu-dent population. In the law, we refer to them as English learners, students whose na-tive language is one other than English and who are not yet English proficient. But when we call students ELs day to day, we ignore the important fact that they are already proficient in another language, whether it is Spanish, Chi-nese, or Arabic. As these students learn English, they become bilingual, and bilingualism is an incredible asset in our global soci-ety. We benefit, and we need to shift our view of emergent bilinguals and recognize their great potential. We must recognize that by investing in their success, we all benefit. Sarah Hesson, a Rhode Island educa-tor, introduced me to the term ‘‘emer-gent bilinguals,’’ and I encourage my colleagues to use it as well and to cele-brate students’ emerging bilingualism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.000 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10174 December 13, 2018 
After all, it is a gift that will empower students to become more successful later in life. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THE LIFE OF CORPORAL DANIEL BAKER (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of an American hero and son of Illi-nois. Last Thursday, Corporal Daniel Baker of Tremont, Illinois, was aboard a KC–130 refueling aircraft that col-lided with an F/A–18 Hornet during a training mission over the ocean south of Japan. Following a search and res-cue mission, Corporal Baker was de-clared deceased this past Tuesday morning. He was 21 years old. Born and raised in Tremont, Illinois, Daniel Baker was known by friends and family to be a man of deep faith who was kind, compassionate, and sincere. In 2015, Daniel graduated from Tremont High School and felt a deep calling to serve his country in the mili-tary. Corporal Baker served 2 years in the United States Marine Corps. He re-ceived the National Defense Service Medal and the Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal. Corporal Baker was taken from this world way too early, but he embodied every quality we seek to impart upon young men and women in this country, and he will be deeply missed by his friends, family, and the Tremont com-munity. May we continue to keep Daniel and his family in our thoughts and prayers. We will never forget his selfless sac-rifice to our country. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I would request that the House of Representa-tives honor his service with a moment of silence. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WALLA WALLA COUNTY SHERIFF JOHN TURNER (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Turner, who is re-tiring from his role as Walla Walla County Sheriff. He honorably served the public in this role for 8 years. Sheriff Turner dedicated himself to working to make his community safer. He sought to provide 24/7 patrol cov-erage, reestablish the K–9 program, ad-dress gang activity in the county, and proactively address other public safety concerns. He was nominated by his peers across Washington State for the National Sheriffs’ Association Ferris E. Lucas Award for National Sheriff of the Year and received the National Sheriffs’ As-sociation Medal of Merit for his out-standing positive accomplishments. In his retirement announcement, Sheriff Turner wrote: ‘‘Being Walla Walla County Sheriff for the last two terms has been one of the greatest hon-ors of my life. As I wind down my sec-ond term, I ask that you continue to keep those brave men and women who regularly and selflessly go into harm’s way in your positive thoughts and prayers.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Sheriff John Tur-ner for his tremendous service to the people of Walla Walla County and Washington State. f 
CALLING ON THE GOVERNMENT OF BURMA TO RELEASE BUR-MESE JOURNALISTS WA LONE AND KYAW SOE OO The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1091) calling on the Government of Burma to release Burmese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sentenced to seven years imprisonment after investigating at-tacks against civilians by Burma’s military and security forces, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 394, nays 1, not voting 37, as follows: 
[Roll No. 435] YEAS—394 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Biggs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.003 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10175 December 13, 2018 
NOT VOTING—37 
Barletta Beyer Bishop (UT) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Clay Comstock Cramer Curbelo (FL) Denham DesJarlais Donovan Duncan (TN) Ellison Fudge Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Knight Labrador Love Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Paulsen Polis Renacci Richmond Rokita Stewart Trott Visclosky Wagner Walz 
b1111 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that atrocities committed against the Rohingya by the Burmese military and security forces since August 2017 con-stitute crimes against humanity and genocide and calling on the Govern-ment of Burma to release Burmese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sentenced to seven years imprisonment after investigating attacks against ci-vilians by the Burmese military and se-curity forces, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JUVENILE JUSTICE REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 6964) to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARPER ). The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Application of amendments. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS Sec. 101. Purposes. Sec. 102. Definitions. TITLE II—CHARLES GRASSLEY JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVEN-TION PROGRAM Sec. 201. Concentration of Federal efforts. Sec. 202. Coordinating Council on Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention. Sec. 203. Annual report. Sec. 204. Allocation of funds. Sec. 205. State plans. Sec. 206. Repeal of juvenile delinquency preven-tion block grant program. Sec. 207. Research and evaluation; statistical analyses; information dissemina-tion. Sec. 208. Training and technical assistance. Sec. 209. Administrative authority. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR PRIS-ON REDUCTION THROUGH OPPORTUNI-TIES, MENTORING, INTERVENTION, SUP-PORT, AND EDUCATION Sec. 301. Short Title. Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. Duties and functions of the adminis-trator. Sec. 304. Grants for delinquency prevention programs. Sec. 305. Grants for tribal delinquency preven-tion and response programs. Sec. 306. Evaluation by Government Account-ability Office. Sec. 307. Technical amendment. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Evaluation by Government Account-ability Office. Sec. 402. Authorization of appropriations; ac-countability and oversight. SEC. 3. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS. 
The amendments made by this Act shall not apply with respect to funds appropriated for any fiscal year that begins before the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS 
SEC. 101. PURPOSES. 
Section 102 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11102) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) to assist State, tribal, and local govern-ments in addressing juvenile crime through the provision of technical assistance, research, training, evaluation, and the dissemination of current and relevant information on effective and evidence-based programs and practices for combating juvenile delinquency; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to support a continuum of evidence-based or promising programs (including delinquency prevention, intervention, mental health, behav-ioral health and substance abuse treatment, family services, and services for children ex-posed to violence) that are trauma informed, re-flect the science of adolescent development, and are designed to meet the needs of at-risk youth and youth who come into contact with the jus-tice system.’’. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11103) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-paragraph (C); (2) in paragraph (18)— (A) by inserting ‘‘for purposes of title II,’’ be-fore ‘‘the term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘that has a law enforcement function, as deter-mined by the Secretary of the Interior in con-sultation with the Attorney General;’’; (3) by amending paragraph (22) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(22) the term ‘jail or lockup for adults’ means a secure facility that is used by a State, unit of local government, or law enforcement authority to detain or confine adult inmates;’’; (4) by amending paragraph (25) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(25) the term ‘sight or sound contact’ means any physical, clear visual, or verbal contact that is not brief and inadvertent;’’; (5) by amending paragraph (26) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(26) the term ‘adult inmate’— ‘‘(A) means an individual who— ‘‘(i) has reached the age of full criminal re-sponsibility under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested and is in custody for or awaiting trial on a criminal charge, or is con-victed of a criminal offense; and ‘‘(B) does not include an individual who— ‘‘(i) at the time of the offense, was younger than the maximum age at which a youth can be held in a juvenile facility under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) was committed to the care and custody or supervision, including post-placement or parole supervision, of a juvenile correctional agency by a court of competent jurisdiction or by operation of applicable State law;’’; (6) in paragraph (28), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (7) in paragraph (29), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(30) the term ‘core requirements’— ‘‘(A) means the requirements described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (15) of section 223(a); and ‘‘(B) does not include the data collection re-quirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (K) of section 207(1); ‘‘(31) the term ‘chemical agent’ means a spray or injection used to temporarily incapacitate a person, including oleoresin capsicum spray, tear gas, and 2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile gas; ‘‘(32) the term ‘isolation’— ‘‘(A) means any instance in which a youth is confined alone for more than 15 minutes in a room or cell; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) confinement during regularly scheduled sleeping hours; ‘‘(ii) separation based on a treatment program approved by a licensed medical or mental health professional; ‘‘(iii) confinement or separation that is re-quested by the youth; or ‘‘(iv) the separation of the youth from a group in a nonlocked setting for the limited purpose of calming; ‘‘(33) the term ‘restraints’ has the meaning given that term in section 591 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290ii); ‘‘(34) the term ‘evidence-based’ means a pro-gram or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective when im-plemented with fidelity; ‘‘(B) is based on a clearly articulated and em-pirically supported theory; ‘‘(C) has measurable outcomes relevant to ju-venile justice, including a detailed description of the outcomes produced in a particular popu-lation, whether urban or rural; and ‘‘(D) has been scientifically tested and proven effective through randomized control studies or comparison group studies and with the ability to replicate and scale; ‘‘(35) the term ‘promising’ means a program or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective based on positive outcomes relevant to juvenile justice from one or more objective, independent, and scientifically valid evaluations, as documented in writing to the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) will be evaluated through a well-de-signed and rigorous study, as described in para-graph (34)(D); ‘‘(36) the term ‘dangerous practice’ means an act, procedure, or program that creates an un-reasonable risk of physical injury, pain, or psy-chological harm to a juvenile subjected to the act, procedure, or program; ‘‘(37) the term ‘screening’ means a brief proc-ess— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.003 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10176 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(A) designed to identify youth who may have mental health, behavioral health, substance abuse, or other needs requiring immediate atten-tion, intervention, and further evaluation; and ‘‘(B) the purpose of which is to quickly iden-tify a youth with possible mental health, behav-ioral health, substance abuse, or other needs in need of further assessment; ‘‘(38) the term ‘assessment’ includes, at a min-imum, an interview and review of available records and other pertinent information— ‘‘(A) by an appropriately trained professional who is licensed or certified by the applicable State in the mental health, behavioral health, or substance abuse fields; and ‘‘(B) which is designed to identify significant mental health, behavioral health, or substance abuse treatment needs to be addressed during a youth’s confinement; ‘‘(39) for purposes of section 223(a)(15), the term ‘contact’ means the points at which a youth and the juvenile justice system or crimi-nal justice system officially intersect, including interactions with a juvenile justice, juvenile court, or law enforcement official; ‘‘(40) the term ‘trauma-informed’ means— ‘‘(A) understanding the impact that exposure to violence and trauma have on a youth’s phys-ical, psychological, and psychosocial develop-ment; ‘‘(B) recognizing when a youth has been ex-posed to violence and trauma and is in need of help to recover from the adverse impacts of trau-ma; and ‘‘(C) responding in ways that resist retrauma-tization; ‘‘(41) the term ‘racial and ethnic disparity’ means minority youth populations are involved at a decision point in the juvenile justice system at disproportionately higher rates than non-mi-nority youth at that decision point; ‘‘(42) the term ‘status offender’ means a juve-nile who is charged with or who has committed an offense that would not be criminal if com-mitted by an adult; ‘‘(43) the term ‘rural’ means an area that is not located in a metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budg-et; ‘‘(44) the term ‘internal controls’ means a process implemented to provide reasonable as-surance regarding the achievement of objectives in— ‘‘(A) effectiveness and efficiency of oper-ations, such as grant management practices; ‘‘(B) reliability of reporting for internal and external use; and ‘‘(C) compliance with applicable laws and reg-ulations, as well as recommendations of the Of-fice of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office; and ‘‘(45) the term ‘tribal government’ means the governing body of an Indian Tribe.’’. TITLE II—CHARLES GRASSLEY JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVEN-TION PROGRAM 
SEC. 201. CONCENTRATION OF FEDERAL EF-FORTS. 
Section 204 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11114) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘a long-term plan, and imple-ment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘a long-term plan to improve the juvenile justice system in the United States, taking into account scientific knowledge regarding adolescent development and behavior and regarding the effects of delin-quency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adolescents, and shall imple-ment’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘research, and improvement of the juvenile justice system in the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘and research’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘Federal Register’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Federal Register during the 30-day period end-ing on October 1 of each year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, in consultation with Indian Tribes, de-velop a policy for the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention to collaborate with representatives of Indian Tribes with a criminal justice function on the implementation of the provisions of this Act relating to Indian Tribes;’’; (D) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘monitoring’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 223(a)(15)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 223(a)(14)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to review the adequacy of such systems; and’’ and inserting ‘‘for moni-toring compliance.’’. SEC. 202. COORDINATING COUNCIL ON JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PRE-VENTION. 
Section 206 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11116) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, the Sec-retary of the Interior,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Health and Human Services,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘United States’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Government’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (12)(A), (13), and (14) of section 223(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘the core requirements’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, on an annual basis’’ after ‘‘col-lectively’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the comple-tion of the last meeting of the Council during any fiscal year, submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate a report that— ‘‘(i) contains the recommendations described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) includes a detailed account of the activi-ties conducted by the Council during the fiscal year, including a complete detailed accounting of expenses incurred by the Council to conduct operations in accordance with this section; ‘‘(iii) is published on the websites of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the Council, and the Department of Justice; and ‘‘(iv) is in addition to the annual report re-quired under section 207.’’. 
SEC. 203. ANNUAL REPORT. 
Section 207 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11117) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘each fis-cal year’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and gender’’ and inserting ‘‘, gender, and ethnicity, as such term is defined by the Bureau of the Census,’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (F)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and other’’ before ‘‘disabil-ities,’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a summary of data from 1 month of the applicable fiscal year of the use of restraints and isolation upon juveniles held in the custody of secure detention and correctional facilities operated by a State or unit of local government; ‘‘(H) the number of status offense cases peti-tioned to court, number of status offenders held in secure detention, the findings used to justify the use of secure detention, and the average pe-riod of time a status offender was held in secure detention; ‘‘(I) the number of juveniles released from cus-tody and the type of living arrangement to which they are released; ‘‘(J) the number of juveniles whose offense originated on school grounds, during school- sponsored off-campus activities, or due to a re-ferral by a school official, as collected and re-ported by the Department of Education or simi-lar State educational agency; and ‘‘(K) the number of juveniles in the custody of secure detention and correctional facilities oper-ated by a State or unit of local or tribal govern-ment who report being pregnant.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A description of the criteria used to deter-mine what programs qualify as evidence-based and promising programs under this title and title V and a comprehensive list of those pro-grams the Administrator has determined meet such criteria in both rural and urban areas. ‘‘(6) A description of funding provided to In-dian Tribes under this Act or for a juvenile de-linquency or prevention program under the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–211; 124 Stat. 2261), including direct Federal grants and funding provided to Indian Tribes through a State or unit of local government. ‘‘(7) An analysis and evaluation of the inter-nal controls at the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention to determine if grantees are following the requirements of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention grant programs and what remedial action the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention has taken to recover any grant funds that are expended in violation of the grant pro-grams, including instances— ‘‘(A) in which supporting documentation was not provided for cost reports; ‘‘(B) where unauthorized expenditures oc-curred; or ‘‘(C) where subrecipients of grant funds were not compliant with program requirements. ‘‘(8) An analysis and evaluation of the total amount of payments made to grantees that the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention recouped from grantees that were found to be in violation of policies and procedures of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention grant programs, including— ‘‘(A) the full name and location of the grant-ee; ‘‘(B) the violation of the program found; ‘‘(C) the amount of funds sought to be re-couped by the Office of Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention; and ‘‘(D) the actual amount recouped by the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion.’’. 
SEC. 204. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11131(b)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 per-cent’’. (b) O
THER ALLOCATIONS .—Section 222 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11132) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘age eight-een’’ and inserting ‘‘18 years of age, based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10177 December 13, 2018 
the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) If the aggregate amount appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fis-cal year shall be not less than $400,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $75,000. ‘‘(B) If the aggregate amount appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is not less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fis-cal year shall be not less than $600,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $100,000.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘efficient ad-ministration, including monitoring, evaluation, and one full-time staff position’’ and inserting ‘‘effective and efficient administration of funds, including the designation of not less than one individual who shall coordinate efforts to achieve and sustain compliance with the core requirements and certify whether the State is in compliance with such requirements’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘5 per cen-tum of the minimum’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 5 percent of the’’. (c) C
HARLES GRASSLEY JUVENILE JUSTICE AND  D
ELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAM .—Part B of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11131 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the part heading, by striking ‘‘F
EDERAL  A
SSISTANCE FOR STATE AND LOCAL PROGRAMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘C
HARLES GRASSLEY JUVENILE  J
USTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PRO-
GRAM ’’; and (2) by inserting before section 221 the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SHORT TITLE  ‘‘S
EC. 220. This part may be cited as the ‘Charles Grassley Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Program’.’’. 
SEC. 205. STATE PLANS. 
Section 223 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11133) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and shall describe the status of com-pliance with State plan requirements.’’ and in-serting ‘‘and shall describe how the State plan is supported by or takes account of scientific knowledge regarding adolescent development and behavior and regarding the effects of delin-quency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adolescents. Not later than 60 days after the date on which a plan or amended plan submitted under this subsection is final-ized, a State shall make the plan or amended plan publicly available by posting the plan or amended plan on the State’s publicly available website.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘described in section 299(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘as designated by the chief executive officer of the State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘adolescent de-velopment,’’ after ‘‘concerning’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘mental health, education, special education’’ and in-serting ‘‘child and adolescent mental health, education, child and adolescent substance abuse, special education, services for youth with disabilities’’; (bb) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘delinquents or potential delinquents’’ and inserting ‘‘delin-quent youth or youth at risk of delinquency’’; (cc) in subclause (VI), by striking ‘‘youth workers involved with’’ and inserting ‘‘rep-resentatives of’’; (dd) in subclause (VII), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ee) by striking subclause (VIII) and inserting the following: ‘‘(VIII) persons, licensed or certified by the applicable State, with expertise and competence in preventing and addressing mental health and substance abuse needs in delinquent youth and youth at risk of delinquency; ‘‘(IX) representatives of victim or witness ad-vocacy groups, including at least one individual with expertise in addressing the challenges of sexual abuse and exploitation and trauma, par-ticularly the needs of youth who experience dis-proportionate levels of sexual abuse, exploi-tation, and trauma before entering the juvenile justice system; and ‘‘(X) for a State in which one or more Indian Tribes are located, an Indian tribal representa-tive (if such representative is available) or other individual with significant expertise in tribal law enforcement and juvenile justice in Indian tribal communities;’’; (III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘24 at the time of appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘28 at the time of initial appointment’’; and (IV) in clause (v) by inserting ‘‘or, if not fea-sible and in appropriate circumstances, who is the parent or guardian of someone who has been or is currently under the jurisdiction of the juvenile justice system’’ after ‘‘juvenile justice system’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘at least annu-ally recommendations regarding State compli-ance with the requirements of paragraphs (11), (12), and (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘at least every 2 years a report and necessary recommendations regarding State compliance with the core re-quirements’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (D) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘Indian tribes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘applicable to the detention and confinement of juveniles’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribes that agree to at-tempt to comply with the core requirements ap-plicable to the detention and confinement of ju-veniles’’; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘performs law enforcement functions’’ and inserting ‘‘has jurisdiction’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) a plan to provide alternatives to deten-tion for status offenders, survivors of commer-cial sexual exploitation, and others, where ap-propriate, such as specialized or problem-solving courts or diversion to home-based or community- based services or treatment for those youth in need of mental health, substance abuse, or co- occurring disorder services at the time such ju-veniles first come into contact with the juvenile justice system; ‘‘(v) a plan to reduce the number of children housed in secure detention and corrections fa-cilities who are awaiting placement in residen-tial treatment programs; ‘‘(vi) a plan to engage family members, where appropriate, in the design and delivery of juve-nile delinquency prevention and treatment serv-ices, particularly post-placement; ‘‘(vii) a plan to use community-based services to respond to the needs of at-risk youth or youth who have come into contact with the ju-venile justice system; ‘‘(viii) a plan to promote evidence-based and trauma-informed programs and practices; and ‘‘(ix) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, a plan which shall be implemented not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, to— ‘‘(I) eliminate the use of restraints of known pregnant juveniles housed in secure juvenile de-tention and correction facilities, during labor, delivery, and post-partum recovery, unless cred-ible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the de-tainee presents an immediate and serious threat of hurting herself, staff, or others; and ‘‘(II) eliminate the use of abdominal re-straints, leg and ankle restraints, wrist re-straints behind the back, and four-point re-straints on known pregnant juveniles, unless— ‘‘(aa) credible, reasonable grounds exist to be-lieve the detainee presents an immediate and se-rious threat of hurting herself, staff, or others; or ‘‘(bb) reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and credible risk of escape that cannot be reasonably minimized through any other method;’’; (F) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘existing’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence-based and promising’’; (G) in paragraph (9)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, with priority in funding given to entities meeting the criteria for evidence-based or promising programs’’ after ‘‘used for’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘status offenders and other’’ before ‘‘youth who need’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (III) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) for youth who need specialized intensive and comprehensive services that address the unique issues encountered by youth when they become involved with gangs;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (I) by striking ‘‘parents and other family members’’ and inserting ‘‘status offenders, other youth, and the parents and other family mem-bers of such offenders and youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘be retained’’ and inserting ‘‘remain’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘delinquent’’ and inserting ‘‘at-risk or de-linquent youth’’; and (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, including for truancy prevention and reduction’’ before the semicolon; (v) in subparagraph (F), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘expanding’’ and inserting ‘‘programs to expand’’; (vi) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) through (S) as subparagraphs (H) through (T), respectively; (vii) by inserting after subparagraph (F), the following: ‘‘(G) programs— ‘‘(i) to ensure youth have access to appro-priate legal representation; and ‘‘(ii) to expand access to publicly supported, court-appointed legal counsel who are trained to represent juveniles in adjudication pro-ceedings, except that the State may not use more than 2 percent of the funds received under section 222 for these purposes;’’; (viii) in subparagraph (H), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘State,’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘State, tribal,’’; (ix) in subparagraph (M), as so redesignated— 
(I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘pre-adjudication and’’ be-fore ‘‘post-adjudication’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10178 December 13, 2018 
(bb) by striking ‘‘restraints’’ and inserting ‘‘alternatives’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘specialized or problem-solv-ing courts,’’ after ‘‘(including’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘by the provision by the Ad-ministrator’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘to States’’; (x) in subparagraph (N), as so redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘and reduce the risk of recidi-vism’’ after ‘‘families’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘so that such juveniles may be retained in their homes’’; (xi) in subparagraph (S), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (xii) in subparagraph (T), as so redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘or co-occurring disorder’’ after ‘‘mental health’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘court-involved or’’ before ‘‘incarcerated’’; (III) by striking ‘‘suspected to be’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘and discharge plans’’ and inserting ‘‘provision of treatment, and develop-ment of discharge plans’’; and (V) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (xiii) by inserting after subparagraph (T) the following: ‘‘(U) programs and projects designed— ‘‘(i) to inform juveniles of the opportunity and process for sealing and expunging juvenile records; and ‘‘(ii) to assist juveniles in pursuing juvenile record sealing and expungements for both adju-dications and arrests not followed by adjudica-tions; except that the State may not use more than 2 percent of the funds received under section 222 for these purposes; ‘‘(V) programs that address the needs of girls in or at risk of entering the juvenile justice sys-tem, including pregnant girls, young mothers, survivors of commercial sexual exploitation or domestic child sex trafficking, girls with disabil-ities, and girls of color, including girls who are members of an Indian Tribe; and ‘‘(W) monitoring for compliance with the core requirements and providing training and tech-nical assistance on the core requirements to se-cure facilities;’’; (H) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting the following: ‘‘(11)(A) in accordance with rules issued by the Administrator, provide that a juvenile shall not be placed in a secure detention facility or a secure correctional facility, if— ‘‘(i) the juvenile is charged with or has com-mitted an offense that would not be criminal if committed by an adult, excluding— ‘‘(I) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of section 922(x)(2) of title 18, United States Code, or of a similar State law; ‘‘(II) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of a valid court order issued and reviewed in accordance with para-graph (23); and ‘‘(III) a juvenile who is held in accordance with the Interstate Compact on Juveniles as en-acted by the State; or ‘‘(ii) the juvenile— ‘‘(I) is not charged with any offense; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is an alien; or ‘‘(bb) is alleged to be dependent, neglected, or abused; and ‘‘(B) require that— ‘‘(i) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, unless a court finds, after a hearing and in writing, that it is in the interest of justice, juve-niles awaiting trial or other legal process who are treated as adults for purposes of prosecution in criminal court and housed in a secure facil-ity— ‘‘(I) shall not have sight or sound contact with adult inmates; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in paragraph (13), may not be held in any jail or lockup for adults; ‘‘(ii) in determining under clause (i) whether it is in the interest of justice to permit a juvenile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or have sight or sound contact with adult inmates, a court shall consider— ‘‘(I) the age of the juvenile; ‘‘(II) the physical and mental maturity of the juvenile; ‘‘(III) the present mental state of the juvenile, including whether the juvenile presents an im-minent risk of harm to the juvenile; ‘‘(IV) the nature and circumstances of the al-leged offense; ‘‘(V) the juvenile’s history of prior delinquent acts; ‘‘(VI) the relative ability of the available adult and juvenile detention facilities to not only meet the specific needs of the juvenile but also to protect the safety of the public as well as other detained youth; and ‘‘(VII) any other relevant factor; and ‘‘(iii) if a court determines under clause (i) that it is in the interest of justice to permit a ju-venile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults— ‘‘(I) the court shall hold a hearing not less frequently than once every 30 days, or in the case of a rural jurisdiction, not less frequently than once every 45 days, to review whether it is still in the interest of justice to permit the juve-nile to be so held or have such sight or sound contact; and ‘‘(II) the juvenile shall not be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or permitted to have sight or sound contact with adult inmates, for more than 180 days, unless the court, in writing, de-termines there is good cause for an extension or the juvenile expressly waives this limitation;’’. (I) in paragraph (12)(A), by striking ‘‘con-tact’’ and inserting ‘‘sight or sound contact’’; (J) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘contact’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sight or sound contact’’; (K) in paragraph (14)— (i) by striking ‘‘adequate system’’ and insert-ing ‘‘effective system’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘lock-ups,’’ after ‘‘monitoring jails,’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘detention fa-cilities,’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘, and non-secure facilities’’; (v) by striking ‘‘insure’’ and inserting ‘‘en-sure’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘requirements of paragraphs (11), (12), and (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘core require-ments’’; and (vii) by striking ‘‘, in the opinion of the Ad-ministrator,’’; (L) by striking paragraphs (22) and (27); (M) by redesignating paragraph (28) as para-graph (27); (N) by redesignating paragraphs (15) through (21) as paragraphs (16) through (22), respec-tively; (O) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(15) implement policy, practice, and system improvement strategies at the State, territorial, local, and tribal levels, as applicable, to identify and reduce racial and ethnic disparities among youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system, without establishing or requiring numerical standards or quotas, by— ‘‘(A) establishing or designating existing co-ordinating bodies, composed of juvenile justice stakeholders, (including representatives of the educational system) at the State, local, or tribal levels, to advise efforts by States, units of local government, and Indian Tribes to reduce racial and ethnic disparities; ‘‘(B) identifying and analyzing data on race and ethnicity at decision points in State, local, or tribal juvenile justice systems to determine which such points create racial and ethnic dis-parities among youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system; and ‘‘(C) developing and implementing a work plan that includes measurable objectives for pol-icy, practice, or other system changes, based on 
the needs identified in the data collection and analysis under subparagraph (B);’’; (P) in paragraph (16), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘ethnicity,’’ after ‘‘race,’’; (Q) in paragraph (21), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘local,’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘local, tribal,’’; (R) in paragraph (23)— (i) in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), by striking ‘‘juvenile’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘status offender’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) if such court determines the status of-fender should be placed in a secure detention facility or correctional facility for violating such order— ‘‘(I) the court shall issue a written order that— ‘‘(aa) identifies the valid court order that has been violated; ‘‘(bb) specifies the factual basis for deter-mining that there is reasonable cause to believe that the status offender has violated such order; ‘‘(cc) includes findings of fact to support a de-termination that there is no appropriate less re-strictive alternative available to placing the sta-tus offender in such a facility, with due consid-eration to the best interest of the juvenile; ‘‘(dd) specifies the length of time, not to ex-ceed 7 days, that the status offender may re-main in a secure detention facility or correc-tional facility, and includes a plan for the sta-tus offender’s release from such facility; and ‘‘(ee) may not be renewed or extended; and ‘‘(II) the court may not issue a second or sub-sequent order described in subclause (I) relating to a status offender unless the status offender violates a valid court order after the date on which the court issues an order described in subclause (I); and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) there are procedures in place to ensure that any status offender held in a secure deten-tion facility or correctional facility pursuant to a court order described in this paragraph does not remain in custody longer than 7 days or the length of time authorized by the court, which-ever is shorter;’’; (S) in paragraph (26)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and in accordance with con-fidentiality concerns,’’ after ‘‘maximum extent practicable,’’; and (ii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, so as to provide for— ‘‘(A) data in child abuse or neglect reports re-lating to juveniles entering the juvenile justice system with a prior reported history of arrest, court intake, probation and parole, juvenile de-tention, and corrections; and ‘‘(B) a plan to use the data described in sub-paragraph (A) to provide necessary services for the treatment of such victims of child abuse or neglect;’’; (T) in paragraph (27), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (U) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) provide for the coordinated use of funds provided under this title with other Federal and State funds directed at juvenile delinquency prevention and intervention programs; ‘‘(29) describe the policies, procedures, and training in effect for the staff of juvenile State correctional facilities to eliminate the use of dangerous practices, unreasonable restraints, and unreasonable isolation, including by devel-oping effective behavior management tech-niques; ‘‘(30) describe— ‘‘(A) the evidence-based methods that will be used to conduct mental health and substance abuse screening, assessment, referral, and treat-ment for juveniles who— ‘‘(i) request a screening; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10179 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(ii) show signs of needing a screening; or ‘‘(iii) are held for a period of more than 24 hours in a secure facility that provides for an initial screening; and ‘‘(B) how the State will seek, to the extent practicable, to provide or arrange for mental health and substance abuse disorder treatment for juveniles determined to be in need of such treatment; ‘‘(31) describe how reentry planning by the State for juveniles will include— ‘‘(A) a written case plan based on an assess-ment of needs that includes— ‘‘(i) the pre-release and post-release plans for the juveniles; ‘‘(ii) the living arrangement to which the ju-veniles are to be discharged; and ‘‘(iii) any other plans developed for the juve-niles based on an individualized assessment; and ‘‘(B) review processes; ‘‘(32) provide an assurance that the agency of the State receiving funds under this title col-laborates with the State educational agency re-ceiving assistance under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) to develop and im-plement a plan to ensure that, in order to sup-port educational progress— ‘‘(A) the student records of adjudicated juve-niles, including electronic records if available, are transferred in a timely manner from the educational program in the juvenile detention or secure treatment facility to the educational or training program into which the juveniles will enroll; ‘‘(B) the credits of adjudicated juveniles are transferred; and ‘‘(C) adjudicated juveniles receive full or par-tial credit toward high school graduation for secondary school coursework satisfactorily com-pleted before and during the period of time dur-ing which the juveniles are held in custody, re-gardless of the local educational agency or enti-ty from which the credits were earned; and ‘‘(33) describe policies and procedures to— ‘‘(A) screen for, identify, and document in records of the State the identification of victims of domestic human trafficking, or those at risk of such trafficking, upon intake; and ‘‘(B) divert youth described in subparagraph (A) to appropriate programs or services, to the extent practicable.’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c)(1) If a State fails to comply with any of the core requirements in any fiscal year, then— ‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), the amount allocated to such State under section 222 for the subsequent fiscal year shall be reduced by not less than 20 percent for each core requirement with respect to which the failure occurs; and ‘‘(B) the State shall be ineligible to receive any allocation under such section for such fiscal year unless— ‘‘(i) the State agrees to expend 50 percent of the amount allocated to the State for such fiscal year to achieve compliance with any such core requirement with respect to which the State is in noncompliance; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines that the State— ‘‘(I) has achieved substantial compliance with such applicable requirements with respect to which the State was not in compliance; and ‘‘(II) has made, through appropriate executive or legislative action, an unequivocal commit-ment to achieving full compliance with such ap-plicable requirements within a reasonable time. ‘‘(2) Of the total amount of funds not allo-cated for a fiscal year under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be reallocated under section 222 to States that have not failed to comply with the core require-ments; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be used by the Administrator to provide addi-tional training and technical assistance to States for the purpose of promoting compliance with the core requirements.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (22) of subsection (a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘described in the core requirements’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the requirements under para-graphs (11), (12), (13), and (22) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the core requirements’’; (4) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the Administrator shall make a determination re-garding whether each State receiving a grant under this title is in compliance or out of com-pliance with respect to each of the core require-ments. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) issue an annual public report— ‘‘(i) describing any determination described in paragraph (1) made during the previous year, including a summary of the information on which the determination is based and the ac-tions to be taken by the Administrator (includ-ing a description of any reduction imposed under subsection (c)); and ‘‘(ii) for any such determination that a State is out of compliance with any of the core re-quirements, describing the basis for the deter-mination; and ‘‘(B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available on a publicly available website. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATIONS REQUIRED .—The Admin-istrator may not— ‘‘(A) determine that a State is ‘not out of com-pliance’, or issue any other determination not described in paragraph (1), with respect to any core requirement; or ‘‘(B) otherwise fail to make the compliance de-terminations required under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF JUVENILE DELINQUENCY PREVENTION BLOCK GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Part C of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11141 et seq.) is repealed. 
SEC. 207. RESEARCH AND EVALUATION; STATIS-TICAL ANALYSES; INFORMATION DIS-SEMINATION. 
Section 251 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11161) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘plan and identify’’ and inserting ‘‘annually publish a plan to identify’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) successful efforts to prevent status of-fenders and first-time minor offenders from sub-sequent involvement with the juvenile justice and criminal justice systems;’’; (II) by striking clause (vii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vii) the prevalence and duration of behav-ioral health needs (including mental health, substance abuse, and co-occurring disorders) among juveniles pre-placement and post-place-ment in the juvenile justice system, including an examination of the effects of secure detention in a correctional facility;’’; (III) by redesignating clauses (ix), (x), and (xi) as clauses (xvi), (xvii), and (xviii), respec-tively; and (IV) by inserting after clause (viii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ix) training efforts and reforms that have produced reductions in or elimination of the use of dangerous practices; ‘‘(x) methods to improve the recruitment, se-lection, training, and retention of professional personnel who are focused on the prevention, identification, and treatment of delinquency; ‘‘(xi) methods to improve the identification and response to victims of domestic child sex trafficking within the juvenile justice system; ‘‘(xii) identifying positive outcome measures, such as attainment of employment and edu-cational degrees, that States and units of local government should use to evaluate the success of programs aimed at reducing recidivism of youth who have come in contact with the juve-nile justice system or criminal justice system; ‘‘(xiii) evaluating the impact and outcomes of the prosecution and sentencing of juveniles as adults; ‘‘(xiv) successful and cost-effective efforts by States and units of local government to reduce recidivism through policies that provide for con-sideration of appropriate alternative sanctions to incarceration of youth facing nonviolent charges, while ensuring that public safety is preserved;’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘date of enactment of this paragraph, the’’ and inserting ‘‘date of enact-ment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, the’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘in accordance with applica-ble confidentiality requirements’’ after ‘‘wards of the State’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘and Indian Tribes’’ after ‘‘State’’; (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) a description of the best practices in dis-charge planning; and ‘‘(I) an assessment of living arrangements for juveniles who, upon release from confinement in a State correctional facility, cannot return to the residence they occupied prior to such con-finement.’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) NATIONAL RECIDIVISM MEASURE .—The Administrator, in accordance with applicable confidentiality requirements and in consultation with experts in the field of juvenile justice re-search, recidivism, and data collection, shall— ‘‘(1) establish a uniform method of data collec-tion and technology that States may use to evaluate data on juvenile recidivism on an an-nual basis; ‘‘(2) establish a common national juvenile re-cidivism measurement system; and ‘‘(3) make cumulative juvenile recidivism data that is collected from States available to the public.’’. 
SEC. 208. TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 252 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11162) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and carry out projects’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide periodic training for States regarding implementation of the core require-ments, current protocols and best practices for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10180 December 13, 2018 
achieving and monitoring compliance, and in-formation sharing regarding relevant Office re-sources on evidence-based and promising pro-grams or practices that promote the purposes of this Act.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and implement projects’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including compliance with the core requirements’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide technical assistance to States and units of local government on achiev-ing compliance with the amendments to the core requirements and State Plans made by the Juve-nile Justice Reform Act of 2018, including train-ing and technical assistance and, when appro-priate, pilot or demonstration projects intended to develop and replicate best practices for achieving sight and sound separation in facili-ties or portions of facilities that are open and available to the general public and that may or may not contain a jail or a lock-up; and ‘‘(4) shall provide technical assistance to States in support of efforts to establish partner-ships between a State and a university, institu-tion of higher education, or research center de-signed to improve the recruitment, selection, training, and retention of professional personnel in the fields of medicine, law enforcement, the judiciary, juvenile justice, social work and child protection, education, and other relevant fields who are engaged in, or intend to work in, the field of prevention, identification, and treatment of delinquency.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘prosecutors,’’ after ‘‘public defenders,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘status offenders and’’ after ‘‘needs of’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) B
ESTPRACTICES REGARDING LEGAL REP-
RESENTATION OF CHILDREN .—In consultation with experts in the field of juvenile defense, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) share best practices that may include sharing standards of practice developed by rec-ognized entities in the profession, for attorneys representing children; and ‘‘(2) provide a State, if it so requests, technical assistance to implement any of the best practices shared under paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) B
ESTPRACTICES FOR STATUS OFFEND -
ERS.—Based on the available research and State practices, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) disseminate best practices for the treat-ment of status offenders with a focus on reduced recidivism, improved long-term outcomes, and limited usage of valid court orders to place sta-tus offenders in secure detention; and ‘‘(2) provide a State, on request, technical as-sistance to implement any of the best practices shared under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR  L
OCAL AND STATE JUVENILE DETENTION AND  C
ORRECTIONS PERSONNEL .—The Administrator shall coordinate training and technical assist-ance programs with juvenile detention and cor-rections personnel of States and units of local government— ‘‘(1) to promote methods for improving condi-tions of juvenile confinement, including methods that are designed to minimize the use of dan-gerous practices, unreasonable restraints, and isolation and methods responsive to cultural dif-ferences; and ‘‘(2) to encourage alternative behavior man-agement techniques based on positive youth de-velopment approaches that may include methods responsive to cultural differences. ‘‘(g) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO S
UPPORT MENTAL HEALTH OR SUBSTANCE ABUSE T
REATMENT INCLUDING HOME-BASED OR COM-
MUNITY -BASED CARE.—The Administrator shall provide training and technical assistance, in conjunction with the appropriate public agen-cies, to individuals involved in making decisions regarding the disposition and management of cases for youth who enter the juvenile justice system about the appropriate services and place-ment for youth with mental health or substance abuse needs, including— ‘‘(1) juvenile justice intake personnel; ‘‘(2) probation officers; ‘‘(3) juvenile court judges and court services personnel; ‘‘(4) prosecutors and court-appointed counsel; and ‘‘(5) family members of juveniles and family advocates. ‘‘(h) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO  S
UPPORT JUVENILE COURT JUDGES AND PER-
SONNEL .—The Attorney General, acting through the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention and the Office of Justice Programs in consultation with entities in the profession, shall provide directly, or through grants or con-tracts, training and technical assistance to en-hance the capacity of State and local courts, judges, and related judicial personnel to— ‘‘(1) improve the lives of children currently in-volved in or at risk of being involved in the ju-venile court system; and ‘‘(2) carry out the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(i) F
REE AND REDUCED PRICE SCHOOL  L
UNCHES FOR INCARCERATED JUVENILES .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall provide guidance to States relating to existing options for school food authorities in the States to apply for reim-bursement for free or reduced price lunches under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) for juveniles who are incarcerated and would, if not incar-cerated, be eligible for free or reduced price lunches under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 209. ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY. 
Section 299A of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11182) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Adminis-trator’’; (B) by striking ‘‘, after appropriate consulta-tion with representatives of States and units of local government,’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘guidance,’’ after ‘‘regula-tions,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In developing guidance and procedures, the Ad-ministrator shall consult with representatives of States and units of local government, including those individuals responsible for administration of this Act and compliance with the core re-quirements. ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) reporting, compliance reporting, State plan requirements, and other similar docu-mentation as may be required from States is re-quested in a manner that respects confiden-tiality, encourages efficiency and reduces the duplication of reporting efforts; and ‘‘(B) States meeting all the core requirements are encouraged to experiment with offering in-novative, data-driven programs designed to fur-ther improve the juvenile justice system.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘requirements described in paragraphs (11), (12), and (13) of section 223(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘core require-ments’’. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR PRIS-ON REDUCTION THROUGH OPPORTUNI-TIES, MENTORING, INTERVENTION, SUP-PORT, AND EDUCATION 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
Section 501 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11101 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Youth Promise’’ before ‘‘Grants’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 502 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11281) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 502. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title— ‘‘(1) the term ‘at-risk’ has the meaning given that term in section 1432 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6472); ‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a unit of local government that is in compliance with the requirements of part B of title II; or ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization in partnership with a unit of local government described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(3) the term ‘delinquency prevention pro-gram’ means a delinquency prevention program that is evidence-based or promising and that may include— ‘‘(A) alcohol and substance abuse prevention or treatment services; ‘‘(B) tutoring and remedial education, espe-cially in reading and mathematics; ‘‘(C) child and adolescent health and mental health services; ‘‘(D) recreation services; ‘‘(E) leadership and youth development activi-ties; ‘‘(F) the teaching that individuals are and should be held accountable for their actions; ‘‘(G) assistance in the development of job training skills; ‘‘(H) youth mentoring programs; ‘‘(I) after-school programs; ‘‘(J) coordination of a continuum of services that may include— ‘‘(i) early childhood development services; ‘‘(ii) voluntary home visiting programs; ‘‘(iii) nurse-family partnership programs; ‘‘(iv) parenting skills training; ‘‘(v) child abuse prevention programs; ‘‘(vi) family stabilization programs; ‘‘(vii) child welfare services; ‘‘(viii) family violence intervention programs; ‘‘(ix) adoption assistance programs; ‘‘(x) emergency, transitional and permanent housing assistance; ‘‘(xi) job placement and retention training; ‘‘(xii) summer jobs programs; ‘‘(xiii) alternative school resources for youth who have dropped out of school or demonstrate chronic truancy; ‘‘(xiv) conflict resolution skill training; ‘‘(xv) restorative justice programs; ‘‘(xvi) mentoring programs; ‘‘(xvii) targeted gang prevention, intervention and exit services; ‘‘(xviii) training and education programs for pregnant teens and teen parents; and ‘‘(xix) pre-release, post-release, and reentry services to assist detained and incarcerated youth with transitioning back into and reen-tering the community; and ‘‘(K) other data-driven evidence-based or promising prevention programs; ‘‘(4) the term ‘local policy board’, when used with respect to an eligible entity, means a policy board that the eligible entity will engage in the development of the eligible entity’s plan de-scribed in section 504(e)(5), and that includes— ‘‘(A) not fewer than 15 and not more than 21 members; and ‘‘(B) a balanced representation of— ‘‘(i) public agencies and private nonprofit or-ganizations serving juveniles and their families; and ‘‘(ii) business and industry; ‘‘(C) at least one representative of the faith community, one adjudicated youth, and one parent of an adjudicated youth; and ‘‘(D) in the case of an eligible entity described in paragraph (1)(B), a representative of the nonprofit organization of the eligible entity; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10181 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(5) the term ‘mentoring’ means matching 1 adult with 1 or more youths for the purpose of providing guidance, support, and encourage-ment through regularly scheduled meetings for not less than 9 months; ‘‘(6) the term ‘State advisory group’ means the advisory group appointed by the chief executive officer of a State under a plan described in sec-tion 223(a); and ‘‘(7) the term ‘State entity’ means the State agency designated under section 223(a)(1) or the entity receiving funds under section 223(d).’’. 
SEC. 303. DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF THE AD-MINISTRATOR. 
Section 503 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11282) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), respectively. 
SEC. 304. GRANTS FOR DELINQUENCY PREVEN-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 504 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11281 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 504. GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to enable local communities to address the unmet needs of at-risk or delinquent youth, in-cluding through a continuum of delinquency prevention programs for juveniles who have had contact with the juvenile justice system or who are likely to have contact with the juvenile jus-tice system. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(1) for each fiscal year for which less than $25,000,000 is appropriated under section 506, award grants to not fewer than 3 State entities, but not more than 5 State entities, that apply under subsection (c) and meet the requirements of subsection (d); or ‘‘(2) for each fiscal year for which $25,000,000 or more is appropriated under section 506, award grants to not fewer than 5 State entities that apply under subsection (c) and meet the re-quirements of subsection (d). ‘‘(c) S
TATE APPLICATION .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section, a State entity shall submit an application to the Administrator that includes the following: ‘‘(1) An assurance the State entity will use— ‘‘(A) not more than 10 percent of such grant, in the aggregate— ‘‘(i) for the costs incurred by the State entity to carry out this section, except that not more than 3 percent of such grant may be used for such costs; and ‘‘(ii) to provide technical assistance to eligible entities receiving a subgrant under subsection (e) in carrying out delinquency prevention pro-grams under the subgrant; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of such grant to award subgrants to eligible entities under subsection (e). ‘‘(2) An assurance that such grant will sup-plement, and not supplant, State and local ef-forts to prevent juvenile delinquency. ‘‘(3) An assurance the State entity will evalu-ate the capacity of eligible entities receiving a subgrant under subsection (e) to fulfill the re-quirements under such subsection. ‘‘(4) An assurance that such application was prepared after consultation with, and participa-tion by, the State advisory group, units of local government, community-based organizations, and organizations that carry out programs, projects, or activities to prevent juvenile delin-quency in the local juvenile justice system served by the State entity. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF STATE APPLICATIONS .—In awarding grants under this section for a fiscal year, the Administrator may not award a grant to a State entity for a fiscal year unless— ‘‘(1)(A) the State that will be served by the State entity submitted a plan under section 223 for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) such plan is approved by the Adminis-trator for such fiscal year; or ‘‘(2) after finding good cause for a waiver, the Administrator waives the plan required under subparagraph (A) for such State for such fiscal year. ‘‘(e) SUBGRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each State entity receiving a grant under this section shall award sub-grants to eligible entities in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding subgrants under this subsection, the State shall give priority to eligible entities that demonstrate ability in— ‘‘(i) plans for service and agency coordination and collaboration including the collocation of services; ‘‘(ii) innovative ways to involve the private nonprofit and business sector in delinquency prevention activities; ‘‘(iii) developing data-driven prevention plans, employing evidence-based prevention strategies, and conducting program evaluations to determine impact and effectiveness; ‘‘(iv) identifying under the plan submitted under paragraph (5) potential savings and effi-ciencies associated with successful implementa-tion of such plan; and ‘‘(v) describing how such savings and effi-ciencies may be used to carry out delinquency prevention programs and be reinvested in the continuing implementation of such programs after the end of the subgrant period. ‘‘(C) S
UBGRANT PROGRAM PERIOD AND DIVER -
SITY OF PROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM PERIOD .—A subgrant awarded to an eligible entity by a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which the eligible entity— ‘‘(I) may use not more than 18 months for completing the plan submitted by the eligible en-tity under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(II) shall use the remainder of the subgrant period, after planning period described in sub-clause (I), for the implementation of such plan. ‘‘(ii) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding subgrants under this subsection, a State entity shall ensure, to the extent practicable and ap-plicable, that such subgrants are distributed throughout different areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. ‘‘(2) L
OCAL APPLICATION .—An eligible entity that desires a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State entity in the State of the eligible entity, at such time and in such manner as determined by the State entity, and that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of— ‘‘(i) the local policy board and local partners the eligible entity will engage in the develop-ment of the plan described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(ii) the unmet needs of at-risk or delinquent youth in the community; ‘‘(iii) available resources in the community to meet the unmet needs identified in the needs as-sessment described in paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(iv) potential costs to the community if the unmet needs are not addressed; ‘‘(B) a specific time period for the planning and subsequent implementation of its continuum of local delinquency prevention programs; ‘‘(C) the steps the eligible entity will take to implement the plan under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(D) a plan to continue the grant activity with non-Federal funds, if proven successful ac-cording to the performance evaluation process under paragraph (5)(D), after the grant period. ‘‘(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—An eligible en-tity desiring a subgrant under this subsection shall agree to provide a 50 percent match of the amount of the subgrant that may include the value of in-kind contributions. ‘‘(4) S
UBGRANT REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Not later than the end of the second year of a subgrant period for a subgrant awarded to an eligible entity under this sub-section and before awarding the remaining amount of the subgrant to the eligible entity, the State entity shall— ‘‘(i) ensure that the eligible entity has com-pleted the plan submitted under paragraph (2) and that the plan meets the requirements of such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) verify that the eligible entity will begin the implementation of its plan upon receiving the next installment of its subgrant award. ‘‘(B) TERMINATION .—If the State entity finds through the review conducted under subpara-graph (A) that the eligible entity has not met the requirements of clause (i) of such subpara-graph, the State entity shall reallocate the amount remaining on the subgrant of the eligi-ble entity to other eligible entities receiving a subgrant under this subsection or award the amount to an eligible entity during the next subgrant competition under this subsection. ‘‘(5) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a subgrant under this subsection shall use the funds to implement a plan to carry out delinquency prevention programs in the community served by the eligible entity in a co-ordinated manner with other delinquency pre-vention programs or entities serving such com-munity, which includes— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the unmet needs of at-risk or delinquent youth in the community— ‘‘(i) which shall include— ‘‘(I) the available resources in the community to meet the unmet needs; and ‘‘(II) factors present in the community that may contribute to delinquency, such as home-lessness, food insecurity, teen pregnancy, youth unemployment, family instability, lack of edu-cational opportunity; and ‘‘(ii) may include an estimate— ‘‘(I) for the most recent year for which reliable data is available, the amount expended by the community and other entities for delinquency adjudication for juveniles and the incarceration of adult offenders for offenses committed in such community; and ‘‘(II) of potential savings and efficiencies that may be achieved through the implementation of the plan; ‘‘(B) a minimum 3-year comprehensive strat-egy to address the unmet needs and an estimate of the amount or percentage of non-Federal funds that are available to carry out the strat-egy; ‘‘(C) a description of how delinquency preven-tion programs under the plan will be coordi-nated; ‘‘(D) a description of the performance evalua-tion process of the delinquency prevention pro-grams to be implemented under the plan, which shall include performance measures to assess ef-forts to address the unmet needs of youth in the community analyzed under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(E) the evidence or promising evaluation on which such delinquency prevention programs are based; and ‘‘(F) if such delinquency prevention programs are proven successful according to the perform-ance evaluation process under subparagraph (D), a strategy to continue such programs after the subgrant period with non-Federal funds, in-cluding a description of how any estimated sav-ings or efficiencies created by the implementa-tion of the plan may be used to continue such programs.’’. 
SEC. 305. GRANTS FOR TRIBAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PRO-GRAMS. 
The Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11281 et seq.) is amended by redesignating sec-tion 505 as section 506, and by inserting after section 504 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505. GRANTS FOR TRIBAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall make grants under this section, on a competitive basis, to eligible Indian Tribes (or consortia of Indian Tribes) as described in subsection (b)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10182 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(1) to support and enhance— ‘‘(A) tribal juvenile delinquency prevention services; and ‘‘(B) the ability of Indian Tribes to respond to, and care for, at-risk or delinquent youth upon release; and ‘‘(2) to encourage accountability of Indian tribal governments with respect to preventing juvenile delinquency, and responding to, and caring for, juvenile offenders. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE INDIAN TRIBES .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an Indian Tribe or consortium of Indian Tribes shall sub-mit to the Administrator an application in such form as the Administrator may require. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In providing grants under this section, the Administrator shall take into consideration, with respect to the Indian Tribe to be served, the— ‘‘(1) juvenile delinquency rates; ‘‘(2) school dropout rates; and ‘‘(3) number of youth at risk of delinquency. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the amount available for a fiscal year to carry out this title, 11 percent shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 306. EVALUATION BY GOVERNMENT AC-COUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
(a) E VALUATION .—Not later than 2 years after the end of the 5th fiscal year for which funds are appropriated to carry out the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Pro-grams Act of 2002, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an evaluation of a sample of subgrantees selected by the Comp-troller General in accordance with subsection (b)) that received funds under section 504(e) of such Act and shall submit a report of such eval-uation to the Committee on the Judiciary of the United States Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the United States House of Representatives. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATION .—For purposes of subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall— (1) ensure that the sample to be evaluated is made up of subgrantees in States that are di-verse geographically and economically; and (2) include in such sample subgrantees that proposed different delinquency prevention pro-grams. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS AND FINDINGS .—In conducting the evaluation required by sub-section (a), the Comptroller General shall take into consideration whether— (1) the delinquency prevention programs for which subgrantees received funds under section 504(e) of Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 achieved the outcomes and results anticipated by the par-ticular State involved; (2) in the case of outcomes and results of de-linquency prevention programs defined by the State or a local entity, unanticipated improved outcomes or results for juveniles occurred; (3) the number of subgrantees that continue after the expenditure of such funds to provide such delinquency prevention programs; (4) such delinquency prevention programs re-placed existing or planned programs or activities in the State; and (5) the evidence-base information used to jus-tify such delinquency prevention programs was used with fidelity by local entities in accordance with the approach used to find the evidence; 
SEC. 307. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Title V of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 as enacted by Public Law 93–415 (88 Stat. 1133) (relating to miscellaneous and conforming amendments) is repealed. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. EVALUATION BY GOVERNMENT AC-COUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
(a) E VALUATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation regarding the performance of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion (referred to in this section as ‘‘the agen-cy’’), its functions, its programs, and its grants; (2) conduct a comprehensive audit and eval-uation of a selected, sample of grantees (as de-termined by the Comptroller General) that re-ceive Federal funds under grant programs ad-ministered by the agency including a review of internal controls (as defined in section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11103), as amended by this Act) to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; and (3) submit a report in accordance with sub-section (d). (b) CONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATION .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under subsection (a)(1), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consideration— (1) the outcome and results of the programs carried out by the agency and those programs administered through grants by the agency; (2) the extent to which the agency has com-plied with the Government Performance and Re-sults Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–62; 107 Stat. 285); (3) the extent to which the jurisdiction of, and the programs administered by, the agency dupli-cate or conflict with the jurisdiction and pro-grams of other agencies; (4) the potential benefits of consolidating pro-grams administered by the agency with similar or duplicative programs of other agencies, and the potential for consolidating those programs; (5) whether less restrictive or alternative methods exist to carry out the functions of the agency and whether current functions or oper-ations are impeded or enhanced by existing stat-utes, rules, and procedures; (6) the number and types of beneficiaries or persons served by programs carried out by the agency; (7) the manner with which the agency seeks public input and input from State and local gov-ernments on the performance of the functions of the agency; (8) the extent to which the agency complies with section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Informa-tion Act); (9) whether greater oversight is needed of pro-grams developed with grants made by the agen-cy; and (10) the extent to which changes are necessary in the authorizing statutes of the agency in order for the functions of the agency to be per-formed in a more efficient and effective manner. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under sub-section (a)(2), and in order to document the effi-ciency and public benefit of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consideration— (1) whether grantees timely file Financial Sta-tus Reports; (2) whether grantees have sufficient internal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant fund received; (3) whether disbursements were accompanied with adequate supporting documentation (in-cluding invoices and receipts); (4) whether expenditures were authorized; (5) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; (6) whether salaries and fringe benefits of per-sonnel were adequately supported by docu-mentation; (7) whether contracts were bid in accordance with program guidelines; and (8) whether grant funds were spent in accord-ance with program goals and guidelines. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (A) submit a report regarding the evaluation conducted under subsection (a) and audit under subsection (b), to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate; and (B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available to the public. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (1) shall include all audit findings determined by the selected, statis-tically significant sample of grantees as required by subsection (a)(2) and shall include the name and location of any selected grantee as well as any findings required by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 402. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE VI—AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-PRIATIONS; ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT 
‘‘SEC. 601. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, except for titles III and IV, $176,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, of which not more than $96,053,401 shall be used to carry out title V for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘SEC. 602. ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to ensure that at-risk youth, and youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system or the criminal justice system, are treated fairly and that the outcome of that contact is beneficial to the Nation— ‘‘(1) the Department of Justice, through its Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention, must restore meaningful enforcement of the core requirements in title II; and ‘‘(2) States, which are entrusted with a fiscal stewardship role if they accept funds under title II must exercise vigilant oversight to ensure full compliance with the core requirements for juve-niles provided for in title II. ‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) A
GENCY PROGRAM REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) P
ROGRAMMATIC AND FINANCIAL ASSESS -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Re-form Act of 2018, the Director of the Office of Audit, Assessment, and Management of the Of-fice of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice (referred to in this section as the ‘Direc-tor’) shall— ‘‘(I) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the internal controls of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (referred to in this section as the ‘agency’) to determine if States and Indian Tribes receiving grants are following the requirements of the agency grant programs and what remedial ac-tion the agency has taken to recover any grant funds that are expended in violation of grant programs, including instances where— ‘‘(aa) supporting documentation was not pro-vided for cost reports; ‘‘(bb) unauthorized expenditures occurred; and ‘‘(cc) subrecipients of grant funds were not in compliance with program requirements; ‘‘(II) conduct a comprehensive audit and eval-uation of a selected statistically significant sam-ple of States and Indian Tribes (as determined by the Director) that have received Federal funds under title II, including a review of inter-nal controls to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; and ‘‘(III) submit a report in accordance with clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATIONS .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10183 December 13, 2018 
clause (i)(I), and in order to document the effi-ciency and public benefit of titles II and V, the Director shall take into consideration the extent to which— ‘‘(I) greater oversight is needed of programs developed with grants made by the agency; ‘‘(II) changes are necessary in the authorizing statutes of the agency in order that the func-tions of the agency can be performed in a more efficient and effective manner; and ‘‘(III) the agency has implemented rec-ommendations issued by the Comptroller Gen-eral or Office of Inspector General relating to the grant making and grant monitoring respon-sibilities of the agency. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under clause (i)(II), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of titles II and V, the Direc-tor shall take into consideration— ‘‘(I) whether grantees timely file Financial Status Reports; ‘‘(II) whether grantees have sufficient inter-nal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant funds received; ‘‘(III) whether grantees’ assertions of compli-ance with the core requirements were accom-panied with adequate supporting documenta-tion; ‘‘(IV) whether expenditures were authorized; ‘‘(V) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; and ‘‘(VI) whether grant funds were spent in ac-cordance with the program goals and guidelines. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORT .—The Director shall— ‘‘(I) submit to the Congress a report outlining the results of the analysis, evaluation, and audit conducted under clause (i), including sup-porting materials, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate; and ‘‘(II) shall make such report available to the public online, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(B) A
NALYSIS OF INTERNAL CONTROLS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Re-form Act of 2018, the Administrator shall initiate a comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the internal controls of the agency to determine whether, and to what extent, States and Indian Tribes that receive grants under titles II and V are following the requirements of the grant pro-grams authorized under titles II and V. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Re-form Act of 2018, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report containing— ‘‘(I) the findings of the analysis and evalua-tion conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(II) a description of remedial actions, if any, that will be taken by the Administrator to en-hance the internal controls of the agency and recoup funds that may have been expended in violation of law, regulations, or program re-quirements issued under titles II and V; and ‘‘(III) a description of— ‘‘(aa) the analysis conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(bb) whether the funds awarded under titles II and V have been used in accordance with law, regulations, program guidance, and appli-cable plans; and ‘‘(cc) the extent to which funds awarded to States and Indian Tribes under titles II and V enhanced the ability of grantees to fulfill the core requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018, the Attorney General shall submit to the appro-priate committees of the Congress a report on the estimated amount of formula grant funds disbursed by the agency since fiscal year 2010 that did not meet the requirements for awards of formula grants to States under title II. ‘‘(2) O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL PERFORM -
ANCE AUDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to ensure the ef-fective and appropriate use of grants adminis-tered under this Act (excluding title IV) and to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice shall annually conduct audits of grantees that receive funds under this Act. ‘‘(B) ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice Re-form Act of 2018 and annually thereafter, the Inspector General shall conduct a risk assess-ment to determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited under subparagraph (A) in the year involved. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY ON WEBSITE .—The Attorney General shall make the summary of each review conducted under this section avail-able on the website of the Department of Justice, subject to redaction as the Attorney General de-termines necessary to protect classified and other sensitive information. ‘‘(D) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act (excluding title IV) that is found to have an unresolved audit find-ing shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act (excluding title IV) during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period beginning on the date on which the audit report is issued. ‘‘(E) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act (excluding title IV), the Administrator shall give priority to a State or Indian Tribe that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to the date on which the State or Indian Tribe submits an ap-plication for a grant under this Act. ‘‘(F) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a State or an In-dian Tribe is awarded a grant under this Act (excluding title IV) during the 2-fiscal-year pe-riod in which the recipient is barred from receiv-ing grants under subparagraph (D), the Attor-ney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the general fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the general fund under clause (i) from the grantee that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(G) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector Gen-eral— ‘‘(i) that the audited State or Indian Tribe has used grant funds for an unauthorized expendi-ture or otherwise unallowable cost; and ‘‘(ii) that is not closed or resolved during the 12-month period beginning on the date on which the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(3) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-graph and the grant programs described in this Act (excluding title IV), the term ‘nonprofit or-ganization’ means an organization that is de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Administrator may not award a grant under any grant program de-scribed in this Act (excluding title IV) to a non-profit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant pro-gram described in this Act (excluding title IV) and uses the procedures prescribed in regula-tions to create a rebuttable presumption of rea-sonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall dis-close to the Administrator, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such com-pensation, including— ‘‘(I) the independent persons involved in re-viewing and approving such compensation; ‘‘(II) the comparability data used; and ‘‘(III) contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. ‘‘(ii) PUBLIC INSPECTION UPON REQUEST .— Upon request, the Administrator shall make the information disclosed under clause (i) available for public inspection. ‘‘(4) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a coopera-tive agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available to the De-partment of Justice, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host a conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the con-ference, including the cost of all food and bev-erages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives on all conference ex-penditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be utilized by any recipient of a grant made using such amounts— ‘‘(i) to lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or ‘‘(ii) to lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant made using amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) require the recipient to repay the grant in full; and ‘‘(ii) prohibit the recipient to receive another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, submitting an application for a grant under this Act shall not be considered lob-bying activity in violation of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the 1st fiscal year that begins after the effective date of this section, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Work-force and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, an annual certifi-cation that— ‘‘(A) all audits issued by the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice under para-graph (2) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney General or Director; ‘‘(B) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (2)(D) have been issued; ‘‘(C) all reimbursements required under para-graph (2)(F)(i) have been made; and ‘‘(D) includes a list of any grant recipients ex-cluded under paragraph (2) during the then pre-ceding fiscal year. ‘‘(c) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall compare poten-tial grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same applicant for the same purpose the Attorney General shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10184 December 13, 2018 
to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Work-force of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, in-cluding the total dollar amount of any duplicate grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General award-ed the duplicative grant. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH AUDITING STAND -
ARDS.—The Administrator shall comply with the Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards, published by the General Account-ability Office (commonly known as the ‘Yellow Book’), in the conduct of fiscal, compliance, and programmatic audits of States.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 388(a) of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 11280(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 345 and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$140,000,000 for fiscal year 2009, and such sums as may be necessary for fis-cal years 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$127,421,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2020’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) P
ERIODIC ESTIMATE .—Of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated under paragraph (1), such sums as may be necessary shall be made available to carry out section 345 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2020.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2009 and such sums as may be necessary for fis-cal years 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each of fiscal years 2019 through 2020’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.) is amended by striking— (1) section 299 (34 U.S.C. 11171); and (2) section 505. 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule for the week to come. Mr. Speaker, I want to say I yield to my friend, but maybe I had better say it at the end to see how pleasant we are. I yield to the majority leader. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) b1115 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I first want to begin by thanking my friend. Today could be our last scheduled col-loquy together. Over the years, we have had many spirited debates on this floor. We have celebrated moments of cooperation, from tackling the opioid epidemic to fighting human trafficking to leveling tough sanctions on American adver-saries. As my friend knows, most of what we do in this Chamber is bipar-tisan. A study by Quorum found that the 115th Congress enacted the highest per-centage of bipartisan bills of any Con-gress in the last 20 years. That success could not have happened without a lot of working across the aisle to find com-mon ground. Now, beyond legislation, I look for-ward to continuing to work with my friend on our shared passion for a more efficient, effective, and accountable government through events like Con-gressional Hackathon. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I want to join the leader. It is important for the public to understand that much goes on in which there is agreement. Much goes on in this House between staff and between Members that is a positive and bipartisan result for the American people and for our country. Obviously, the public sees mostly, and the reporters cover, television and print, mostly the confrontation be-cause that is what is newsworthy. A headline saying everybody cooperated and got something done is apparently not a very saleable, marketable head-line. But I thank the majority leader. And as the roles shift and I become the majority leader, I continue to in-tend to work with the majority leader and with the incoming whip on the Re-publican side to see if we can forge bi-partisan agreements on critical issues that clearly the American people want addressed. I thank my friend, Mr. MCCARTHY , and tell him that I look forward to working with him, as we have in the past, and, hopefully, we can do so con-structively on behalf of, not only the House of Representatives, but on behalf of our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding, and I thank him for those kind words. There are other things we also did on this floor. We have also mourned dur-ing times of grief, including our col-loquy just 1 day after the shooting at the GOP baseball practice. Those moments of shared humanity reflect the very best that this House has to offer. And, yes, we have had our share of debates—debates over policy, over politics, and how to make the country better. But I have always known my friend to be a man of integ-rity and a fair and honest broker. And although his questions were rarely confined to the schedule for the week to come, I have actually grown to enjoy these colloquies. Because no matter the subject, these colloquies represent some of the last true debate that occurs in this Chamber. So while the transcripts of what we say one day will fade, I wish my friend well as he carries forward this rich legacy of de-bate on the basis of mutual respect in the people’s House, and I know he will. Mr. Speaker, my friend knows I love metrics, so here are a few final stats. On average, our weekly colloquy this year has lasted 421⁄2minutes. I apolo-gize to the House recordkeepers and to the Members trying to give 1-minute speeches like they are today. The shortest was 8 minutes, and the longest lasted more than an hour. Mr. Speaker, today will likely be on the shorter end, because our schedule for next week remains fluid and subject to change. Conversations are currently ongoing between the House, Senate, and the White House. In the meantime, Members should be on standby and pre-pared to return to Washington for votes next week. We will provide ad-vance notice ahead of any expected votes. As of today, I would estimate first votes for the week to occur at 6:30 p.m. next Wednesday. I would encourage all Members to make the necessary ar-rangements to be here as we complete our work for the 115th Congress. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for that informa-tion. I would reiterate what the major-ity leader has said because I believe this is accurate. There will be no votes before Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. next week—no votes prior to 6:30 p.m. next Wednesday, so that Members are ad-vised that they need to be available. We need to be here Wednesday at 6:30, and we need to be available every day thereafter until we get this govern-ment on a solid footing. Is that accurate, Mr. Leader? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. That is com-pletely accurate. So we will have votes 6:30 Wednesday night, and we will fin-ish our work to make sure our govern-ment continues to move forward. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as he points out, these discussions are not just about the schedule for the short term. They are about, however, a schedule as to what policies we are going to address, when we are going to address them, and how we are going to address them. In that context, Mr. Speaker, the ma-jority leader was, I think, rightfully proud of the fact that the committee had reported out all 12 appropriations bills by the August break, and we had passed seven of those appropriations bills on the floor and sent them to the Senate. Sadly, however, Mr. Speaker, we are now 12 days before Christmas. There was a meeting at the White House about 48 hours ago, at which time there was a debate or discussion on TV, which the American people saw, and the President of the United States said: ‘‘I will shut down the government, ab-solutely.’’ And then he said: ‘‘I am proud to shut down the government.’’ Mr. Speaker, shutting down the gov-ernment is stupid. Shutting down the government is costly. Shutting down the government creates great uncer-tainty, not only among those who work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10185 December 13, 2018 
for the Federal Government, but every-body who relies on the daily activities of the Federal Government. We should not shut down the govern-ment. My side, Mr. Speaker, has of-fered to the President of the United States, and to all of us, two alter-natives. One is that we pass a CR for the balance of the year for all bills. We don’t like that alternative, but at least it will provide some certainty for the next 8
1⁄2months until September 30. The second alternative, which I think is the much better alternative, and it comports with the leader’s justifiable pride with dealing with the appropria-tion bills on this side—as I understand, there is only one disagreement of major proportion, and that is whether we build a wall. We think that is bad policy. The President thinks it is good policy. We are having an argument about that, and we don’t agree. The Re-publicans control the House and they control the Senate. They could pass it. They haven’t passed it. But we don’t control that. That is out of our hands. And our suggestion was we have agreed on five of the bills that have been signed into law. About 76 percent of the government’s discretionary funding has already been passed. We have about 25 percent left. That 25 per-cent is in seven bills. One is the De-partment of Homeland Security. It is clear that we do not have agreement on the Homeland Security appropriation bills, but on six, it is my under-standing, Mr. Leader and Mr. Speaker, that we do have agreement, that the two appropriations committees have worked together, the leaders have worked together, and that we have agreement on those six bills. So our second alternative, the much preferred alternative is to pass those six bills as they have been agreed to, funding those agencies to which those bills apply between now and September 30, the end of the fiscal year, and do a CR for the balance of the year for Homeland Security, or, alternatively, do a CR on Homeland Security at some date next year. Neither of those alter-natives apparently has been pursued by the majority party, Mr. Speaker, and the President, as I just quoted, says: ‘‘I am proud to shut down the govern-ment.’’ Mr. Speaker, the leader has said he doesn’t want to shut down government. The whip has said he doesn’t want to shut down government. The minority leader in the Senate has said he doesn’t want to shut down government. We don’t want to shut down government. But we are at an impasse just about one issue, and we suggest we agree with 95 percent. Wouldn’t that make sense for the American people, for us to pass the 95 percent on which we have reached agreement after hard work all year? And on that which we can’t agree, agree that we can’t agree and fight that another day? But here we are, 12 days before Christmas. And I would ask the major-ity leader: Do we have a plan? Mr. Leader, do we have a plan to fund the government on or before the 21st of this month so that we can do what all of us say we want to do, and, that is, keep the government operating on be-half of the American people? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the question. I also thank my friend for coming back to where he originally was years ago. Ear-lier in this Congress, it was not his be-lief that shutting the government down was bad, and I am thankful that he learned that lesson, because I didn’t think it was helpful when he shut the government down over immigration last time. Nobody did. America didn’t, and we had to put it back to work. Now, my friend is correct that we have enacted 75 percent of the discre-tionary budget into law already. I think all Members should take pride in that, even if one side voted ‘‘no’’ the majority of times. That is because that is better than any Congress has been able to do in nearly 25 years. So, obvi-ously, 25 percent remains. My friend is correct, there are 12 days left. We did not want to be here with 12 days left. Unfortunately, we had the passing of President Bush. Now, President Bush—there is a leg-acy to lead. He found a way to find compromise. My friend on the other side says there is six of the seven we agree with, but I can’t compromise on the seventh. He says that the American public wants to make sure it stays open. Yeah, we do, too. The American public also wants to make sure we are safe. So I think, in the spirit of the season, of the time, we should come to an agreement, knowing that neither side will get everything that they want. One side wants nothing to happen. The other side wants a certain number. I think we can find common ground. I think we could get it all done next week, and it is really my intention and belief that we will have that vote on this floor, that we can find common ground, keep the government open—I am very thankful that he believes in that again, as we do, and that we finish the job the American public asks for. And when we finish that job, America is stronger, safer, and on a footing to make sure we continue to lead for the 21st century. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Let me observe with respect to the gentle-man’s comment about we did send five bills, 75 percent of government spend-ing, discretionary spending to the President. The President signed it. But when he says it is the best in 25 years, I will remind him that when I was ma-jority leader in 2007, we passed all 12 bills through this House. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Not into law. Mr. HOYER. The gentleman is cor-rect. We passed all 12 bills. We passed them one by one so that we can con-sider each one, and they went to the Senate. Unfortunately, the Senate didn’t act in a fashion that I would hope. I will tell the gentleman, it is my intention, as majority leader, to pass all 12 bills. Mr. MCCARTHY. One by one? Mr. HOYER. Not necessarily one by one. We like his process, perhaps. I hope he likes it as much as he liked it the first time when he got that process, because I may—I have learned from the majority leader’s skill and judgment so that we—— Mr. M
CCARTHY. I like your cal-endar. Mr. HOYER. We may pursue that process, and I know he is going to sup-port it because it is his process that we are going to pursue, sort of like his schedule. b1130 Mr. Speaker, we passed all 12 bills. We sent them to the Senate. Unfortu-nately, we didn’t get them all done. But the fact of the matter is, this is a process called the legislative process, and I just talked at the outset about compromise and working together. We have six of those bills. It so happens we now package everything, and maybe we are going to do that in the future. But the fact of the matter is, we have agreement on six of the seven bills that remain to be signed by the President of the United States. The way this process works is, you have agreement on six separate bills. These are not the homeland security. That is where we have a disagreement. I understand that. We cannot pass homeland security right now. But we have agreement on six bills. Why shouldn’t the plan be: We have agreement, in a bipartisan fashion; we can fund those six agencies. There will be no drama, and we will send it. Then we can do a CR on the homeland secu-rity, and we can argue about the wall. We can have hearings on the wall. We can have experts come here and say to them: How do we make sure America is secure? Because every Democrat wants to make sure the borders are secure, every Democrat. We want the border secure. There is a substantive disagreement. By the way, there are Republicans who disagree with the wall, as the gen-tleman surely knows, that it is not the best way to secure the border. By the way, I don’t know why we need money for it. The Mexicans surely are going to pay for the wall. That is what the President said. The Mexicans were going to pay for the wall. Now he wants $5 billion to pay for technology we don’t think works. So, as a result, we are holding hostage the six bills on which we have agreement. How frustrated the American people must be when they say: You know, they agree on six-sevenths of the bills, and they won’t take yes for an answer. The response is: ‘‘I am proud to shut down the government.’’ Mr. Leader, I would hope that we could send those six bills on which we have agreement. After hard work in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.008 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10186 December 13, 2018 
the Appropriations subcommittees, in the Appropriations Committee, both in the House and the Senate, and in com-munications between the two bodies, they have reached agreement. We ought to be happy about that. We ought to celebrate that. And we ought to send them to the President. There is no indication he would not sign those bills, as far as I know. Then, yes, we have a disagreement, and the American people have come here to have us debate that, have hear-ings on that, see what experts say on that. Frankly, if the wall is what your side wants, then I say to the leader, put a bill on the floor Wednesday night and pass the wall. You haven’t done that. Mr. M
CCARTHY. You said Wednes-day. Mr. HOYER. We haven’t passed the homeland security bill through this House. It got out of committee; you didn’t bring it to the floor. We haven’t had a vote on it, so there is no con-sensus on that part of it. So, Mr. Speaker, let’s pass those six bills. Let’s have a plan that will work to preclude shutting down the people’s government. I hope we can do that. I hope we can do it, come back Wednes-day night, and I hope, Mr. Leader, you have a plan between now and Wednes-day night to get us to the place where we can do what we have agreed upon, and agreed not to agree on something that we can’t agree on, or pass it and send it to the President. Mr. Speaker, I hope we can do that. That is our responsibility. That is our duty, the duty to have a plan of how to make sure that government continues to operate, and a plan as to how we can have our Members and their families celebrate one of the highest holy days in Christendom. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. I appre-ciate my friend’s comment. I appre-ciate that he told us that people on his side of the aisle want to have border se-curity. Then why don’t we do the job? Why would we finish a year to settle for me-diocrity? My friend also said that he had passed all the appropriations bills, but they never were enacted into law. The most ever done in the last 25 years is what we did this Congress, because of the Senate and the 60 votes. That is why you had Leader S
CHUMER over there at the same time, because Demo-crats control whether we keep this gov-ernment open or shut down. They have shown that power before, just as they have done earlier in this Congress. Now, my friend knows that he wants this country protected. I agree with him 100 percent. I do not challenge his belief on the protection of this coun-try. I hope my friend also knows that, on that border, they catch, on average, 10 known terrorists a day. Homeland security is not like any other appropriations. It is not one we just set aside because we disagree with it. This country has known the damage of setting something aside and not pay-ing attention to the warning signs. I think we are better than that. Yeah, it might be uncomfortable. We might have to work a little harder. We are going to stay here a little later than we all planned to be, but there were other circumstances that caused that. I think let’s do all seven. Let’s get them all done. Let’s end on a high note. And it will probably make your job a little easier in the next Congress as well. You won’t have to worry about it. But, in doing so, I think we are both going to have to do something. We are both going to have to look the Amer-ican public in the eye, and we both made our arguments of what we want-ed. But we are going to have to accept that you and I are not going to get 100 percent of what we want. I will make this pledge to you right now: I am willing to find some common ground. What that means is, the com-mon ground is, we don’t leave until we get this done. Now, your vote has been funding the wall. You voted for that before. I don’t know if you have changed your posi-tion on that now. But what we are ask-ing for is border security. That means more than just that. I think there is a window, and I think the American public expects it to get done. I would hate to leave and go home and say, oh, I finished the major-ity of everything, but that homeland security, that one that keeps our con-stituents safe, that one that looks around for whatever can happen to us in any part of this country, in so many places, we just did what we did last year. You know that harms the agency. You know that holds them back. And I can’t look at somebody’s face that maybe loses a loved one because some-thing happens in the future because I wanted to leave, because I couldn’t find compromise. Mr. Speaker, I will make that prom-ise. I will find common ground, and I will take as long as it does inside any room to make that happen, that we do not leave this Congress without fund-ing all and making sure homeland is not living under the same rules that they had before. When they know it is a changing society, it is also a chang-ing place for those who want to do us harm. What a CR does is locks them in these continuing resolutions that they can’t do something new, when they have found that new technology to pro-tect us throughout the homeland. So I want to find common ground. I want to protect America. I want to make us safer, and I want to make us stronger. And I make that commit-ment to you, sir, that we can get it done. Mr. HOYER. I thank the leader for his comments, but what is your plan to do that? We have been now here in this Con-gress, this year, for over 330 days, 340 days. You haven’t passed any plan on homeland security. You haven’t brought it to the floor. It passed out of the committee. You have not brought it to the floor in 340 days. Here we are, with agreement on six bills, Mr. Leader. We have reached agreement. We have worked hard to get to that agreement. Now, yes, you have a faction of your caucus that has told you from time to time, ‘‘my way or no way,’’ even when you had agreement on six-sevenths. Mr. Boehner had the same problem, and he decided he was going to leave here because he had the ‘‘my way or no way,’’ ‘‘my way or the highway,’’ ‘‘my way or here’s your hat and get out.’’ Mr. Leader, you have not told us a plan. We have been discussing this for, literally, all year, and we have a very significant, substantive disagreement. And you haven’t brought it to the floor to press your view and send it to the Senate. I don’t know why you haven’t brought it to the floor. We haven’t had any debate on the floor on this issue. We are prepared to debate that bill. But what we are not prepared to do is hold hostage six-sevenths of the appro-priations bills that remain to be done, which we have agreed upon, worked on, and are ready to go. All you tell me is: We are prepared to do that, but we have got to pass all seven bills. If we don’t get everything we want, we are not going to do it. I understand, because you have the President of the United States saying: ‘‘I am proud to shut down the govern-ment.’’ What kind of irresponsibility is that? He wants the wall. I know he wants the wall. We are a democracy, however, not an autocracy, not a dictatorship. We are a democracy, and the wall has not passed this House. There is no agreement on the wall, and we think the wall is a bad strategy. There are more resources deployed to the South, the southern border, than at any time, I think—I haven’t checked this exactly—in my service in the Con-gress of the United States. So it is not like we have not put a lot of Border Pa-trol, a lot of technology, a lot of fenc-ing. We have supported substantial se-curity at the border. Now the President wants more. I get that. But we are holding hostage six- sevenths of the appropriations bills, six out of seven, because the President is going to be proud to shut down the gov-ernment. Now, I don’t want to be too painful, but we had an election just a few weeks ago, and the President made it very clear he wanted to build that wall. He sent troops down to the border, at tens of millions of dollars’ cost. Of course, under the law, they can’t deal with law enforcement. And, yes, there were some people that came at the fence, and they were pushed back. But the fact of the matter is that there is border security. Can we make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.010 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10187 December 13, 2018 
it better? Yes. Do we want to make it better? Yes. Will we work with you to do that? Yes. But you are not going to get us to believe something is good that we don’t think is good. You can pass it. The President can sign it. I get that. And we lose. But you haven’t brought it to the floor. You don’t have a plan to get that done, 330, I guess, 340 days into the year. So I am, Mr. Speaker, saying, why, when we have agreement—I say six- sevenths. Very frankly, we have agree-ment on the homeland security bill ex-cept for the wall, one item, so, essen-tially, we have probably 99 percent agreement. But it is my way or the highway, with no plan, as I understand it, to get us from where we are today, where we were 2 weeks ago, and where I am fearful that we will be on Wednes-day at 6:30 p.m., because we have no plan to get from where we are to where we need to be. We have offered two plans. You don’t like either one of them. One was a CR for the rest of the year, for everything, for the remaining. We don’t like that. That is not our plan, but it is one op-tion, and we would support that if you bring that to the floor. The other option, of course, is to pass the six bills. We will vote for them, all of them. You can put them in a pack-age. Then do a CR on the homeland se-curity, and we will have further discus-sions about that, and we will see what the democratic process results in. b1145 It hasn’t passed the House. We are not for it. We are prepared to debate it. If it passes and the President signs it, it will be law and my friend will do it, but don’t hold the rest of government hostage for something on which there is deep disagreement not only by us, but within my friend’s own party. I implore my friend, on Wednesday at 6:30, bring those six bills to the floor. We will vote for them. Hopefully, his folks who worked to get them in place will vote for them. We will pass them, and we will avoid another stupid, as I said, shutdown of the government of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I respect my friend. I even follow my friend on Instagram. And today is Thursday, and I almost feel like he is throwing a Throwback Thursday up, because now he calls a shutdown stupid. But in this Congress, that is not what he did. In this Congress, he actually whipped to have a shutdown. I did think it was stupid then, and I think going into a shutdown is stupid now. That is why I want to solve the prob-lem. Mr. Speaker, my friend says: Can we make the border better? Yes. He keeps talking about the wall. I just talk about security. When he described what is happening along the border, it was interesting, the words he chose. He said there were ‘‘some people’’ down there. I am sure the rest of America has watched what has gone on down there, gone on down there before it even got into Mexico, where they broke down their wall and came across, where they stormed and they threw things at our Border Patrol. I think the border could be more se-cure. I know my friend lives in Mary-land, but to those of us who live in a border State, maybe we understand this a little differently. Now, I am the first one who believes in legal immigration. This has nothing to do with it. This is about keeping the country safe. And if two sides cannot sit down to solve a fundamental prob-lem, it is bad for the country. There is a check and balance, as the gentleman well knows. There is a House; there is a Senate; and then there is an administration, a President, who either signs or vetoes a bill. The gentleman started the conversa-tion earlier very proud of the fact that he passed all 12 bills. We have done that before, too. The test is really the final end, does it get all the way there? We are 75 percent there. Twenty-five percent should not stop us, and we should be able to get it done. But in the gentleman’s quest of talk-ing about passing all 12 bills, they didn’t become law. Why? Because of the Senate and the 60 votes there. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is the gen-tlemen aware we did not shut down government? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, no, I am not. I was here. The gentleman shut down the government. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, not that year. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman voted. He whipped. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is talking about here? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, here, yes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, in this ses-sion? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, yes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am point-ing out that when the gentleman says we didn’t pass the appropriations bills, when I said we passed all 12 through the House, we did not shut down gov-ernment. We ultimately got to a reso-lution of the differences between us. Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority lead-er, what is his plan to do that? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, my plan to do that is I need 60 votes in the Senate. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, everybody likes to talk about the Senate. What the gentleman has ig-nored is that I said the bill is in com-mittee and in 340 days has not been brought to this floor. If that is the gen-tleman’s policy, he has not brought it to the floor for consideration. By the way, when he talks about a broader issue of immigration, we agree with him. He has not brought a com-prehensive immigration reform bill to the floor, either. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I do not want the gentleman to get more Pinocchios, because that is not true. We have brought two major immigra-tion reform bills to this floor, and not one person on the other side of the aisle voted for either. My friend knows the hours that we have spent in our office discussing with everybody trying to come to an agree-ment, but we had two on this floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, did they pass those bills? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, no, we did not. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, why not? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, be-cause between those two bills, the gen-tleman held all of his Members to vote ‘‘no,’’ the same way he did with taxes, the same way he did with children’s health, the same way he did on many other elements. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, we didn’t vote for it because we didn’t like the bills. But the gen-tleman is in charge, and he has 240 Members. All he needed was 218. We didn’t like his bill, so we did what we do when we don’t like bills: we vote against them. But he has 240 people still on his side of the aisle, and he couldn’t pass his bill because so many of his Members didn’t like it. That is why his bill didn’t pass. Mr. Speaker, what is the gentleman’s plan, however, between now and 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday to get us off this dime that we are stuck on and have been stuck on now for almost the en-tire year, 12 days from Christmas? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, he doesn’t want to work with us. I guess the plan is to go back to what the motto of the gentleman had been earlier in this Congress. The gentleman says it is hard to pass bills here. What is interesting, in that same Quorum study, more bills have passed this House and this Congress than any in modern history. So, yes, we pass bills. We even do it when the gentleman’s side tries to hold back. So when the children were worried about their health insurance and he held back, we did not. When we worried about growing the economy, when he held back, we did not. When he worried about trying to shut the government down, we kept moving forward. When we wanted to solve the immi-gration problem, yes, we had two dif-ferent bills; yes, it takes 218; and, yes, we had more than the 225 votes on ei-ther of those bills—you just had 218 on one. But there wasn’t one on the other side, even though there were people on the other side of the aisle who would come to me and tell me they wanted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.011 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10188 December 13, 2018 
vote for these bills but their own lead-ership twisted their arms and said they could not. Now, yes, were there struggles at times and do we have different factions within the Conference? Yes, we do. But if I were the gentleman, I would watch my words, because I am going to look forward to seeing how well he does with the new faction coming in on his side. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, me, too. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, it will be quite interesting to watch. I know my struggles. I hope the gen-tleman doesn’t have the same strug-gles, but I will make this promise to the gentleman: When we agree, I will be there. We do not have differences because we have parties; we have parties be-cause we have differences. The gentleman’s challenge is he con-tinues to bring up the wall. The ques-tion would be, then: Does border secu-rity work? Having a wall a part of that security, does it help? Coming from a State that borders Mexico, we put a wall, which the gen-tleman had voted for, down in San Diego. You know what the results were? A 92 percent drop in illegals com-ing across. We built a wall in Tucson, down 90 percent; El Paso, 95 percent. At one time, El Paso was one of the most dangerous cities in America. Now, today, it is one of the safest, and it has been able to live with that. Yuma, down 95 percent. So the question is: What is the plan? The plan and the hope, yes, we will take a bill up. But my hope was that, in the spirit of the season, it wouldn’t be the gentleman’s way or no way, that he would break from this tradition that Republicans have to pass every-thing on their own. Look, I put a bill in that I fully fund the wall at $25 billion. I know I am not going to get that. Am I going to run away and say, then, I am going to vote for nothing? No, because that is not the way our government works. You see, we have to have compromise because of the structure. And I don’t want to have a plan where I am going to sit up here as majority leader and say, oh, I passed all the bills, but none of them became law. I want to make law. I want to solve the problem. Listen, this is not the time to con-tinue to go through and argue. This is the time to solve the problems. Look, the campaign is over. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, what is the solution? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, do you know what the solution is? Sit down with us and come to a compromise, not that it is his way or no way. Mr. Speaker, let me ask the gen-tleman a question. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is the com-promise we take the wall or we shut down the government? Is that the com-promise? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will yield. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has already voted for fund-ing of the wall. So my question is: Democrats had to vote for it with 60, the gentleman voted for it on here to fund the wall. Is the gentleman now saying he does not want to fund any of the wall going forward? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is your an-swer to the question, yes, the wall, or we shut down government? Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, no. I am not one who shuts the government down. We went through that. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the Presi-dent to whom the gentleman is very close, he says so. The gentleman says so. The President says, and the gen-tleman heard the quote, he probably gets tired of hearing it, I am sure: I am proud, he says—I am proud, he says, to shut down the government. I will shut down the government. Absolutely, I will shut it down. That is what the President said just 2 days ago. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thought that was the gentleman’s quote from our Congress earlier. So I don’t hold people to what they go through. I realize all the time we had these colloquies before, all the time I studied the history in here, the gentleman always said a shutdown was bad. I quoted back to him numerous times where he had told me that all the way through these. But when the day came in this Congress, he changed his ways. He thought a shutdown was right. I am thankful that he changed. That quote could have been his quote just in this Congress. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, what is he talking about? I voted against bills whose policies I did not agree with and that he said ‘‘we will therefore shut down the govern-ment,’’ because if we don’t agree, he couldn’t get the majority votes on his side, and he couldn’t get 60 votes in the Senate—which the Republicans were very, very pleased with that when the Senate was controlled by Democrats. They loved having that 60-vote rule be-cause what they said is it requires compromise. It requires coming to-gether, having to get 60 votes. It re-quires not saying, ‘‘Do it our way or you don’t do it.’’ The gentleman has not brought a bill, he has not brought a plan to this floor on how to get out of that. And, Mr. Speaker, the leader has not an-swered when I said, essentially when he says come together and have com-promise, these are his bills. They are not our bills. We had to compromise. These didn’t come out of Democratic subcommit-tees. They didn’t come out of a Demo-cratic committee, didn’t come out of a Democratic Senate. These are bills that are his bills that we compromised on. We are prepared to vote for 99 per-cent—99 percent—of those seven bills, 99 percent. That is compromising, I think, a pretty far way. We don’t agree with everything in those bills, but he is right, this is a col-lective body. We have all been elected. We all have one vote, and we have com-promised on 99 percent. He is holding it up. He has no plan other than we take the wall or the President of the United States shuts down government. That is not the com-promise that I heard him talking about we ought to have. Mr. Speaker, if that is the kind of compromise we are going to have be-tween now and Wednesday at 6:30 p.m., we are not going to get there. We have compromised on 99 percent. Let’s pass it. Let’s move on. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, then I am going to yield back. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I think we might be hit-ting our average for how long this col-loquy goes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am afraid we are going to almost finish the rest of that hour. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, we should debate ideas; but if the idea is, ‘‘What is your plan?’’ it wasn’t my plan that we had to do it alone. If we have to, we have proven we have done that before. He knows it will go on to the Senate. But if my friend has changed his be-lief, I don’t hold it against him. He might have changed his belief. Or maybe his belief always was that we should have no border security. I don’t know. My friend did acknowledge that there was a great number of people who were trying to get into our country and storming the gates. That is not all the bill. The bill is border security and homeland security. If the idea is it has to just be a CR or they can’t deal with it, do you know what my plan has been all along? It is to work with the gentleman. But I am not hearing that he is even willing to work with us, that I am saying I am willing to. Compromise. He has already voted for part of border security to be a wall. He doesn’t even want to sit down and discuss how much should that be, how much border security should we have. Is 10 terrorists a day coming across the border okay with the gentleman? Because it is not with me. Is 2,000 inadmissible people coming across? Is that okay with the gen-tleman? It is not with me. It takes away from those, like our own rel-atives, who come here legally. I was at a naturalization just a few months ago. I sat there inside this service. I watched individuals with such pride raising their hand. And do you know what I told them? George Washington is now their founding fa-ther; Abraham Lincoln was their lib-erator; Martin Luther King spoke of their dreams; and the flag that sits on the Moon is their flag today. And I want them to be safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.013 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10189 December 13, 2018 
b1200 And I don’t know what those terror-ists have planned when they come across the border, or when those people storm the gates. But I do know we have a responsibility—that I can’t get every-thing I want—a responsibility that we find security, and that we protect our own border security at the same time. I think there is a window that we can do this. I don’t want to do it alone. So my plan was to do it with the gen-tleman. If he is saying to me he can’t, then I am going to have to change my plan, just as we had to do when it came to the children’s health insurance. We were not going to let that lapse. Just as it happened when you were going to shut the government down over DACA; we weren’t going to let that happen. We believe the government should stay open. So that is my plan. Will you join with us? Will you make sure that we don’t shut down? Will you make sure that we make America stronger and safer for the future? I don’t want to leave work for the gentleman to get done. He is excited about his majority. I want him to be successful. I may smile for the chal-lenge that he is going to have with some people I see coming in, and I will be right over here to debate where we disagree; but when we agree, I will be right there with him, and I will find compromise in every part I can. I think this is a window to show— even to all those new freshmen, even to those who are leaving and these could be some of their last votes—that we did the very best with the moments that we had for the future of this country. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, what I hear is that the majority leader’s plan is that we give up. Ninety-nine percent of the Homeland Security bill, I pre-sume and believe, is directed at secur-ing our borders. We have agreed with 99 percent of it, probably 99.9 percent of it. That is probably not true in dollar value. But the plan is for us to give up be-cause 99 percent is not good enough for us to agree with. It has got to be 100 percent. If that is the plan, it is not going to work. The bill has not been brought to this floor, ever, this year. It is worthy of debate as to how we keep our borders most secure. As I have said, many Re-publicans, including, very frankly, the second ranking member of the Senate on the Republican side, have questions about the wall. He is from Texas. A lot of Texans think the wall doesn’t make sense, Republicans and Democrats. Maybe not all, but some. But if the plan is we just give up after agreeing to 99 percent, that is no plan at all. Unless the gentleman wants to say more, I am going to yield back. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, in the spirit of the season, I have a little gift for the gentleman from Maryland. It comes from a little shop in my home-town, family-owned. They are excited about what we have been able to do this Congress. It is a little candy that might sweeten his spirit, and he might even be more likely to work with us to solve the problem. Merry Christmas. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader. I must say, Mr. Speaker, I have a se-rious suspicion—I trust the majority leader, but I believe that gift was prob-ably purchased by Judy, his wonderful, beautiful wife. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested. 
S. 3749. An act to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, review, and resolution of claims al-leging that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and pro-tections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sex-ual harassment, and for other purposes. f 
FINAL FLOOR REMARKS (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is going to be my last time up here. You all are great, and it is a pleasure to talk to you. Someone once told me that being at the House of Representatives was a dif-ferent kind of hell. So, when I was sworn into the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives 27 years ago, I said that I had survived hell on Earth at the infa-mous Hanoi Hilton and the Texas House of Representatives, and that I guess I had gone from hell to hell to hell. While there have been some hellish long nights here—and days—what I will remember is how thankful I am to have had the opportunity to serve America and defend freedom from the Halls of Congress. I thank all of the constituents of my Third District of Texas, thank all of my colleagues and friends in this room, and thank my country. Serving in the Congress has been one of the highest honors of my life. We live in the greatest country in the world, and don’t forget it. If I leave any legacy behind, I hope that it is one of service above self. God bless you. God bless America. I salute you and this great Nation. 
f 
PUERTO RICO STATEHOOD (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to stand today in solidarity with my sister, ‘‘mi hermana,’’ ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , in calling for what is long overdue: state-hood for Puerto Rico. The residents of Puerto Rico, more than 3 million strong, have been U.S. citizens for more than 100 years, yet they continue to be denied equal rights, including voting representation in this body. This inequality has consequences. As we saw so vividly in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico has faced injustices that no U.S. State would have to endure. The Puerto Rican people have dem-onstrated their preference for state-hood repeatedly, and they should be given a chance to cast a straight-forward vote whose results will be re-spected: yes or no on statehood. My departing colleague from south Florida will be greatly missed in this cause, and in so many others, but I know she will continue the fight as a private citizen. I will fight twice as hard in her absence to ensure equality for Puerto Rico and Puerto Ricans once and for all. I will miss you, friend. ‘‘Te voy a extranar, amiga.’’ 
f 
SUPPORTING PUERTO RICO STATEHOOD (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, my colleague and good friend D
EBBIE  W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ’s Spanish was perfect, ‘‘perfecto.’’ As she has pointed out, I have long supported the cause of statehood for Puerto Rico, but the lack of action on our part has kept Puerto Rico from having a voice and a vote on this very floor, which is imperative for our great democracy. For over 100 years, the people of Puerto Rico have been proud American citizens. Plebiscite after plebiscite, Puerto Ricans have voted that they will no longer accept the territory sta-tus. Statehood will promote economic de-velopment and jobs on the island so that these American citizens can have a better life and stop losing its people to the mainland after the devastating impacts of Hurricanes Irma and Maria. Congresswoman J
ENNIFFER  G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N—that is her proper title, that is what it should be—whom I am proud to call my friend, has made statehood for Puerto Rico her priority, urging Republicans and Democrats alike, as you have heard, to act. We must listen and we must do what is right. As chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I recognize that statehood will enhance our national se-curity, serving as our Nation’s third border in the Caribbean. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.015 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10190 December 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the status quo is simply unacceptable. I urge my colleagues to support statehood for Puerto Rico. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REBY CARY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a Black icon in the Fort Worth community, Reby Cary. Reby lived a monumental life, and as the former Fort Worth Star-Telegram columnist Bobby Ray Sanders ex-pressed: ‘‘He was an activist from the heart, and he was not afraid.’’ He was among the first African Americans to graduate from the U.S. Coast Guard radioman school in New Jersey and the first African American to be elected to the Fort Worth Inde-pendent School District. He shared many of the successes of Black pio-neers in the community, many of whom didn’t receive the accolades they deserved in what was then a segregated society. After serving multiple tours in World War II, Mr. Cary came back to Tarrant County, where he started teaching his-tory at Dunbar High School when it was a new high school. He later became the first Black in-structor at Tarrant County Junior Col-lege. He went on to serve three terms in the Texas House of Representatives, continuing to serve his Carver Heights community and all of Fort Worth. Mr. Cary was a proud member of The New Rising Star Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth. He credited God for the many blessings that came his way and his mother for keeping him on what he called ‘‘the straight and nar-row.’’ He wanted to tell Black Fort Worth’s story, and he wanted to ensure that the history of the African American com-munity was documented and remem-bered for generations to come. He be-came a Black historian and authored 20 books about the history of African Americans in north Texas. My condolences go out to his family and friends. His presence will be missed but never forgotten. I also want to let all of his friends know in Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, his church, and all of the organizations that he volunteered for in Fort Worth just how important that legacy was for him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MELVIN PHILLIPS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my dear friend Melvin Phil-lips, a full-blooded Oneida Indian, who is facing eviction from his ancestral land by the illegitimate CEO of the Oneida Indian Nation, Ray Halbritter. Mr. Phillips currently resides on an-cestral land in Vernon, New York, which his family has possessed for cen-turies, long prior to the last treaty signed by the State of New York in 1842, of which all of his ancestors signed all of the treaties with the State and were codified into State law there-after. Melvin Phillips is an 82-year-old lead-er of the Orchard Party Band of Onei-das. Virtually all the elected officials in my region, including the Governor of New York, my 2018 opponent, and all of my predecessors who held this seat, overtly or tacitly, wrongly support the eviction of this genuine Native Amer-ican and his family from their ances-tral lands, in spite of all the laws in place to protect Mr. Phillips. I have represented Mr. Phillips and his family pro bono because of his amazing story. He is the epitome of the American hero, albeit the Native American hero. Mr. Phillips refuses to compromise his integrity. He is a fighter for the truth. He will not cash in to this cor-rupt casino leader or anyone else to protect his land or his culture. Regardless of any official position I hold, I will not stop fighting for Mr. Phillips and his family no matter how many millions are spent to defeat me at the ballot box by Mr. Halbritter and his shills or how difficult the odds may be for this great American. For more information, please go to www.melvinphillipsstory.com. f 
b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN STEPHEN GRACE (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Captain Stephen Grace, a young, beloved father, husband, son, brother, and U.S. airman who died un-expectedly before his time. Stephen grew up in my hometown of Cincinnati. From an early age, he dreamed of being an Air Force pilot. He had a competitive spirit, a calling to service, and a love for life. It all came too easily for Stephen. He excelled in the swimming pool, a gifted swimmer who emphasized self- improvement and self-accountability. He helped lead my alma mater, St. Xa-vier High School, to the high school State swimming titles. St. Xavier has a motto: ‘‘Be Men for Others.’’ Stephen lived that motto in his time with us, and it was no surprise to those who knew him when he was accepted and attended the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado. He went on to pilot the F–16 and re-cently became an F–35 instructor, a re-markable feat that stands as a testa-ment to his leadership and his ability. Stephen Grace represented every-thing you want an American to be: hardworking and selfless. Stephen was well-loved and looked up to. He lived his dream. He served his country. He embodied a higher ideal, one of service above self. While he is gone far too soon, few can claim the extraordinary legacy he leaves behind for all of us. We pray for the family of Captain Stephen Grace; for his daughter, Georgia; his wife, Kelsey; for his parents, Robert and Christina; and for his sisters, Shannon and Kathleen. Stephen, a grateful Nation salutes you. f 
CONGRATULATING EDUCATOR JENNIFER ALBERT (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Jennifer Albert from Fernandina Beach, Florida, for winning the Milken Educator Award. This award recognizes innovative teachers, principals, and education spe-cialists around the country who have made exceptional contributions to their profession. Ms. Albert teaches science and math to fifth graders at Emma Love Hardee Elementary School in Nassau County, and was the only teacher in the State of Florida chosen for this prestigious award. Our educators are tasked with the awesome responsibility of teaching the next generation of Americans, and Ms. Albert has inspired all of us with her creativity and commitment to student achievement. Her use of small groups, project- based learning, and games even, has elevated her class to 81 percent pro-ficiency in science, and 79 percent pro-ficiency in math. These are impressive numbers to speak to the success of her positive and innovative techniques. On behalf of the Fourth District of Florida and the students and parents of Emma Love Hardee Elementary School, I want to thank Ms. Albert for her lifelong dedication to excellence in the classroom, and congratulations on receiving the recognition she so well deserves. 
f 
RONALD V. DELLUMS MEMORIAL FELLOWSHIP (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight my new bill, the Ronald V. Dellums Memorial Fellowship for Women of Color in STEAM and Na-tional Security Act. I am thrilled to introduce this for-ward-looking bill which will create a pipeline for women of color working in the STEAM fields through new na-tional security fellowships. This bill is named after a great statesman and former chair of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.017 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10191 December 13, 2018 
House Armed Services Committee, my mentor, my former boss, the late Con-gressman Ron Dellums. Congressman Dellums broke barriers as the first Black chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. He was also an avid champion of diversity at all lev-els. In the 1970s, he hired me to work on his staff as one of the only women of color in a senior role on Capitol Hill. He was a pioneer and a visionary who understood the need for elevating women of color in every field. That is why my bill, which has the support of organizations like the Civic Engagement and Leadership Institute for Everyone is so important. It will help honor Ron’s legacy, build greater diversity in national security, and cre-ate much more STEAM opportunities for women of color. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me by cosponsoring my bill, the Ronald Dellums Memorial Fellowship for Women of Color in STEAM and Na-tional Security Act. 
f 
HONORING CENTRACARE HEALTH DIRECTOR DAVID BORGERT (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor CentraCare Health’s Di-rector of Community and Government Relations, David Borgert. His ap-proaching retirement will mark the end of his 21-year career with CentraCare Health. As a testament to David’s hard work, CentraCare has thrived under his lead-ership. Whether it was securing grants and donations; educating his commu-nity on the intricacies of State, Fed-eral, and community issues; or finding new ways to provide quality care, David has set the standard in the State of Minnesota. This is why the Minnesota Hospital Association took notice and awarded David with the Spirit of Advocacy Award for his tireless efforts to inform the central Minnesota community about healthcare reform. Under David’s strong leadership, CentraCare Health has consistently been recognized for its outstanding work. David Borgert is a beloved and cherished member of our community because of his dedication to providing quality healthcare. His service to our community will be missed and we thank him for his years of commitment. We look forward to seeing him in his well-deserved retire-ment. 
f 
STAND WITH THE PEOPLE OF IRAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the people of Iran have taken to the streets and continue to protest against the il-legitimate regime of the Ayatollah and the mullahs. These protests have taken place in numerous cities now for 1 year. The people protest the war- mongering dictatorship, the tyranny of the Iranian Government and its ter-rorist activities. The people want free-dom. However, the mullahs are react-ing with crackdowns on the people. Arrests, beatings, and jailing con-tinues to occur. It is interesting that the majority of these protests are led by women and the young. Even truck drivers have gone on strike in the pro-test. Groups such as the MEK have spoken out against the corrupt Iranian Gov-ernment and oppression of the people. Further, the Government of Iran has sworn to destroy the United States. The United States should stand with the Iranian people in their quest for freedom from the tyrants of Iran. As President Kennedy once said: ‘‘Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.’’ And that is just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF B.J. BARNES (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to recognize the service of Guil-ford County’s longest-serving sheriff in history, B.J. Barnes. Sheriff Barnes is retiring after more than two decades of service to the peo-ple and to the community of central North Carolina. Beginning in 1970, Sheriff Barnes felt the call to serve and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps at only 19 years old. After beginning a career in law en-forcement, he was elected sheriff in 1994. His reforms to the Guilford Coun-ty justice system over the years have not gone unnoticed, from updating ramshackle jails to bringing our coun-ty necessary forensic technology, Sher-iff Barnes always fought, and suc-ceeded, in keeping Guilford County safe. His service forever changed our com-munity, and, we, along with his peers throughout the State and the country, will always remember his relentless dedication, his integrity, and his com-passion. Twenty-four years and six terms later, Sheriff Barnes retires with an outstanding record and will continue to be a source of influence for Guilford County. Heroes like Sheriff Barnes are the fabric of our community, and I am blessed to call him a friend and men-tor. HONORING THE LIFE OF SERGEANT BENTON BERTRAM (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, every morning our heroes in law en-forcement wake up and they kiss their loved ones good-bye, knowing that there is always a chance they may not return that night. Last night, in Charlestown, in Clark County, in the Hoosier State, one of those heroes, Sergeant Ben Bertram of the Charlestown Police Department did not return home. Sergeant Bertram was killed in pursuit of a suspect into an adjoining county, doing his duty, doing what he loved, and protecting Hoosiers all the way across the State. It is with deep sorrow our commu-nity back home mourns his loss, and celebrates his sacrifice to the Hoosier State. We thank Sergeant Bertram. Rest easy. f 
COMMENDING SONNY PERDUE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank and commend Secretary Sonny Perdue of the USDA for a recent decision to help northern California with its water situation. They are of-fering a $449 million loan to help the Sites area project, an intertie that will help the Tehama-Colusa Canal and the Glenn-Colusa Canal intertie to each other, and, therefore, be part of the in-frastructure that will help the Sites Reservoir be successful when it is fi-nally built. It is much needed for northern Cali-fornia’s water interconnectivity, flexi-bility, and overall goals of more water storage in our State, especially upon the heels of the California State Water Resources Control Board’s shift of what could be up to 700,000 more acre feet away from human use towards du-bious environmental use. Mr. Speaker, we need help with water storage, water capacity. I thank Sec-retary Perdue and Secretary Zinke for their attention to northern California for these water needs, and thank the Trump administration for it as well. 
f 
FAREWELL TO CONGRESS (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my humblest gratitude for the opportunity to serve my community, my country, and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives for the last 8 years. Anybody who has lived the life of public service knows that you have to surround yourself with good people, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.018 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10192 December 13, 2018 
meaning you have got to have a great team, both in the district, as well as here in the U.S. Capitol; from the legis-lative side of things, as well as making sure that your constituency has the best customer service there is. We have had an amazing team. To be able to help people in our community with all of the different challenges they have faced with Social Security, or VA benefits, or visas, we have had an amazing team there to help out. To help our veterans receive the benefits that they deserve and have earned, we have had a great team to help out. We have passed a number of pieces of legislation because we have had a team here in Washington, D.C. that is fo-cused on delivering for our community, for our State, and for our country. And for that, I need to thank our en-tire team, from my chief of staff: Jim Kjol in the State Senate; to Jason Larrabee here, starting from my first days; to now, Bret Manley, my current chief of staff. We have had teams that have been managed by great individ-uals. On the personal front, you can’t do this job without having a spouse that is there with you through all of the chal-lenges of campaigns, schedules, and traveling. I have had the best partner, friend, and companion. Sonia has put up with a lot, and she has also enjoyed the ride that we have had together. It has been an amazing journey that my kids have taken part in, to have my son and daughter not only face the challenges of kids growing up in a po-litical family, but also having the great accomplishments side by side with their father. Mr. Speaker, I will address the rest of my remarks in the coming minutes. 
f 
b1230 FAREWELL TO CONGRESS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, con-tinuing with my family, Sonia, from our earliest days of dating and putting up with the travels of my commitment to serve my country in the Air Force, to my kids facing the challenges of traveling in this job, I thank them. I also want to thank those who have elected me and who put their faith and trust in me to allow me to work hard for them. It has been a tremendous journey, one that I have been privi-leged to have had, both from my family and from our community. I have made great friendships here, from the wolf pack to my legislators who have come here with me, some amazing relationships, and it has been a great honor to serve with them, to work with them, and to enjoy our time together. Lastly, to my parents, my mom, who has been so proud of me: Mom, I just say to please stay off Facebook. Thank you to my father, who has passed, for giving me the strength and the con-fidence to do anything that I wanted to do in life, and to my grandfather, who encouraged me to get into public serv-ice. It has been their support as well as my brother, sister, and business part-ner who have allowed me to spend my time serving my community and serv-ing my country. Mr. Speaker, it has been a great ride, and I thank them all. f 
CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 REFORM ACT Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3749) to amend the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995 to reform the proce-dures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, in-cluding protections against sexual har-assment, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3749 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.). (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references in Act; table of contents. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims Sec. 101. Description of procedures available for consideration of alleged vio-lations. Sec. 102. Reform of process for initiation of procedures. Sec. 103. Preliminary review of claims by hearing officer. Sec. 104. Availability of mediation during process. Subtitle B—Other Reforms Sec. 111. Requiring Members of Congress to reimburse Treasury for amounts paid as settlements and awards in cases of acts by Members. Sec. 112. Automatic referral to Congres-sional Ethics Committees of disposition of certain claims al-leging violations of Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 involving Members of Con-gress and senior staff. Sec. 113. Availability of remote work assign-ment or paid leave of absence during pendency of procedures. Sec. 114. Modification of rules on confiden-tiality of proceedings. Sec. 115. Reimbursement by other employ-ing offices of legislative branch of payments of certain awards and settlements. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS Sec. 201. Reports on awards and settlements. Sec. 202. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices. Sec. 203. Record retention. Sec. 204. Confidential advisors. Sec. 205. GAO study of management prac-tices. Sec. 206. GAO audit of cybersecurity. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS Sec. 301. Application of Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. Sec. 302. Extension to unpaid staff of rights and protections against em-ployment discrimination. Sec. 303. Clarification of treatment of Li-brary of Congress visitors. Sec. 304. Notices. Sec. 305. Clarification of coverage of em-ployees of Helsinki and China Commissions. Sec. 306. Training and education programs of other employing offices. Sec. 307. Support for out-of-area covered em-ployees. Sec. 308. Renaming Office of Compliance as Office of Congressional Work-place Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 401. Effective date. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims SEC. 101. DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES AVAIL-ABLE FOR CONSIDERATION OF AL-LEGED VIOLATIONS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES DESCRIBED .—Section 401 (2 U.S.C. 1401) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCEDURE FOR CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING AND REVIEW OF CLAIMS .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided, the procedure for consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II consists of— ‘‘(1) the filing of a claim by the covered employee alleging the violation, as provided in section 402; ‘‘(2) the preliminary review of the claim, to be conducted by a hearing officer as provided in section 403; ‘‘(3) mediation as provided in section 404, if requested and agreed to by the parties under that section; and ‘‘(4) a formal hearing as provided in section 405, subject to Board review as provided in section 406 and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit as provided in section 407. ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF EMPLOYEE TO FILECIVILAC-
TION.— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL ACTION .—Only a covered em-ployee who has filed a claim timely as pro-vided in section 402 and who has not sub-mitted a request for a hearing on the claim pursuant to section 405(a) may, during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.020 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10193 December 13, 2018 
period described in paragraph (3), file a civil action in a District Court of the United States with respect to the violation alleged in the claim, as provided in section 408. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FILING CIVIL ACTION .—Not- withstanding paragraph (2), (3), or (4) of sub-section (a), if the covered employee files such a civil action— ‘‘(A) the preliminary review of the claim by the hearing officer as provided in section 403 shall terminate upon the filing of the ac-tion by the covered employee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure for consideration of the alleged violation shall not include any fur-ther review of the claim by the hearing offi-cer as provided in section 403. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD FOR FILING CIVIL ACTION .—The period described in this paragraph with re-spect to a claim is the 70-day period which begins on the date the covered employee files the claim under section 402. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR EMPLOYEES WHO FAIL  
TO STATE A CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAY BE  
GRANTED .—Notwithstanding paragraph (3), if a covered employee receives a written notice from the hearing officer under section 403(d)(2) that the employee has the right to file a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, the covered employee may file the civil action not later than 90 days after receiving such written no-tice. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ARCHITECT OF THE  C
APITOL AND CAPITOL POLICE .—In the case of an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, the Of-fice, after receiving a claim filed under sec-tion 402, may recommend that the employee use the grievance procedures of the Archi-tect of the Capitol or the Capitol Police for resolution of the employee’s grievance for a specific period of time. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for which the em-ployee is using the grievance procedures, that has not already passed by the first day of that specific period, shall be stayed during that specific period. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES FOR LIBRARY OF  C
ONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
IRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, or 203. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a Library claimant. ‘‘(C) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means, with respect to a di-rect provision, an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER THIS ACT .—A Library claim-ant who initially files a claim for an alleged violation as provided in section 402 may, at any time before the date that is 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of the claim under sec-tion 403(c), elect to bring the claim for a pro-ceeding before the corresponding Federal agency under the corresponding direct provi-sion, instead of continuing with the proce-dures applicable to the claim under this title or filing a civil action in accordance with section 408. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS OR LABOR  
LAW.—A Library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(A) continue with the agency’s procedures and preserve the option (if any) to bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant; or ‘‘(B) file a claim with the Office under sec-tion 402 and continue with the corresponding procedures of this title available and appli-cable to a covered employee. ‘‘(4) TIMING .—A Library claimant who meets the initial deadline under section 402(d) for filing a claim under this title, or any initial deadline for bringing a claim, complaint, or charge under the applicable di-rect provision, and then elects to change to alternative procedures as described in para-graph (2) or (3)(B), shall be considered to meet any initial deadline for the alternative procedures. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall take effect and shall apply as described in section 153(c) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) (except to the extent such section applies to any violation of section 210 or a provision of an Act specified in section 210). ‘‘(e) R
IGHTS OF PARTIES TO RETAIN PRIVATE  C
OUNSEL .—Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to limit the authority of any indi-vidual (including a covered employee, the head of an employing office, or an individual who is alleged to have committed personally an act which consists of a violation of part A of title II) to retain counsel to protect the interests of the individual at any point dur-ing any of the procedures provided under this title for the consideration of an alleged vio-lation of part A of title II, including as pro-vided under section 415(d)(8) with respect to individuals subject to a reimbursement re-quirement of section 415(d). ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS FOR ASSERTIONS MADE BY  P
ARTIES .—Any party in any of the proce-dures provided under this title, as well as any counsel or other person representing a party in any of such procedures, shall have an obligation to ensure that, to the best of the party’s knowledge, information, and be-lief, as formed after an inquiry which is rea-sonable under the circumstances, each of the following is correct: ‘‘(1) No pleading, written motion, or other paper is presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of resolution of the matter. ‘‘(2) The claims, defenses, and other legal contentions the party advocates are war-ranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or re-versing existing law or for establishing new law. ‘‘(3) The factual contentions have evi-dentiary support or, if specifically so identi-fied, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further re-view or discovery. ‘‘(4) The denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or, if specifically so identified, are reasonably based on belief or a lack of information. ‘‘(g) P
ROCEDURE .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to supersede or limit section 225(d)(2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  C
IVIL ACTION .—Section 408(a) (2 U.S.C. 1408(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 404’’ and inserting ‘‘section 401’’; (2) by striking ‘‘who has completed coun-seling under section 402 and mediation under section 403’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO  T
ITLE IV.—Title IV is amended— (1) by striking section 404 (2 U.S.C. 1404); and (2) by redesignating section 403 (2 U.S.C. 1403) as section 404. (d) MISCELLANEOUS CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 225 (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 404; and (2) by redesignating the item relating to section 403 as relating to section 404. 
SEC. 102. REFORM OF PROCESS FOR INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NITIATION OF PROCEDURES .—Section 402 (2 U.S.C. 1402) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) C LAIM.— ‘‘(1) F
ILING OF CLAIM .—To commence a pro-ceeding under this title, a covered employee alleging a violation of law made applicable under part A of title II shall file a claim with the Office. The Office shall not accept a claim which is filed after the deadline appli-cable under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF CLAIM .—The claim filed under this section shall be made in writing under oath or affirmation, shall describe the facts that form the basis of the claim and the violation that is being alleged, shall identify the employing office alleged to have committed the violation or in which the vio-lation is alleged to have occurred, and shall be in such form as the Office requires. ‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON ABILITY OF COVERED EM -
PLOYEE TO SEEK INFORMATION FROM OFFICE OR  
PURSUE RELIEF .—Nothing in paragraph (2), or subsection (b) or (c), may be construed to limit the ability of a covered employee— ‘‘(A) to contact the Office or any other ap-propriate office prior to filing a claim under this section to seek information regarding the employee’s rights under this Act and the procedures available under this Act; ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered employee of an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or Senate, to refer information regarding an alleged violation of part A of title II to the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Com-mittee on Ethics of the Senate (as the case may be); or ‘‘(C) to file a civil action in accordance with section 401(b). ‘‘(b) I
NITIAL PROCESSING OF CLAIM.— ‘‘(1) I
NTAKE AND RECORDING ; NOTIFICATION  
TO EMPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon the filing of a claim by a covered employee under sub-section (a), the Office shall take such steps as may be necessary for the initial intake and recording of the claim, including pro-viding each party with all relevant informa-tion with respect to the rights of the party under this Act, and shall transmit imme-diately a copy of the claim to the head of the employing office and the designated rep-resentative of that office. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
FOR CLAIMS BASED ON ACTS BY MEMBERS OF  
CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a claim al-leging a violation described in subparagraph (B) which consists of a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A) by an individual, upon the filing of the claim under subsection (a), the Office shall notify immediately such in-dividual of the claim, the possibility that the individual may be required to reimburse the account described in section 415(a) for the re-imbursable portion of any award or settle-ment in connection with the claim, and the right of the individual under section 415(d)(8) to intervene in any mediation, hearing, or civil action under this title with respect to the claim. ‘‘(B) V
IOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10194 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(c) U
SE OF SECURE ELECTRONIC REPORTING  
ANDTRACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF SE -
CURE SYSTEM .—The Office shall establish and operate a secure electronic reporting system through which a covered employee may ini-tiate a proceeding under this title, and which will keep an electronic record of the date and time at which the proceeding is initiated and will track all subsequent actions or pro-ceedings occurring with respect to the pro-ceeding under this title. ‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBILITY TO ALL PARTIES .—The system shall be accessible to all parties to such actions or proceedings, but only until the completion of such actions or pro-ceedings. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PRO -
CEDURES .—The Office shall use the informa-tion contained in the system to make reg-ular assessments of the effectiveness of the procedures under this title in providing for the timely resolution of claims, and shall submit semi-annual reports on such assess-ments each year to the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate. ‘‘(d) D
EADLINE .—A covered employee may not file a claim under this section with re-spect to an allegation of a violation of law after the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the alleged viola-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by amending the item relating to section 402 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 402. Initiation of procedures.’’. 
SEC. 103. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS BY HEARING OFFICER. 
(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW DESCRIBED .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 101(c), is further amended by inserting after section 402 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 403. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW BY HEARING OF-
FICER .— ‘‘(1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 7 days after transmission to the employing office of a claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer to conduct a preliminary review of the claim. ‘‘(2) P
ROCESS FOR APPOINTMENT .—The Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer under this subsection in the same manner and in accordance with the same require-ments and procedures applicable to the ap-pointment of a hearing officer under section 405(c). ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS REQUIRED .—In con- ducting a preliminary review of a claim under this section, the hearing officer shall assess each of the following: ‘‘(1) Whether the claimant is a covered em-ployee authorized to obtain relief relating to the claim under this title. ‘‘(2) Whether the office which is the subject of the claim is an employing office under this Act. ‘‘(3) Whether the individual filing the claim has met the applicable deadlines for filing the claim under this title. ‘‘(4) The identification of factual and legal issues involved with respect to the claim. ‘‘(5) The specific relief sought by the indi-vidual. ‘‘(6) Whether, on the basis of the assess-ments made under paragraphs (1) through (5), the individual filing the claim is a cov-ered employee who has stated a claim for which, if the allegations contained in the claim are true, relief may be granted under this title. ‘‘(7) The potential for the settlement of the claim without a formal hearing as provided under section 405 or a civil action as pro-vided under section 408. ‘‘(c) REPORT ON REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after a claim is filed under section 402, the hearing officer shall submit to the individual filing the claim and the office which is the subject of the claim a report on the preliminary re-view conducted under this section, and shall include in the report the hearing officer’s de-termination as to whether the individual is a covered employee who has stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title (as described in paragraph (6) of subsection (b)). The submission of the report shall con-clude the preliminary review. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The hearing officer may (upon notice to the individual filing the claim and the employing office which is the subject of the claim) use an ad-ditional period of not to exceed 30 days to conclude the preliminary review. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATION OF FAILURE  
TOSTATE CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAYBE G
RANTED .—If the hearing officer’s report on the preliminary review of a claim under sub-section (c) includes the determination that the individual filing the claim is not a cov-ered employee or has not stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title— ‘‘(1) the individual (including an individual who is a Library claimant, as defined in sec-tion 401(d)(1)) may not obtain a formal hear-ing with respect to the claim as provided under section 405; and ‘‘(2) the hearing officer shall provide the individual and the Executive Director with a written notice that the individual may file a civil action with respect to the claim in ac-cordance with section 408. ‘‘(e) T
RANSMISSION OF REPORT ON PRELIMI -
NARY REVIEW OF CERTAIN CLAIMS TO CON-
GRESSIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES .—In the case of a hearing officer’s report under subsection (c) on the preliminary review of a claim al-leging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A), the hearing officer shall trans-mit the report to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of such an act by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); or ‘‘(2) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of such an act by a Sen-ator.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTING HEARING  A
FTER PRELIMINARY REVIEW .—Section 405(a) (2 U.S.C. 1405(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR HEARINGS TO COM-
MENCE IN OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) H
EARING REQUIRED UPON REQUEST .—If, not later than 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of a claim under section 403(c), a covered em-ployee submits a request to the Executive Director for a hearing under this section, the Executive Director shall appoint an inde-pendent hearing officer pursuant to sub-section (c) to consider the claim and render a decision, and a hearing shall be com-menced in the Office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to the claim if— ‘‘(A) the hearing officer’s report on the pre-liminary review of the claim under section 403(c) includes the determination that the in-dividual filing the claim is not a covered em-ployee who has stated a claim for which re-lief may be granted under this title (as de-scribed in section 403(d)); or ‘‘(B) the covered employee files a civil ac-tion as provided in section 408 with respect to the claim.’’. (c) PROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON-
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON-
DUCTING HEARING .—Section 405(c) (2 U.S.C. 1405(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON -
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON -
DUCTING HEARING .—The Executive Director may not appoint a hearing officer to conduct a hearing under this section with respect to a claim if the hearing officer conducted the preliminary review with respect to the claim under section 403.’’. (d) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF HEAR-
ING; PERMITTING ADDITIONAL TIME.—Section 405(d) (2 U.S.C. 1405(d)) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) commenced no later than 90 days after the Executive Director receives the covered employee’s request for the hearing under subsection (a), except that, upon mutual agreement of the parties or for good cause, the Office shall extend the time for com-mencing a hearing for not more than an ad-ditional 30 days; and’’. (e) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RE-
LATING TO HEARINGS CONDUCTED BY OFFICE OF  C
ONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS .—Section 405 (2 U.S.C. 1405) is amended as follows: (1) In the heading, by striking ‘‘
COMPLAINT  
AND’’. (2) In subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘request for a hearing under subsection (a)’’. (3) In subsection (d) in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (4) In subsection (g), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (f) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 414 (2 U.S.C. 1414) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF COMPLAINTS ’’. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents, as amended by section 101(e), is further amended as follows: (1) By inserting after the item relating to section 402 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 403. Preliminary review of claims.’’. (2) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 405 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 405. Hearing.’’. (3) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 414 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 414. Settlement.’’. 
SEC. 104. AVAILABILITY OF MEDIATION DURING PROCESS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(a) (2 U.S.C. 1403(a)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING MEDIATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—Upon receipt of a claim under section 402, the Office shall no-tify the covered employee who filed the claim about the process for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon trans-mission to the employing office of the claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Office shall notify the employing office about the proc-ess for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(2) I
NITIATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), either the cov-ered employee who filed a claim under sec-tion 402 or the employing office named in the claim may file a request for mediation with the Office, which shall promptly notify the other party. If the other party agrees to the request, the Office shall promptly assign a mediator to the claim, and conduct medi-ation under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10195 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) T IMING .—A covered employee or an employing office may file a request for medi-ation under subparagraph (A) during the pe-riod beginning on the date that the covered employee or employing office, respectively, receives a notification under paragraph (1) regarding a claim under section 402 and end-ing on the date on which a hearing officer issues a written decision relating to the claim under section 405(g) or the covered em-ployee files a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, as ap-plicable. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO REQUEST OR ACCEPT MEDI -
ATION TO HAVE NO EFFECT ON TREATMENT OF  
CLAIM .—The failure of a party to request me-diation under this section with respect to a claim, or the failure of a party to agree to a request for mediation under this section, may not be taken into consideration under any procedure under this title with respect to the claim, including a preliminary review under section 403, a formal hearing under section 405, or a civil action under section 408.’’. (b) R
EQUIRING PARTIES TO BESEPARATED  D
URING MEDIATION AT REQUEST OF EM-
PLOYEE .—Section 404(b)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1403(b)(2)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking ‘‘meetings with the parties separately or jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘meetings with the parties during which, at the request of any of the parties, the parties shall be separated,’’. (c) P
ERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(c) (2 U.S.C. 1403(c)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking the first 2 sen-tences and inserting the following: ‘‘The me-diation period shall be 30 days, beginning on the first day after the second party agrees to the request for the mediation. The mediation period may be extended for one additional period of 30 days at the joint request of the covered employee and employing office. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for which mediation has been agreed to in this section, that has not already passed by the first day of the mediation period, shall be stayed during the mediation period.’’. Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
SEC. 111. REQUIRING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO REIMBURSE TREASURY FOR AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS AND AWARDS IN CASES OF ACTS BY MEMBERS. 
(a) M ANDATING REIMBURSEMENT OF  A
MOUNTS PAID.—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS OF AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS  
ANDAWARDS .— ‘‘(1) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (D), if a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in subparagraph (C) committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, the individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of the award or set-tlement for the claim involved. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS .—In the case of an award made pursuant to a decision of a hearing of-ficer under section 405, or a court in a civil action, subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the hearing officer or court makes a separate finding that a violation described in subpara-graph (C) occurred which was committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, and such individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of compensatory damages included in the award as would be available if awarded under section 1977A(b)(3) of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a(b)(3)) irrespective of the size of the employing office. In the case of a set-tlement for a claim described in section 416(d)(3), subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the conditions specified in section 416(d)(3) for requesting reimbursement are met. ‘‘(C) VIOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(D) M
ULTIPLE CLAIMS .—If an award or set-tlement is made for multiple claims, some of which do not require reimbursement under this subsection, the individual described in subparagraph (A) shall only be required to reimburse for the amount (referred to in this Act as the ‘reimbursable portion’) that is— ‘‘(i) described in subparagraph (A), subject to subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) included in the portion of the award or settlement attributable to a claim requir-ing reimbursement. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING AMOUNTS FROM COM -
PENSATION .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF TIMETABLE AND  
PROCEDURES BY COMMITTEES .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (B), the appli-cable Committee shall establish a timetable and procedures for the withholding of amounts from the compensation of an indi-vidual who is a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives or a Senator. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The payroll administrator shall withhold from an individual’s com-pensation and transfer to the account de-scribed in subsection (a) (after making any deposit required under section 8432(f) of title 5, United States Code) such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account de-scribed in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) if the individual has not re-imbursed the account as required under paragraph (1) prior to the expiration of the 90-day period which begins on the date a pay-ment is made from the account for such an award or settlement. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE COMMITTEE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘applicable Com-mittee’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Member of the House; or ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate, in the case of an indi-vidual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Senator. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF AMOUNTS IN THRIFT SAVINGS  
FUND AS SOURCE OF REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, by the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has not reimbursed the ac-count for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), withholding and transfers of amounts shall continue under paragraph (2) if the individual remains employed in the same position, and the Exec-utive Director of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board shall make a trans-fer described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) T
RANSFERS .—The transfer by such Ex-ecutive Director is a transfer, from the ac-count of the individual in the Thrift Savings Fund to the account described in subsection (a), of an amount equal to the amount of that reimbursable portion of the award or settlement, reduced by— ‘‘(i) any amount the individual has reim-bursed, taking into account any amounts withheld under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) if the individual remains employed in the same position, any amount that the indi-vidual is scheduled to reimburse, taking into account any amounts to be withheld under the individual’s timetable under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) INITIATION OF TRANSFER .—Notwith- standing section 8435 of title 5, United States Code, the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall make the transfer under subparagraph (A) upon receipt of a written request to the Executive Director from the Secretary of the Treasury, in the form and manner required by the Executive Director. ‘‘(D) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN PAYROLL AD -
MINISTRATOR AND THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— The payroll administrator and the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall carry out this paragraph in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under this para-graph, in accordance with regulations pro-mulgated by the Board under section 303 and such Executive Director. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE WAGE GARNISHMENT OR  
OTHER COLLECTION OF WAGES FROM A SUBSE -
QUENT POSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO GARNISHMENT  
OR OTHER COLLECTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), the individual— ‘‘(i) has not reimbursed the account for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), through withholdings or transfers under paragraphs (2) and (3); ‘‘(ii) is not serving in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator; and ‘‘(iii) is employed in a subsequent non-Fed-eral position. ‘‘(B) G
ARNISHMENT OR OTHER COLLECTION OF  
WAGES .—On the expiration of that 270-day pe-riod, the amount of the reimbursable portion of an award or settlement described in para-graph (1) (reduced by any amount the indi-vidual has reimbursed, taking into account any amounts withheld or transferred under paragraph (2) or (3)) shall be treated as a claim of the United States and transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for collection. Upon that transfer, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collect the claim, in accord-ance with section 3711 of title 31, United States Code, including by administrative wage garnishment of the wages of the indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) from the position described in subparagraph (A)(iii). The Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the collected amount to the account described in subsection (a). ‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION TO OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT AND SECRETARY OF THE TREAS -
URY.— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO ANNUITY OR SO -
CIAL SECURITY WITHHOLDING .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the individual— ‘‘(i) has not served in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator during the preceding 90 days; and ‘‘(ii) is not employed in a subsequent non- Federal position. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10196 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) A NNUITY OR SOCIAL SECURITY WITH -
HOLDING .—If, at any time after the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the in-dividual described in subparagraph (A) has not reimbursed the account described in sub-section (a) for the entire reimbursable por-tion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) (as determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury), through withholdings, transfers, or collections under paragraphs (2) through (4), the Secretary of the Treasury (after consultation with the payroll administrator)— ‘‘(i) shall notify the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, who shall take such actions as the Director considers appro-priate to withhold from any annuity payable to the individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the remainder of the reimbursable portion of an award or settle-ment described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) shall (if necessary), notwithstanding section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407), take such actions as the Sec-retary of the Treasury considers appropriate to withhold from any payment to the indi-vidual under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account for the remainder of the reim-bursable portion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN OPM AND  
TREASURY .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out paragraph (5) in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under such paragraph, in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Director and the Secretary. ‘‘(7) C
ERTIFICATION .—Once the Executive Director determines that an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has reimbursed the account described in subsection (a) for the entire re-imbursable portion, the Executive Director shall prepare a certification that the indi-vidual has completed that reimbursement, and submit the certification to— ‘‘(A) the Committees on House Administra-tion and Ethics of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); and ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Senator. ‘‘(8) R
IGHT TO INTERVENE .—An individual who is subject to a reimbursement require-ment of this subsection shall have the un-conditional right to intervene in any medi-ation, hearing, or civil action under this title to protect the interests of the indi-vidual in the determination of whether an award or settlement described in paragraph (1) should be made, and the amount of any such award or settlement, except that noth-ing in this paragraph may be construed to require the covered employee who filed the claim to be deposed by counsel for the indi-vidual in a deposition that is separate from any other deposition taken from the em-ployee in connection with the hearing or civil action. ‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL POSITION .—The term ‘non-Federal position’ means a position other than the position of an employee, as defined in section 2105(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) PAYROLL ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘payroll administrator’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of an individual who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Of-ficer to carry out this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is a Senator, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Sec-retary to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8437(e)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘an obligation of the Executive Director to make a transfer under section 415(d)(3) of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(d)(3)),’’ before ‘‘or an obligation’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to claims made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. AUTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES-SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN CLAIMS ALLEGING VIOLATIONS OF CON-GRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND SENIOR STAFF. 
Section 416(e) (2 U.S.C. 1416(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEE OF DISPOSITIONS OF  C
LAIMS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
ANDSENIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(1) R
EFERRAL .—Upon the final disposition under this title (as described in paragraph (6)) of a claim alleging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or by a senior staff of the House of Representatives or Senate, the Executive Director shall refer the claim to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a Member or senior staff of the House; or ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of a Senator or senior staff of the Senate. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO RECORDS AND INFORMA -
TION.—If the Executive Director refers a claim to a Committee under paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall provide the Committee with access to the records of any preliminary reviews, hearings, or decisions of the hearing officers and the Board under this Act, and any information relating to an award or settlement paid, in response to such claim. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW BY SENATE ETHICS COMMITTEE  
OF SETTLEMENTS OF CERTAIN CLAIMS .—After the receipt of a settlement agreement for a claim that includes an allegation of a viola-tion described in section 415(d)(1)(C) com-mitted personally by a Senator, the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 90 days after that re-ceipt, review the settlement agreement; ‘‘(B) determine whether an investigation of the claim is warranted; and ‘‘(C) if the Select Committee determines, after the investigation, that the claim that resulted in the settlement involved an actual violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by the Senator, then the Select Committee shall notify the Exec-utive Director to request the reimbursement described in section 415(d) and include the settlement in the report required by section 301(l). ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report with respect to the claim, the Com-mittee shall ensure that the report does not directly disclose the identity or position of the individual who filed the claim. ‘‘(5) COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO PROTECT  
IDENTITY OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report as described in paragraph (4) con-cerning a Member of the House of Represent-atives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or a senior staff of the House of Representa-tives or Senate, the Committee may make an appropriate redaction to the information or data included in the report if the Chair-man and Vice Chairman of the Committee reach agreement— ‘‘(i) that including the information or data considered for redaction may lead to the un-intentional disclosure of the identity or posi-tion of a claimant; and ‘‘(ii) on the precise information or data to be redacted. ‘‘(B) N
OTATION AND STATEMENT .—The re- port including any such redaction shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the pur-pose of avoiding such an unintentional dis-closure of the identity or position of a claim-ant. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF REPORTS .—The Com-mittee making a redaction in accordance with this paragraph shall retain a copy of the report, without a redaction. ‘‘(6) F
INAL DISPOSITION DESCRIBED .—In this subsection, the ‘final disposition’ of a claim means any of the following: ‘‘(A) An order or agreement to pay an award or settlement, including an agreement reached pursuant to mediation under section 404. ‘‘(B) A final decision of a hearing officer under section 405(g) that is no longer subject to review by the Board under section 406. ‘‘(C) A final decision of the Board under section 406(e) that is no longer subject to ap-peal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit under section 407. ‘‘(D) A final decision in a civil action under section 408 that is no longer subject to ap-peal. ‘‘(7) S
ENIOR STAFF DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘senior staff’ means any in-dividual who, at the time a violation oc-curred, was required to file a report under title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 113. AVAILABILITY OF REMOTE WORK AS-SIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 417. OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT .—At the re-quest of a covered employee who files a claim alleging a violation of part A of title II by the covered employee’s employing of-fice, during the pendency of any of the proce-dures available under this title for consider-ation of the claim, the employing office may permit the covered employee to carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a re-mote location (referred to in this section as ‘permitting a remote work assignment’) where such relocation would have the effect of materially reducing interactions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation, instead of from a location of the employing office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR WORK ASSIGNMENTS RE -
QUIRED TO BE CARRIED OUT ONSITE .—If, in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10197 December 13, 2018 
determination of the covered employee’s em-ploying office, a covered employee who makes a request under this subsection can-not carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a remote location or such relocation would not have the effect described in para-graph (1), the employing office may during the pendency of the procedures described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; ‘‘(B) permit a remote work assignment and grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; or ‘‘(C) make another workplace adjustment, or permit a remote work assignment, that would have the effect of reducing inter-actions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
NSURING NO RETALIATION .—An em- ploying office may not grant a covered em-ployee’s request under this subsection in a manner which would constitute a violation of section 207. ‘‘(4) N
O IMPACT ON VACATION OR PERSONAL  
LEAVE .—In granting leave for a paid leave of absence under this section, an employing of-fice shall not require the covered employee to substitute, for that leave, any of the ac-crued paid vacation or personal leave of the covered employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ARRANGEMENTS SUB-
JECT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that it is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of any collective bargaining agreement which is in effect with respect to an employing office.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title IV the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 417. Option to request remote work as-signment or paid leave of ab-sence during pendency of proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF RULES ON CON-FIDENTIALITY OF PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) M EDIATION .—Section 416(b) (2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All medi-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘All information dis-cussed or disclosed in the course of any me-diation’’. (b) C
LAIMS .—Section 416 (2 U.S.C. 1416), as amended by section 112 and subsection (a) of this section, is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (a) through (e), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a covered employee from disclosing the factual allegations un-derlying the covered employee’s claim, or to prohibit an employing office from disclosing the factual allegations underlying the em-ploying office’s defense to the claim, in the course of any proceeding under this title.’’. 
SEC. 115. REIMBURSEMENT BY OTHER EMPLOY-ING OFFICES OF LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRING REIMBURSEMENT .—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415), as amended by section 111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY EMPLOYING OF-
FICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF PAYMENTS MADE FROM  
ACCOUNT .—As soon as practicable after the Executive Director is made aware that a payment of an award or settlement under this Act has been made from the account de-scribed in subsection (a) in connection with a claim alleging a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) by an employing office (other than an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or an employing office of the Senate), the Executive Director shall notify the head of the employing office that the payment has been made, and shall include in the notification a statement of the amount of the payment. ‘‘(2) REIMBURSEMENT BY OFFICE .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a notification from the Executive Director under paragraph (1), the head of the employing office involved shall transfer to the account described in subsection (a), out of any funds available for operating expenses of the office, a payment equal to the amount specified in the notifi-cation. ‘‘(3) T
IMETABLE AND PROCEDURES FOR REIM -
BURSEMENT .—The head of an employing of-fice shall transfer a payment under para-graph (2) in accordance with such timetable and procedures as may be established under regulations promulgated by the Office.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to payments made under section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415) for claims filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS 
SEC. 201. REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SETTLE-MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIRING SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
OF REPORTS .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(3), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘claim’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the rules issued by the applicable committee pursuant to paragraph (2): ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Office shall pre-pare and submit to Congress, and publish on the public website of the Office, an annual report regarding payments from the account described in section 415(a) that were the re-sult of claims alleging a violation of part A of title II (referred to in this subsection as ‘covered payments’). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—The reporting required under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) for a covered payment, or the reim-bursable portion of a covered payment, de-scribed in paragraph (2), conform to the re-quirements of the rules issued by the appli-cable committee under such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) for a covered payment, or the portion of a covered payment, not described in para-graph (2)— ‘‘(I) include the amount of the covered pay-ment or portion of the covered payment and information on the employing office in-volved; and ‘‘(II) identify each provision of part A of title II that was the subject of a claim re-sulting in the covered payment or portion of the covered payment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING PERIODS AND DATES .—The reporting required under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) for 2019, shall be submitted by the 60th day after the date on which the committees described in paragraph (2) issue the rules de-scribed in paragraph (2) and shall reflect cov-ered payments made in calendar year 2019; and ‘‘(ii) for 2020 and each subsequent calendar year, shall be submitted by January 31 of that year and shall reflect covered payments made in the previous calendar year. ‘‘(2) RULES REGARDING REPORTING OF COV -
ERED PAYMENTS FOR EMPLOYING OFFICES OF  
THE HOUSE AND EMPLOYING OFFICES OF THE  
SENATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall each issue rules estab-lishing the content, format, and other re-quirements for the reporting required under paragraph (1)(B)(i) with respect to— ‘‘(i) any covered payment made for claims involving an employing office described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sec-tion 101(a)(9) of the House of Representatives or of the Senate, respectively; and ‘‘(ii) the reimbursable portion of any such covered payment for which there is a finding requiring reimbursement under section 415(d)(1)(B) from a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, respectively. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The rules issued under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) by the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) of the House; and ‘‘(ii) by the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in subparagraph (A)(i) of the Senate. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF IDENTITY OF INDIVID -
UALS RECEIVING AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS .— In preparing, submitting, and publishing the reports required under paragraph (1), the Of-fice shall ensure that the identity or position of any claimant is not disclosed. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT THE IDENTITY  
OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (3), the Executive Director, in con-sultation with the Board, may make an ap-propriate redaction to the data included in the report described in paragraph (1) if the Executive Director, in consultation with the Board, determines that including the data considered for redaction may lead to the identity or position of a claimant uninten-tionally being disclosed. The report shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the purpose of avoiding such an unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Executive Di-rector shall retain a copy of the report de-scribed in paragraph (1), without redactions. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘claimant’ means an individual who re-ceived an award or settlement, or who made an allegation of a violation against an em-ploying office, under part A of title II.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1)(B) shall take effect on January 1, 2019. (b) R
EPORT ON AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY  P
AID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on the Office’s public website a report on all payments made with public funds (to include funds paid from the ac-count described in section 415(a) of the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(a)), an account of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10198 December 13, 2018 
Representatives or Senate, or any other ac-count of the Federal Government) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act for awards and settlements in connection with violations of section 201(a) of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)), or section 207 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1317), and shall include in the report the fol-lowing information: (A) The amount paid for each such award or settlement. (B) The source of the public funds used for the award or settlement. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IDEN -
TIFICATION OF HOUSE AND SENATE ACCOUNTS .— Nothing in paragraph (1)(B) may be con-strued to require or permit the Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights to report the account of any specific office of the House of Representatives or Senate as the source of funds used for an award or settlement. (c) R
ULEMAKING POWERS .—Section 501 (2 U.S.C. 1431) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, section 301(l),’’ before ‘‘and 304(c)’’. 
SEC. 202. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EM-PLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING SURVEYS .—Title III (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 307. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO CONDUCT SECURE SUR-
VEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Office shall conduct a secure survey of employing offices under this Act regarding the workplace environment of such offices. Employee responses to the sur-vey shall be voluntary. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON  S
EXUAL HARASSMENT .—In each survey con-ducted under this section, the Office shall survey respondents on attitudes regarding sexual harassment. ‘‘(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall conduct each survey under this section in accordance with methodologies established by the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Under the meth-odologies established under paragraph (1), all responses to all portions of the survey shall be anonymous and confidential, and each re-spondent shall be told throughout the survey that all responses shall be anonymous and confidential. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY FORM .—The Office shall limit the use of any information code or informa-tion on the survey form that makes a re-spondent to the survey, or the respondent’s employing office, individually identifiable. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF RESULTS OF SURVEYS .—The Of- fice shall furnish the information obtained from the surveys conducted under this sec-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOMMITTEES .—The Office shall carry out this section, including establishment of methodologies and proce-dures under subsection (c), in consultation with the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 307. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices.’’. 
SEC. 203. RECORD RETENTION. 
Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by section 201(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) RECORD RETENTION .—The Office shall establish and maintain a program for the permanent retention of its records, including the records of preliminary reviews, medi-ations, hearings, and other proceedings con-ducted under title IV.’’. 
SEC. 204. CONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS. 
Section 302 (2 U.S.C. 1382) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Executive Director shall— ‘‘(A) appoint, and fix the compensation of, and may remove, 1 or more confidential ad-visors to carry out the duties described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) designate 1 or more employees of the Office to serve as a confidential advisor. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under para-graph (1) shall offer to provide to covered employees described in paragraph (4) the services described in subparagraph (B), which a covered employee may accept or de-cline. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES .—The services referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the employ-ee’s rights under this Act; ‘‘(ii) consulting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, with a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding— ‘‘(I) the roles, responsibilities, and author-ity of the Office; and ‘‘(II) the relative merits of securing private counsel, designating a non-attorney rep-resentative, or proceeding without represen-tation for proceedings before the Office; ‘‘(iii) advising and consulting with, on a privileged and confidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding any claims the covered employee may have under title IV, the factual allega-tions that support each such claim, and the relative merits of the procedural options available to the employee for each such claim; ‘‘(iv) assisting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who seeks consideration under title IV of an alle-gation of a violation of part A of title II in understanding the procedures, and the sig-nificance of the procedures, described in title IV, including— ‘‘(I) assisting or consulting with the cov-ered employee regarding the drafting of a claim to be filed under section 402(a); and ‘‘(II) consulting with the covered employee regarding the procedural options available to the covered employee after a claim is filed, and the relative merits of each option; and ‘‘(v) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the option of pursuing, in appropriate circumstances, a complaint with the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUITY OF SERVICE .—Once a cov-ered employee has accepted and received any services offered under this section from a confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1), any other services re-quested under this subsection by the covered employee shall be provided, to the extent practicable, by the same confidential advi-sor. ‘‘(3) QUALIFICATIONS .—A confidential advi-sor appointed or designated under paragraph (1) shall be a lawyer who— ‘‘(A) is admitted to practice before, and is in good standing with, the bar of a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or a territory of the United States; and ‘‘(B) has experience representing clients in cases involving the workplace laws incor-porated by part A of title II. ‘‘(4) I
NDIVIDUALS COVERED .—The services described in paragraph (2) are available to any covered employee (which, for purposes of this subsection, shall include any staff mem-ber described in section 201(d) and any former covered employee (including any such former staff member)), except that— ‘‘(A) a former covered employee may only request such services if the practice that may be a violation of part A of title II oc-curred during the employment or service of the employee; and ‘‘(B) a covered employee described in this paragraph may only request such services before the expiration of the 180-day period described in section 402(d). ‘‘(5) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall not act as the designated rep-resentative for any covered employee in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding, including any pro-ceeding under this Act, any judicial pro-ceeding, or any proceeding before any com-mittee of Congress; ‘‘(B) shall not offer or provide services de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) to a covered em-ployee if the covered employee has des-ignated an attorney representative in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding under this Act, ex-cept that a confidential advisor may provide general assistance and information to such attorney representative regarding this Act and the role of the Office as the confidential advisor determines appropriate; and ‘‘(C) shall not serve as a mediator in any mediation conducted pursuant to section 404.’’. 
SEC. 205. GAO STUDY OF MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a), and shall include in the report such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improve-ments to the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
SEC. 206. GAO AUDIT OF CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the audit conducted under subsection (a), and shall include in the report such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS 
SEC. 301. APPLICATION OF GENETIC INFORMA-TION NONDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2008. 
Section 102 (2 U.S.C. 1302) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10199 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(c) G ENETIC INFORMATION NONDISCRIMINA -
TION ACT OF 2008.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of section 201(a)(1) shall be considered to apply to a vio-lation of title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), consistent with section 207(c) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2000ff–6(c)). ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) N
O LIMITATION ON OTHER LAWS .—Noth- ing in this section limits the provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of a law described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) O
THER LAWS .—A law described in this subparagraph is a law (even if not listed in subsection (a) or this subsection) that explic-itly applies one or more provisions of this Act to a violation.’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION TO UNPAID STAFF OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS AGAINST EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 201 (2 U.S.C. 1311) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION TO UNPAID STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to— ‘‘(A) any staff member of an employing of-fice who carries out official duties of the em-ploying office but who is not paid by the em-ploying office for carrying out such duties (referred to in this subsection as an ‘unpaid staff member’), including an intern, an indi-vidual detailed to an employing office, and an individual participating in a fellowship program, in the same manner and to the same extent as such subsections apply with respect to a covered employee; and ‘‘(B) a former unpaid staff member, if the act that may be a violation of subsection (a) occurred during the service of the former un-paid staffer for the employing office. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) may be construed to extend li-ability for a violation of subsection (a) to an employing office on the basis of an action taken by any person who is not under the su-pervision or control of the employing office. ‘‘(3) I
NTERN DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intern’ means an indi-vidual who performs service for an employ-ing office which is uncompensated by the United States to earn credit awarded by an educational institution or to learn a trade or occupation, and includes any individual par-ticipating in a page program operated by any House of Congress.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION RELATING TO OF-
FICE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISBURSEMENT OF PAY 
TOHOUSE EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(7) (2 U.S.C. 1301(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘dis-bursed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ and inserting ‘‘disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 303. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF LI-BRARY OF CONGRESS VISITORS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION .—Section 210 (2 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES RELATING TO  R
IGHTS TO PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS FOR LIBRARY VISITORS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LIBRARY VISITOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘Library visitor’ means an individual who is eligible to bring a claim for a violation under title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (other than a violation for which the exclu-sive remedy is under section 201) against the Library of Congress. ‘‘(2) ELECTION OF REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Library visitor who alleges a violation of subsection (b) by the Library of Congress may, subject to subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) file a charge against the Library of Congress under subsection (d); or ‘‘(ii) use the remedies and procedures set forth in section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16), as provided under section 510 (other than paragraph (5)) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12209). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A Library visitor that has initiated proceedings under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) may elect to change and initiate a proceeding under the other clause— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Library visitor who first filed a charge pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i), before the General Counsel files a complaint under subsection (d)(3); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a Library visitor who first initiated a proceeding under subpara-graph (A)(ii), before the Library visitor re-quests a hearing under the procedures of the Library of Congress described in such sub-paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 210(d)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1331(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 403’’ and inserting ‘‘section 404’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if such amendments were included in the enactment of section 153 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141), and shall apply as specified in section 153(c) of such Act. 
SEC. 304. NOTICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING EMPLOYING OFFICES TO POST N
OTICES .—Part E of title II (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 226. NOTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Every employing office shall post and keep posted (in conspicuous places upon its premises where notices to covered employees are customarily posted) a notice provided by the Office that— ‘‘(1) describes the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to covered employees of the employing office under this Act, con-cerning violations described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) includes contact information for the Office. ‘‘(b) V
IOLATIONS .—A violation described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) discrimination prohibited by section 201(a) (including, in accordance with section 102(c), discrimination prohibited by title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.)) or 206(a); and ‘‘(2) a violation of section 207 that is re-lated to discrimination described in para-graph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to part E of title II the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 226. Notices.’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-PLOYEES OF HELSINKI AND CHINA COMMISSIONS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301), as amended by section 302(b), is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as otherwise’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as other-wise’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-
PLOYEES OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OVERAGE .—With respect to the China Review Commission, the Congressional-Exec-utive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) any individual who is an employee of such Commission shall be considered a cov-ered employee for purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(B) the Commission shall be considered an employing office for purposes of this Act. ‘‘(2) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE LEGAL ASSIST -
ANCE AND REPRESENTATION .—Subject to para-graph (3), legal assistance and representation under this Act, including assistance and rep-resentation with respect to the proposal or acceptance of the disposition of a claim under this Act, shall be provided to the China Review Commission, the Congres-sional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) by the Office of House Employment Counsel of the House of Representatives, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Member of the House, and in the case of as-sistance and representation in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV re-lated to the initial claim where the subse-quent claim involves the same parties; or ‘‘(B) by the Office of Senate Chief Counsel for Employment of the Senate, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Senator, and in the case of assistance and representa-tion in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV related to the initial claim where the subsequent claim involves the same parties. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘China Review Commission’ means the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission established under section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as enacted into law by section 1 of Public Law 106–398; ‘‘(B) the term ‘Congressional-Executive China Commission’ means the Congres-sional–Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China established under title III of the U.S.–China Relations Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–286; 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.); and ‘‘(C) the term ‘Helsinki Commission’ means the Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe established under the Act entitled ‘An Act to establish a Commis-sion on Security and Cooperation in Europe’, approved June 3, 1976 (Public Law 94–304; 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.).’’. (b) C
OVERAGE OF STENNIS CENTER .— (1) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYEES AS COVERED  
EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(a)(3) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (I); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CENTER AS EMPLOYING OF -
FICE.—Section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Office of Technology Assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Office of Tech-nology Assessment, and the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and De-velopment’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 101(a) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)) are each amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (C) through (I)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (C) through (K)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10200 December 13, 2018 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF OTHER EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND IM-
PLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 509 as section 510; and (2) by inserting after section 508 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 509. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND  I
MPLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Each employing of-fice shall develop and implement a program to train and educate covered employees of the office in the rights and protections pro-vided under this Act, including the proce-dures available under title IV to consider al-leged violations of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each Congress (begin-ning with the One Hundred Seventeenth Con-gress), each employing office shall submit a report to the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate on the implementation of the program required under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, each employing of-fice shall submit the report described in paragraph (1) to the Committees described in such paragraph. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR OFFICES OF CON-
GRESS .—This section does not apply to an employing office of the House of Representa-tives or an employing office of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 509 as relating to section 510; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 508 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 509. Training and education programs of employing offices.’’. 
SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 306(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating section 510 as section 511; and (2) by inserting after section 509, as in-serted by section 306(a), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 510. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All covered employees whose location of employment is outside of the Washington, DC area (referred to in this section as ‘out-of-area covered employees’) shall have equitable access to the resources and services provided by the Office and under this Act as is provided to covered employees who work in the Washington, DC area. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE  R
IGHTS .—The Office shall— ‘‘(1) establish a method by which out-of- area covered employees may communicate securely with the Office, which shall include an option for real-time audiovisual commu-nication; and ‘‘(2) provide guidance to employing offices regarding how each office can facilitate equi-table access to the resources and services provided under this Act for its out-of-area covered employees, including information re-garding the communication methods de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYING OFFICES .—It is the sense of Congress that each employing office with out-of-area covered employees should use its best efforts to facilitate equitable access to the resources and services provided under this Act for those employees.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents, as amended by section 306(b), is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 510 as relating to section 511; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 509, as inserted by section 306(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 510. Support for out-of-area covered employees.’’. 
SEC. 308. RENAMING OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE AS OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS. 
(a) R ENAMING .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OF-
FICE OF COMPLIANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE  
OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended by section 305(a), is further amend-ed as follows: (1) In section 101(a)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (2) In section 101(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (3) In section 101(a)(3)(H) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)(H)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (4) In section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (5) In section 101(a)(10) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (6) In section 101(a)(11) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(11)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (7) In section 101(a)(12) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(12)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (8) In section 210(a)(9) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)(9)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (9) In section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (10) In section 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (11) In the title heading of title III, by striking ‘‘OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’. (12) In section 304(c)(4) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(4)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (13) In section 304(c)(5) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(5)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to the heading of title III to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE III—OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’; AND (2) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 301 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 301. Establishment of Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE; REFERENCES IN OTHER  L
AWS, R ULES , AND REGULATIONS .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any reference to the Office of Compli-ance in any law, rule, regulation, or other of-ficial paper in effect as of such date shall be considered to refer and apply to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 401. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
OEFFECT ON PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect any proceeding or payment of an award or settle-ment relating to a claim under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) which is pending as of the date after that 180-day period. If, as of that date, an employee has begun any of the proceedings under that title that were avail-able to the employee prior to that date, the employee may complete, or initiate and complete, all such proceedings, and such pro-ceedings shall remain in effect with respect to, and provide the exclusive proceedings for, the claim involved until the completion of all such proceedings. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2018, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, Decem-ber 17, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. 
f 
FAREWELL TO CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. M
ESSER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to greet the House today. My speech today is in-tended to be my farewell to this Cham-ber after serving in this Chamber, proudly representing Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, over the last 6 years. I rise today at a time of tragedy in Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District. At Dennis Intermediate School in Richmond, Indiana, there was a shoot-ing today. On behalf of everyone in In-diana’s Sixth Congressional District, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10201 December 13, 2018 
would like to express our condolences for the deaths that occurred there. Our hearts, prayers, and minds go out to all the families and kids in the school who are there. This is, frankly, an epidemic, Mr. Speaker, in our country. It is a great tragedy. Every kid in America ought to be able to go to school where they feel safe. We need to do more with school security and more to handle mental health challenges. We need to do more to repair the moral fabric of this soci-ety, Mr. Speaker, so that our kids can go to school and feel safe. Now to my final greeting to this Chamber and to the people of Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District. I today rise first to say thank you and also to provide maybe some thoughts about a compass forward. First, and most importantly, after both 6 years here in this Chamber, time serving in the Indiana General Assem-bly, and working very hard over most of the last two decades for the people of Indiana, I want to say thank you, first, to God, who gave our family great peace and strength through all of this time and all of these incredible jour-neys together. Secondly, I say thank you to my family. When you serve in something like the United States Congress, you tend to have yard signs that have your name on it, but it takes a family, a team of people, to help make this hap-pen. I want to thank my wife, Jennifer, for all of her patience and incredible wisdom throughout our service and time together. I want to thank my kids—Emma, Ava, and Hudson—for all their incred-ible support and inspiration. Certainly, I want to thank my moth-er, Chris, who raised my brother and me on her own when I was a kid grow-ing up in Greensburg, Indiana. She re-cently retired from the Delta Faucet factory and has been an inspiration to me throughout my life. I want to thank my father, who cer-tainly has shown love and has been rooting for me all along the way; my grandparents who are a great inspira-tion to us as well; my brother, Rich; and just so many others. I want to thank my team, two of my teammates, the two real leaders of our team. They don’t know I am going to give them a shout-out today, but Doug Menorca and Amy Burke, I thank them for all their incredible work and the dozens and dozens and dozens of people who have been a part of our efforts. Again, it takes a team to get this work done. I want to thank the people of Indiana and the people of Indiana’s Sixth Con-gressional District because there is no way to serve in this job unless people select you to give you the opportunity to do so. Every day that we have served in this job, I have tried to do my best to rep-resent the values and beliefs of the peo-ple of Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District and to the best of our ability discern and provide wisdom to do what is best for the United States of Amer-ica. I have also been somebody who has been very blessed with a lot of men-tors. Almost a generation ago, Hillary Clinton used an African proverb to en-title a book. She used the proverb, ‘‘It takes a village to raise a child.’’ Unfor-tunately, that phrase became a bit of a partisan volleyball because the reality is it takes a family to raise a child. I was blessed to have a great mother who helped lead our family. But my brother and I were like so many others. We had teachers, ball coaches, friends, and families from the church, and neighbors and friends along the way— mentors—who helped lead me and helped build a future and make my ca-reer possible. There are too many of those folks to name, but they know who they are, and I want to say thank you. The last thing I want to talk about is a little bit about this Chamber and, most importantly, those four words that stand there above the Speaker, the phrase, ‘‘In God We Trust,’’ because I speak to this floor today and I leave this Chamber at a time of great polit-ical turmoil in our country. There are a lot of folks frustrated across Amer-ica, and, frankly, they are frustrated for good reason. I grew up in America. When I was a kid growing up in a small town in the 1970s and 1980s, I can tell you I never had one doubt that, if I worked hard and I stayed focused, I could have an opportunity to do great things in this country. When I was little, my mom thought that. She taught my brother and me that. As I got old enough, I de-cided I guess I believed that, too, and I knew it to be true every moment of my life. We now in this great country and in this Chamber are debating issues be-cause too often there are Americans who don’t believe that anymore. There are kids who grow up in this country and worry whether they will ever have a chance to succeed. It is not right. Often these folks feel failed by the institutions of this great country. The truth is in many ways these institutions are failing. Too often we are not able to solve the big chal-lenges of this Nation in this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, you have an ever-grow-ing Federal bureaucracy that, frankly, at times is far more concerned about self-perpetuating its own self-interests than it is in delivering for the good of the American people. I do want to as-sure the American people and the peo-ple of Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, though, the problem is not the basic decency of the people in this Chamber. I came to Congress like a whole lot of other people figuring that the wisdom of any constituent in the Sixth Con-gressional District was a whole lot smarter than most of the people who were here, because if these folks were as smart as they should be, then a whole lot of problems would already have been solved. What I found when I came here is I haven’t met one person serving in this Chamber who is trying to hurt America. I have met a lot of people who may have a very different political view-point than me, who may have a dif-ferent set of values, and who may be-lieve we need to take the country in a different direction than I believe, but, really, probably the most remarkable thing I found in my 6 years in this Chamber is that the vast majority of people I have gotten to spend time with across the aisle and in our own caucus wake up every day, make great sac-rifice, and love their country trying to do better. Mr. Speaker, I am not smart enough to tell you what we are going to do to fix many of the challenges in this Chamber, but I think the basic answer is this: We have to empower the Amer-ican people by better empowering their individual Member of Congress to push this body and make things happen. I fought for that some and had some small victories in my time in Congress. My hope for my colleagues, as I leave this place, is that they will have more success in trying to drive a process that makes that happen. But beyond that—I have said this often in my own district, and I will say it here again as I start to leave this Chamber—I think we need to have a little bit of humility about where we are as a country, because I will concede to you that these are tough times. As the old Harry Truman line once said: 
A recession is when your neighbor loses their job, a depression is when you lose yours. 
Mr. Speaker, if you are struggling today, those struggles are real, and I do not want to diminish them. But I also think it is important to remember that this is a nation that has been through great trials before. This is a nation that has been through a Revolu-tionary War, a Civil War, a Great De-pression, a couple of World Wars, and the Cold War. In recent years, we have fought the battle on terror. We have been through tough chal-lenges before, and every time we have risen, as a nation, to meet them. I be-lieve the biggest reason why is, again, these four words above the Speaker’s rostrum there: ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ It has been an incredible honor over the last 6 years to bring literally hun-dreds of people into this Chamber to see this hallowed Hall of public policy debate. Every time I have come into this Chamber, I have pointed to those four words. You see, Mr. Speaker, those four words represent the essence of the American promise. We spend a lot of time in this Hall talking about the im-portance of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Do you know what? That debate is merited. It is incred-ibly important, the Constitution and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.022 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10202 December 13, 2018 
the Bill of Rights. But, frankly, I don’t think we spend enough time talking about where those rights come from. I believe the most important docu-ment that this Nation has ever seen is the first document that founded it, the Declaration of Independence, where it says, in the second paragraph: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men’’—and we now come to un-derstand, of course, men and women— ‘‘are created equal, that they are en-dowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights.’’ Because those rights come from our creator, they are inalienable, and they cannot be taken from you. Every nation before us had a dif-ferent point of view. They believed that rights somehow came from God to a ruler, who then just decided what privi-leges he was going to bestow out to you. That is not what we believe in Amer-ica. We believe ‘‘In God We Trust,’’ that our rights come from God. b1245 Ronald Reagan said, a couple of gen-erations ago: 
We are one Nation under God. And if we ever forget it, we will be one Nation gone under. 
I think, as we look as a Nation at this time, and we look for a compass to drive us forward, we don’t need to look any further than those four words. America is not like any other Nation that came before us. We are a Nation that has been blessed time and time and time again. In moments of crisis, the right leaders have emerged. The American people have rallied, and we have done what every other generation before us has done: left this Nation bet-ter than we found it. There is no reason to believe that we can’t do that again. All we have to do is go back to founding principles and stand for the things that have always made this Nation great. I am too competitive of a person to tell you that I am glad that I didn’t win my last election and that I am now leaving this Chamber. Of course, I would love to be serving in the United States Senate. That is not what God had in store for our family. That is not what the people of Indiana decided would happen. But I want to tell you this: I leave this Chamber optimistic and happy. I am optimistic for this incredible coun-try and the amazing future we have in store. I am optimistic for the Messer family and all the great adventures we have yet to come. I am grateful that a little kid who grew up in a single-parent family in Greensburg, Indiana, had an oppor-tunity to serve this Nation in a Cham-ber like this one. I want to tell every little boy and girl who is growing up in America today: You can, too. Just re-member, in God we trust. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 41st President of the United States of America, George Herbert Walker Bush of Houston, Texas, who passed away on November 30, 2018. President Bush was born on June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, to Pres-cott Sheldon Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush. He grew up in Greenwich, Con-necticut, and attended Phillips Acad-emy in Andover, Massachusetts, where his illustrious career in leadership and public service began. On his 18th birthday, President Bush enlisted in the United States Navy and became a naval aviator. In the middle of World War II, he was commissioned as an ensign just before his 19th birth-day, making him one of the youngest aviators in the Navy’s history. Stationed in the Pacific theater on the USS San Jacinto, he piloted a Grumman TBM Avenger. On September 2, 1944, while carrying out a mission against Japan, his plane was hit by enemy fire and was severely damaged. President Bush completed the mission and flew out over water, where he was able to escape from the plane and he was later rescued by submarine USS Finback. After recovering from his injuries, he returned to flying as soon as he was able. He flew a total of 58 combat mis-sions, for which he received the Distin-guished Flying Cross, three Air Medals, and the Presidential Unit Citation. Throughout the war, President Bush was encouraged and supported by let-ters from his sweetheart, Barbara Pierce. They had met at a Christmas dance in 1941 and quickly fell in love. They were engaged in 1943 and married on January 6, 1945. Together, they would endure both difficult and joyous times, grow a large and loving family, and set the record for the longest-mar-ried Presidential couple, with 73 years of an exemplary commitment to mar-riage. After his marriage to Barbara, Mr. Bush enrolled at Yale University. He graduated in 2
1⁄2years on an acceler-ated track and was elected to one of the most prestigious academic soci-eties, Phi Beta Kappa. He also served as president of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and as captain of the Yale baseball team. He played in the first two college world series and main-tained a love for baseball throughout his life. Upon graduation, the Bush family moved to Odessa, Texas, where Presi-dent Bush pursued a career in the oil industry. He had a successful business career, founding two companies that eventually prompted the family to move to Houston in 1959. In 1966, President Bush ran for and won election to the United States House of Representatives to represent the Seventh Congressional District of Texas. During his time in Congress, he supported influential legislation, in-cluding the civil rights bill of 1968 that outlawed housing discrimination. After 4 years in the House, in 1971, President Bush was appointed as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. The Senate unani-mously confirmed his appointment, and he served as Ambassador for 2 years. His time at the United Nations undoubtedly influenced him, as he be-came one of America’s greatest dip-lomats. In 1973, President Bush became chair-man of the Republican National Com-mittee, where he was tasked with guid-ing the Republican Party through the Watergate scandal and the resignation of President Nixon. In the President Ford administra-tion, President Bush took on the role as chief of the U.S. Liaison Office in the People’s Republic of China. Al-though this was not a diplomat rank, his work greatly benefited U.S.-China relations. The United States had just recently opened relations with Com-munist China, and President Bush worked to establish a strong founda-tion for that relationship. In 1976, the Bush family returned to the United States while he served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. His expansive knowledge of foreign relations and experience in building morale and team work made him a strong leader for the CIA during one of their most tumultuous times. President Bush worked not only to restore the reputation of the Agency in the public eye, but also to improve re-lations with Capitol Hill. His experi-ence as a legislator gave him the back-ground to reconcile the CIA with Con-gress, and in the 357 days that he served as Director, he testified before them a record-setting 51 times. With a transition from the Ford ad-ministration to the Carter administra-tion, President Bush returned to Texas and became executive committee chairman of First International Bank of Houston. He also entered academia, where he spent a year as a part-time professor at Rice University and 2 years as director of the Council on For-eign Relations. In 1980, President Bush was elected Vice President, serving with Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1989. During his tenure as Vice President, he took a hard stance against communism and tyranny, while working to end the Cold War without bloodshed. He worked to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.023 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10203 December 13, 2018 
support President Reagan and was one of the most successful Vice Presidents in history. His diplomatic finesse, trustworthiness, and patriotism made him beloved by the American people and a natural choice to run for Presi-dent. In 1988, then-Vice President Bush was elected by our Nation to become the 41st President. Inaugurated on January 20, 1989, President Bush became the first serving Vice President to be elect-ed President since Martin Van Buren in 1836. Just 293 days into his Presidency, President Bush witnessed a major suc-cess in his almost decade-long fight against communism with the fall of the Berlin Wall, followed by the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Afterward, President Bush and his administration played a significant role in reuniting East and West Ger-many. Today, Germany is a powerful nation and one of our country’s strong-est allies, none of which would have been possible without the skill, diplo-macy, commitment, and tactfulness of President Bush. In a continuation of his fight against oppression and tyranny, President Bush was one of Kuwait’s strongest al-lies and advocates after its invasion by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. On Jan-uary 17, 1991, the first Gulf war began in an effort to restore the sovereignty of Kuwait’s Government and the sta-bility of the Persian Gulf. Lasting just 100 hours, the offensive strategy was a great success, causing the Iraqi mili-tary to retreat from Kuwait. One of the landmarks of President Bush’s administration was the drafting of the North American Free Trade Agreement, more commonly known as NAFTA. This agreement encouraged better trade with our Nation’s northern and southern neighbors by eliminating tariffs and streamlining trade. Since NAFTA’s implementation, the Amer-ican economy has grown by 54 percent and has added 25 million jobs. President Bush is also credited with signing into law the Americans with Disabilities Act. This civil rights legis-lation prohibits discrimination based on disability and requires reasonable accessible accommodations. While serving only one term as Presi-dent, President Bush’s administration was a success and its impacts went far beyond his Presidency. Upon retire-ment, he continued to have influence in international affairs and American politics. In 1990, the Points of Light Founda-tion was created by President Bush. In-spired by his ‘‘thousand points of light’’ speeches that encouraged vol-unteerism and selflessness, the founda-tion is dedicated to engaging people to solve the world’s challenges through service to others. To cement his legacy, the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library opened in 1997, in conjunction with the Bush School of Government and Public Serv-ice at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas. Although he was a graduate of Yale University, President Bush chose Texas A&M to be the site of his library and the adjoining Bush school because of the school’s patriot-ism, values, military history, and com-mitment to public service. Having lived a life of service to oth-ers, President Bush was committed to educating the next generation who would go on to serve and to lead the Nation, not only with academic knowl-edge, but with Texas Aggie values of respect, excellence, leadership, loyalty, integrity, and selfless service. An Aggie at heart, President Bush and Barbara were both beloved by our Texas A&M and Brazos Valley commu-nities. As Congressman for the 17th District of Texas, I am humbled to rep-resent their adopted home in College Station, and I am forever grateful for the wisdom and support President Bush personally shared with me when I started my path in public service in 2010. A man of military service, he built a special relationship with the Corps of Cadets at Texas A&M and was even made an honorary member of the corps. In 2012, President Bush and I were both inducted into the Corps of Cadets Hall of Honor. Also, as an Aggie, I cannot overstate the privilege bestowed upon Texas A&M University for our campus to have served as President and Barbara Bush’s final resting place, along with their daughter Robin. Mr. Speaker, President Bush’s life was defined by his service to his fam-ily, to our country, and to the world. He will be forever remembered as a husband, a father, a grandfather, a great-grandfather, a decorated veteran, a leader, a mentor, a selfless servant, and a friend to millions. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Bush family. We also lift up the family and friends of President Bush in our pray-ers. Earlier this week, I introduced and the House of Representatives unani-mously passed H. Res. 1172, Honoring the life of President Herbert Walker Bush. I was humbled to offer this reso-lution. I have also requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor his life and legacy. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our military men and women who serve us, and for other first responders who keep us safe here at home. 
HONORING TEXAS A&M CORPS OF CADETS  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Texas A&M Uni-versity Corps of Cadets for receiving the Guardian of the Human Spirit Award from the Holocaust Museum Houston on November 14, 2018. The Holocaust Museum Houston cre-ated the Guardian of the Human Spirit Award in 1997 to recognize and thank those who have enhanced the lives of others and have worked to better hu-mankind. This year, the museum de-cided to honor the Corps of Cadets be-cause of the many contributions made by Texas Aggies during World War II. There were 20,229 Aggies who served in World War II, including 14,123 who served as officers, many of whom you will see in this commissioning photo to my left, including five generals. b1300 This was more than any other school, including the combined totals of the United States Military Academy and the United States Naval Academy. Almost all of the Aggies who served during the war had been members of the Corps of Cadets during their time at Texas A&M, and they absorbed the Texas A&M values of leadership, serv-ice, and integrity. Since the founding of the university in 1876, tens of thousands of Texas Aggie Corps of Cadets members have fought to protect the liberties and safe-ty of our country. From the Spanish- American War in the late 1800s to the ongoing war on terror, Aggies have served to stop tyranny and terrorism for freedom-loving persons all over the world. During World War II, Texas Aggie corps members were involved in the war from the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, where Aggies fought and died, to the victory in the Pacific in August of 1945. They fought and died on every battlefield of the war. During this period, there were nu-merous acts of exceptional sacrifice, including the liberation of German and Japanese concentration camps and the heroism displayed by Texas A&M’s seven Congressional Medal of Honor re-cipients. One of the better known accomplish-ments occurred on D-day, 6 June 1944, when Lieutenant Colonel James Earl Rudder, Texas A&M class of 1932, com-manded the U.S. Army 2nd and 5th Ranger Battalions, which stormed the beach and scaled the 100-foot high cliffs at Pointe du Hoc in France. The attack saw a casualty rate of over 50 percent, and Rudder was wounded twice. De-spite these casualties, Rudder and his men established a beachhead for Allied troops to land and begin the liberation of Nazi-occupied Europe. The service of the Aggies during World War II was recognized by numer-ous civilian and military leaders: General Omar Bradley wrote about Rudder: ‘‘No soldier in my command has ever been wished a more difficult task than that which befell the 34-year- old commander of the Provisional Ranger Force.’’ General George S. Patton, the fa-mous three-star general who served during World War II, is reported to have said this about Texas Aggies: ‘‘Give me an Army of West Point grad-uates and I’ll win a battle. Give me a handful of Texas Aggies and I’ll win a war.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.025 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10204 December 13, 2018 
General Douglas MacArthur told A&M President T.O. Walton early on during the war: ‘‘Texas A and M is writing its own military history in the blood of its graduates, not only in the Philippines Campaign but on the active fronts of the southwest Pacific.’’ In 1946, Dwight D. Eisenhower said: ‘‘No more convincing testimony could be given to the manner in which the men of Texas A&M lived up to the ideals and principles inculcated in their days on the campus than the sim-ple statement that the Congressional Medal of Honor has been awarded to six former students, that 46 took part in the heroic defense of Bataan and Cor-regidor and that nearly 700 are on the list of our battle dead.’’ General Omar Bradley told the grad-uating class of 1950: ‘‘The men of Texas A&M can stand up to any men in the world and compare favorably their edu-cation and training for leadership— leadership in the pursuits of peace, and if it comes to war, leadership in bat-tle.’’ The Aggies’ presence in the war was invaluable, and their sacrifices are a reflection of our school’s values of re-spect, leadership, integrity, loyalty, excellence, and selfless service. As a former member of Texas A&M Corps of Cadets, I am humbled by and proud of the service and sacrifice of our cadets during the school’s 142-year his-tory. Cadets at Texas A&M have long been known as the university’s keepers of the spirit, and now the corps will also be known as the guardians of the human spirit, thanks to the recogni-tion from the Holocaust Museum Hous-ton. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Holocaust Museum Houston for recognizing the contributions made by the Texas A&M Corps of Cadets in World War II and congratulate the corps for receiving the Guardian of the Human Spirit award. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the legacy, values, sacrifice, and serv-ice of Texas A&M University’s Corps of Cadets. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our mili-tary men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
HONORING GEORGE MAURICE JACKSON  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor George Maurice Jack-son of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on October 7, 2018. Maurice was born on November 7, 1953, in Bryan, Texas, to Mary Jackson Moore and Buddy Rory Williams. Mau-rice grew up in Bryan and graduated from Bryan High School in 1972, which was the first class to be racially inte-grated. Maurice sat on the student board, was a member of the National Honor Society, and lettered in football and tennis. He attended college in Cali-fornia, obtaining his associate’s degree in aerospace studies. He eventually returned to the Brazos Valley, where he was heavily involved in our community. A devout Christian, Maurice was a member of the Pleasant Grove Missionary Baptist Church in Bryan. He served as a member of the adult choir and as an usher at that church. For over 18 years, Maurice worked at Moore’s Printing Company before be-coming an employee with the Texas A&M University library system, where he worked for 18 years. In addition to his work and church involvement, he was a dedicated volun-teer at the Brazos Valley African American Museum, where he served as a member of its board of trustees. He served two terms as board treasurer and was a member of its many various committees. Maurice was recognized this year at the museum’s Hometown Teams pro-gram, ‘‘How Sports Shape America,’’ for his contributions as the first Black student on Bryan High’s tennis team. In Maurice’s life, he was known for his love of two things: the Dallas Cow-boys and his wife, Brenda Jackson. Mr. Speaker, Maurice’s life was de-fined by his service to those around him. He was loved by our community, and he certainly left an endearing leg-acy. He will be forever remembered as a community leader, a husband, a fa-ther, and a friend to many. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Jack-son family. We also lift up the family and friends of Maurice Jackson in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor his life and legacy. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. HONORING W .S. EDMONDS  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor W.S. Edmonds of College Sta-tion, Texas, who passed away on No-vember 15, 2018. W.S. was born on September 22, 1913, in College Station, Texas, to W.S. ‘‘Bill’’ Edmonds and Ima Lilly Boyett. W.S. spent most of his childhood in Brazos Valley, where he attended Col-lege Station High School and Texas A&M University. He graduated from Texas A&M as a member of the Fightin’ Texas Aggie class of 1938 with a bachelor’s degree in agricultural ad-ministration. After graduation, W.S. became a cot-ton classifier in Bryan, Texas, and in New Orleans, Louisiana. He later re-turned to College Station to work for the U.S. Postal Service. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, W.S. volunteered to serve in the United States Army and went on to work as a courier for the Pentagon. His work led him to travel around the world and to deliver the maps used for the invasion of Japan. Once the war was over, W.S. continued to serve in the Army Re-serve and retired as a major. During the war, W.S. met Marge McDermott on a delivery trip to San Francisco. Called away on duty, he left one night without warning and re-turned to San Francisco more than a year later to find that Marge had wait-ed for him to come back. W.S. and Marge were married on Jan-uary 20, 1947. They settled in College Station and lived in a house that W.S. built himself. By 1950, W.S. and Marge had two chil-dren, and W.S. continued to work with the U.S. Postal Service. W.S. was an active member of the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. He enjoyed duck hunting, fishing, and watching ‘‘Gunsmoke’’ episodes. An avid fan of Texas A&M sports, he spent more than 35 years as a gate-keeper at Aggie football games and as an usher for Aggie basketball games. Even in his senior years, W.S. main-tained a sharp mind, loved to tell sto-ries, and continued to drive his truck until he was 101 years old. At the time of his passing at age 105, he was the second oldest living Aggie. He attrib-uted his longevity to cornbread, but-termilk, and a raw egg during his younger years—and cherry turnovers and V8 juice during his later years. Mr. Speaker, W.S.’s life was filled with service to our country. He will be forever remembered as a selfless serv-ant, a mentor, a husband, a father, a grandfather, a great-grandfather, and a friend to many. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Ed-monds family. We also lift up the fam-ily and friends of W.S. Edmonds in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor his life and legacy. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
HONORING JOHN MCDERMOTT  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Professor John McDermott of College Station, Texas, who passed away on September 30, 2018. John was born on January 5, 1932, to John and Helen Kelly McDermott in New York City, where he lived for 45 years. He attended St. Francis College, where he earned a bachelor of arts in philosophy, and continued his edu-cation at Fordham University, where he earned his master of arts and Ph.D. with great distinction in 1959. In 1977, John joined the faculty at Texas A&M University to serve as the department head of philosophy. Over the years, he became a monumental figure in the university’s development. In 1983, he was instrumental in found-ing the Faculty Senate and served both as a faculty senator from 1983 to 1986 and as charter speaker from 1983 to 1984. He also founded the Department of Humanities in Medicine and orga-nized the Community of Faculty Retir-ees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.027 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10205 December 13, 2018 
During his career, he received many awards from Texas A&M for his re-search, his teaching, and his service to our university. John’s contributions went far beyond the scope of Texas A&M University, however. Throughout his career, he served as the president of, founded, or cofounded many prestigious organiza-tions, including the Society for the Ad-vancement of American Philosophy, the William James Society, and the Jo-siah Royce Society. John’s scholarship and labor in the field of philosophy was acknowledged in 2016 when he was named as one of the world’s 50 most influential living philosophers. Among John’s many accomplish-ments was his reputation for nurturing personal relationships with his five children, six grandchildren, great- grandchild, extended family, friends, strangers, and students. John and his wife, Patricia, were known to regularly host students at their home to learn more about them and to mentor their development. I was fortunate enough to get an op-portunity to meet Professor McDermott in early 2007 and to serve Texas A&M University with him. Dur-ing that year and the next, we served as members of two Texas A&M admin-istration executive search committees. Even though our ideological beliefs were widely divergent, we became great friends and were both passionate about the future of Texas A&M Univer-sity and its students. Mr. Speaker, John’s life was defined by his service to those around him. His scholarship and teaching influenced generations of people across the world. He will be forever remembered as a selfless servant, an educator, a hus-band, a father, a grandfather, a great- grandfather, and a great friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the McDermott family. We also lift up the family and friends of Professor McDermott in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor his life and legacy. As I close, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our mili-tary men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 1210. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 1211. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 3184. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’. H.R. 4326. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 West North Street in Normal, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’. H.R. 5395. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason- Morrow Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5412. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 5791. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in High-lands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sher-iff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5792. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Detective Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’. H.R. 6020. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6216. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’. H.R. 6217. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6405. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6428. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’. H.R. 6513. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street In Athens, Ala-bama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6591. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6621. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’. H.R. 6628. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6655. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’. H.R. 6780. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 6831. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, as the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Building’’. H.R. 7120. An act to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of pen-alties established and published by the Com-mission. The message also announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1222. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1158. An act to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capac-ities to present, mitigate, and respond to such crises. S. 1580. An act to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and in-tensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. S. 2076. An act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Pro-gram, and for other purposes. S. 3031. An act to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the man-agement of Federal personal property. S. 3482. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program. S. 3748. An act to amend the removal and transfer procedures for the Inspectors Gen-eral of the Library of Congress, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, and the Govern-ment Publishing Office. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 115–254, the Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate, appoints the following individual as a member of the Syria Study Group: 
Vance F. Serchuk of New York. f 
b1315 RECOGNIZING JEREMY DEUTSCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ) for 30 minutes. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank my chief of staff, Jeremy Deutsch. Every day Jeremy reminded me and my team to show up like it is day one, you know, eager to give it your best, you are driven by that desire to delight people, a customer-obsessed culture. And for the past 10 years, as my chief, Jeremy has led by that very example. Now, Jeremy never wanted to come to Congress. He questioned why anyone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.028 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10206 December 13, 2018 
would want to come to D.C. Too many prisoner guards resistant to change and can you really make a difference. We first met when he actually moved from Ohio to Washington State after I had been elected minority leader in the State house. And when I decided to run for Congress, he said: ‘‘Sorry, Cathy, but I am not interested in national pol-itics.’’ Then I won, and I asked him to join me in D.C., and again he said: ‘‘You know, no, I am not going to Congress.’’ But in 2006, I was in a very competitive race, and I needed him, and he came and helped me win. And even after he rescued my campaign, he still didn’t want to come to Congress. He said: ‘‘I will help you campaign, Cathy, but that’s it.’’ Finally, in 2008, Jeremy said ‘‘yes.’’ I was just elected as vice chair of the conference and eager to bring a more tech-forward approach to how we en-gage with the American people. I was told at the time that it was unconven-tional to have a chief of staff who had never worked on Capitol Hill, and I said: ‘‘That’s exactly right. Jeremy is unconventional.’’ In a world where peo-ple are quick to tell you ‘‘no,’’ why something can’t be done, he embraces change, and because of all of that, he brings a visionary approach to politics. When I was vice chair of the Repub-lican Conference, Jeremy helped me launch Sunshine.GOP. There was no other website like it to track earmarks and every single dollar within the stimulus package. Now, you may remember, in 2009, the Obama administration also had a website, but it couldn’t account for bil-lions of dollars, and it showed jobs and taxpayer dollars going to districts that didn’t even exist. With Sunshine.GOP, we delivered an innovative resource that the American people could trust and count on, and it was the best tool available to foster transparency and accountability as to how taxpayer dol-lars were being spent at the time. In 2008, I also pitched to Minority Leader John Boehner a plan to bring our Members’ offices into the 21st cen-tury. We called it ‘‘Moving the GOP from PC to MAC,’’ and Jeremy was in-strumental in executing my vision to use innovative technology, to build trust with the American people by reaching them on the platforms that they use every day. When I became chair of the Repub-lican Conference, we turned the con-ference into a comprehensive mes-saging operation. We focused on train-ing, modernizing, equipping, and pro-moting our Members. Many said that it wouldn’t work to bring cutting-edge strategies to Congress, but all along the way, Jeremy helped prove them wrong, even when it came to literally bringing creativity to our walls. Mr. Speaker, it is because of Jeremy that chalkboard paint—yes, chalkboard paint is now an approved paint color for all congressional offices. When the CAO first told us ‘‘no,’’ he asked five times ‘‘why?’’ That is one of our things; ask why five times. And he got them to ‘‘yes.’’ When you are inspired and you imag-ine what is possible, it is amazing what you can accomplish. Never one to take credit or to think that he was the smartest person in the room, Jeremy brought together experts and positive disrupters to challenge us to be better and to be more innovative—people like Simon Sinek, Mark Cuban, Jennifer Hyman—she is the CEO of Rent the Runway—editors from Glamour, ELLE, and others. Who would have thought that people like this would be collabo-rating with House Republicans? But be-cause of Jeremy, it happened. It is Jeremy who established the Knish Club on Capitol Hill. It is a gath-ering of Republican Jewish Members and staff who come together over lox and bagels. But what is really at the heart of Jeremy’s success is his passion for peo-ple and his vigilant integrity. He is driven by a mission for those that we serve, and it is not just what you do. It is how you do it. And that is why I am so grateful for the team that we have built together. Every day we work and live by our val-ues. It is about serve, seek excellence, everybody matters, responsibly own it, vigilant integrity, and embrace change. It is because of those values that we have become a model office on Capitol Hill. Just this year, we received the De-mocracy Award for outstanding achievements and innovation, and we have embraced technology to better serve our district. This wouldn’t have been possible without Jeremy’s vision and my team. Now, there is a God component and a people component to all success, and it is Jeremy who often reminded us that God is with us in everything that we do. He is an incredible person with a big heart, and during the good times and the tough times, he brought us to-gether. He would make us laugh. He brought joy to every day. I remember when Jeremy surprised us by dressing up as Santa Claus for our holiday party. Here is this Jewish guy who doesn’t celebrate Christmas bringing joy and cheer to my staff. There probably isn’t anyone on Capitol Hill quite like Jeremy Deutsch, but for the sake of this institution, I hope that is not the case, because he has made a difference here. Jeremy, thank you for your 10 years of service to the people’s House, for your guidance, your leadership, and, of course, your friendship. May God be with you in everything that you do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FAREWELL TO CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for perhaps the last time to address the United States Congress. I stand before this esteemed body, honored to have been part of the people’s House. Our work here is a noble pursuit: de-bating, deliberating, and ultimately deciding issues of critical importance to the great people of the United States of America. From a young age, Mr. Speaker, my parents taught me the value of service and the importance of our responsi-bility to contribute to our community, to leave things better than we found them. This is, frankly, part of the American tradition. We feel a commit-ment and a compassion to our neigh-bors. Each American plays a role in weav-ing the fabric that makes this country so enduring and so strong. E pluribus unum—out of many, one—reflects not only the Federalist system of our Na-tion, but the great diversity and rich cultures that make us strong, each of us, with God-given, inalienable rights, protected by the Constitution—a truly exceptional Nation, a Nation that stands as a beacon, a shining example of democracy and freedom and unity, a Nation built on sacrifice and service and commitment to preserving our ideals. That is the Nation I love, and that is the Nation I was honored to serve in this United States Congress. Now, like all Americans, I have my own story, my own heritage, my own upbringing. I grew up on a farm in cen-tral Kansas. It was a grain and live-stock farm. We grew wheat, corn, soy-beans, and milo. We raised cattle, hogs, sheep, and chickens. I grew up in the 1980s, and life was hard on American farms back then, still is in some ways, and some of our neighbors were going bankrupt. We didn’t have much, and commodity prices never rose to the point of profit. My parents pinched pennies hard, but they made a life for us. They taught us that education was the best way to cre-ate opportunity for yourself and that there is no substitute for an old-fash-ioned hard day’s work. My family has been farming in rural Kansas for generations. It is a way to make a living, but it is also a culture, a set of values that helped build this country. They are the values that made me who I am today, the values I now teach my own children, and the values that I brought with me to Wash-ington as I travelled here each week since January 2011. My grandparents, Orie and Edna Yoder, they embodied the prairie spir-it. They carved a life out of the rich Kansas soil. They were hard workers whose faith in God and love of family drove them through good times and bad. My grandmother, Edna, passed last year at 105, and it was always a treasure to wish her a happy birthday from the House floor. My grandparents, Bill and Jane Alex-ander, were from Wilmette, Illinois, where my mother grew up as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.030 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10207 December 13, 2018 
They were pillars of their community. My grandfather was mayor of his vil-lage and a respected attorney. I respect all my grandparents so much for what they stood for because they helped build this great Nation, and I hope, if they were here today, they would be proud of their grandson. My parents are Wayne and Susan. My father farmed his entire life. He taught me to work hard and to stand up for what I believe in. He was passionate about his beliefs. I spent a lot of time sitting with him in coffee shops when he would take a break from being in the field, and I would listen to the farmers debate and argue about things. I can tell you that no one can argue better than a farmer about something, and they would sit there and debate the issues of the day, and they would debate a lot of politics, and I think somewhere along the line, that is where I picked up the political bug that brought me into a life of serving in office. b1330 My mother was a social worker. She believed in compassion for others and acknowledgment that not everyone has the same opportunities in life. She stood up for what she believed in and stood up for women’s rights. She is someone who still is very passionate about politics. Both of my parents are. My father even ran for office a couple of times. Perhaps one of my proudest moments was the first day I walked on to this House Floor as a Member of Congress and took the oath of office, raised my right hand, and swore to uphold the Constitution—my wife, Brooke, and my father were in the audience—standing here in front of my dad, hoping that I had made him proud. It was a great moment. I remember after that, I asked my fa-ther, when was the last time—have you ever been to Washington, D.C., before? He told me about the story about how, in about 1978, he got on his tractor and drove from Kansas all the way to Washington, D.C., and parked it on The Mall, part of the American agriculture movement fighting for farmers, fight-ing to ensure that they had the com-modity prices that they deserved for the hard work, fighting for that rural way of life. So both of my parents I am so proud of, and I hope I have worked hard to make them proud of me. My sisters, Christine and Melanie, have always stood by me even though we share completely opposite political beliefs. They have always been in my corner, and that has been amazing, and they are family. So, as I stand here and deliver this farewell address, I do not do so with sadness or regret, but with great pride and a continued sense of wonder and amazement that a farm kid from rural Kansas could be part of the great United States Congress. But America, as a nation, was not a foregone conclusion. When I make my way through the Halls of the U.S. Cap-itol and its great rotunda, I often take note of John Trumbull’s painting of General George Washington Resigning His Commission. Perhaps there was no more impor-tant moment in our history than when this great man, whom the people were willing to entrust all power to make him a king, said no. It is an inspiring reminder of the endearing values of service and sacrifice we must continue to usher in to new generations of Americans. I also think of the giants who once walked these same halls, too, great Presidents who served in the people’s House before ascending to the Oval Of-fice, people like Abraham Lincoln, John Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson, and George H.W. Bush; Speakers of the House like Sam Rayburn, Tip O’Neill, John Boehner, and P
AULRYAN; and the man from Russell, Kansas, someone I consider a great friend and mentor and one of America’s great public servants, Bob Dole. I think of the Founding Fathers as I walk through the halls each day here and I serve the people. I think of the Founding Fathers who had the fore-sight, wisdom, and divine inspiration to place the power of our government squarely within the will and consent of the governed. As James Madison once said: ‘‘The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.’’ And when Madison put quill to parchment and wrote our great Constitution, it was no mistake he chose Article I for the peo-ple’s House. Senators, for years, were chosen by State legislatures and exist to protect the rights of States in our federalist system, but it is the House of Rep-resentatives that exists to be the voice of the people. Being that voice for the Third District of Kansas has truly been incredible. I am proud of what we have been able to achieve here in Congress. I have worked every day with the philosophy that we should expand liberty and free-dom and opportunity for all, and that we should make this government work better for the people, for all of us. For too long, government made life harder on people trying to get ahead. They raised taxes. They put more regu-lations and burdens on them, putting up roadblocks to success instead of cre-ating new avenues for opportunity. In my time in the people’s House, we have reversed that course, and we have built a stronger and more prosperous United States of America. We have passed the most significant tax reform in a generation. We have rebuilt our military. I, personally, have fought hard to build up important programs like Head Start and early childhood education programs so that every child, regard-less of who they are or where they are from, can have the opportunity to suc-ceed. I have dedicated my time here to en-suring that medical researchers, this generation and future generations of the best and brightest minds, will have the resources they need to find cures to the diseases that affect us all, regard-less of our political views or our race. Man or woman, rich or poor, cancer, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s disease, and many others strike at the heart of the human body and the human spirit, and research at the National Institutes of Health is underway to eradicate all of these diseases from the face of the Earth once and for all thanks to the ef-forts of this body over the last several years in securing historic funding in-creases. I have had the honor of chairing two subcommittees in the House Appropria-tions Committee: On the Legislative Branch Sub-committee, I worked to finally bring transparency to CRS reports and keep Congress spending less money; On the Homeland Security Sub-committee, I have secured the nec-essary funding to finally provide oper-ational control at our southern border, something that politicians have prom-ised to do for decades but have failed to deliver. My bill devotes much-needed funds for more personnel, technology, and barriers to stop drugs and human traf-ficking from ravaging our commu-nities. I have worked hard to keep my prom-ises and to make my constituents proud, and I could not have done it without help from some of the most in-credible people working here on Cap-itol Hill. Of the many distinguished Members who have served in this body and those who follow in our footsteps, none of them are self-made. First and fore-most, we need a supportive family. To my beautiful wife, Brooke, who is in the gallery with our sweet girls, we have had a dream of being able to serve in the Halls of Congress, and that dream couldn’t have been accomplished without her love, help, and support along the way. This has been an incred-ible journey, and I am so blessed to have held her hand, held her paw, along the way. Since we started this job, we have had two beautiful daughters, Caroline Lucille and Eloise Jane. They have grown up going to parades and political events, and they have gotten to see their daddy on TV. They have even been on TV. They are my greatest treasures, and they have always been on my mind each and every day that I have served. And while it is bittersweet to leave this body, knowing that I get to spend more time with my family and my sweet daughters is a rich reward. Each of us has a team, a staff that makes our offices carry out the work effectively on behalf of our constitu-ents, and I have been blessed with an amazing team of people, people who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE7.031 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10208 December 13, 2018 
have dedicated their lives to my office and to the constituents we serve. Here in Washington, D.C., my chief of staff, Dave Natonski, and his team— Haley Brady, Maddie Jurden, Michael Brooks, Taylor Huhn, and Eli Woerpel—have been great. They have worked hard. My district team holds a distinction that, up until the last few months, we have never had one staffer leave in over 8 years, all of them staying: Molly Haase, my district director, and her team: Susan Metsker, Cheyne Worley, Heidi Cashman, and Ethan Patterson. Of course, great thanks to my com-munications director, CJ Grover, who helped me write this speech and is still working to this day on many projects, and my original staffer, my original staffer back from my legislative days who is still with me, Cate Duerst. Cate has been my scheduler multiple times. She has helped me run cam-paigns. We have had a lot of good times. She has been my right-hand gal making everything in this office run smoothly, and I couldn’t have done this job without her and everyone on this team. Of course, there is my first chief of staff, Travis Smith, and my long-serv-ing legislative directors, Patrick Car-roll and Joe Eanello, and others who have worked so hard along the way, Amanda Hand and Jennifer Dreiling, have helped work on campaigns and, of course, my first campaign chairman, Cord Maxwell. I have had a great group of people that have been in my corner. My road began of humble roots and it took me all the way to the United States House. I am a proud Kansan and I am a proud Jayhawk. Probably one of my most proud service opportunities I have ever had was to serve as Student Body President of my university at KU, and I have always been a faithful Jayhawk ever since. I have believed in service to others, from my days back in the Kansas Leg-islature, where I served with great col-leagues like Jason Watkins or Mike O’Neal, to my time here in the U.S. House with my friends Bob Dole and Ben Quayle and so many others who are great treasures. I have been blessed with friendships and met so many wonderful people along the way. That is perhaps what I will miss the most: the people you serve with. Congress gets a bad rap, but I can at-test that some of the most dedicated, passionate people who love this coun-try, both Democrats and Republicans, are some of the finest, kindest, and sin-cere people you will ever meet. To my colleagues in this distin-guished body, it has been an honor of a lifetime to serve with you. And to my constituents, the voters of the Third District, thank you for trust-ing in me to serve you. To my supporters, those who have helped me campaign, who made it pos-sible for me to serve, thank you for your faith. I believe the Third District is the best district in America, and I was so proud to be a voice for you, and I am truly humbled to have had the op-portunity for these 8 years. So as I leave Congress in a few days and I cast a vote for the final time on behalf of the people of Kansas, I will do so being grateful for having served. I will leave more hopeful and more opti-mistic for the future of our great Na-tion, for God has blessed me with this moment to serve, and I am forever thankful. May God bless this Congress, and may God always bless the United States of America. For the last time, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1872. An act to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. H.R. 1918. An act to oppose loans at inter-national financial institution for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua unless the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes. H.R. 2454. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 3996. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to trans-fer certain cases to United States Tax Court. H.R. 5759. An act to improve executive agency digital services, and for other pur-poses. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 825. An act to provide for the convey-ance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. S. 2465. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell dis-ease prevention and treatment demonstra-tion program and to provide for sickle cell disease research surveillance, prevention, and treatment. S. 3029. An act to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). S. 3119. An act to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. S. 3209. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’. S. 3237. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams, Jr. Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office. f BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 11, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 1861. To award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. H.R. 1417. To amend the National Law En-forcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. H.R. 5238. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 3398. To amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 6330. To amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns. H.R. 3946. To name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. H.R. 315. To amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Decem-ber 17, 2018, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7155. A letter from the Acting Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s Fair Lending Re-port for 2017, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5493(c)(2)(D); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1013(c)(2)(D); (124 Stat. 1970); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 7156. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Oxytetracycline; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0820; FRL- 9986-87] December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7157. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Sig-nificant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2018-0627; FRL- 9986-74] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received December 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 16:21 Mar 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\DECEMBER\H13DE8.REC H13DE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10209 December 13, 2018 
3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7158. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Extension of Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions (Multiple Chemicals) [EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0717; FRL-9985-77] re-ceived December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7159. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure To Sub-mit Complete State Implementation Plans Required for the 1997, 2006, and 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS; California; San Joaquin Valley [EPA-R09-OAR-2018-0778; FRL-9987-38-Region 9] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7160. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Revisions To VOC Definitions and Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2018- 0116; FRL-9987-12-Region 4] received Decem-ber 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7161. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Oil and Haz-ardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Deletion of the Tomah Armory Landfill Superfund Site [EPA-HQ-SFUND-1987-0002; FRL-9987-16-Re-gion 5] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7162. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Calcium formate; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0091; FRL-9986-06] re-ceived December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7163. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clomazone; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0372; FRL-9985-83] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7164. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bixafen; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0538; FRL-9982-42] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7165. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; South Dakota; Re-gional Haze 5-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan [EPA-R08-OAR-2017- 0672; FRL-9986-75-Region 8] received Decem-ber 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7166. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental Af-fairs, Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, transmitting the Department’s Annual Financial Report for FY 2018, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7167. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978, also the Management Report on Final Actions for the Six-Month Period End-ing September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7168. A letter from the Chairman, National Mediation Board, transmitting the Board’s annual Performance and Accountability Re-port for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7169. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B
ERA, and Mrs. W AGNER ): H.R. 7290. A bill to authorize a comprehen-sive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to strengthen global health security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. N
ADLER ): H.R. 7291. A bill to protect human rights and enhance opportunities for LGBTI people around the world, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mrs. B
LACK ): H.R. 7292. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish the Megan Rondini and Leah Griffin national sexual assault care and treatment task force, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MORELLE (for himself, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
UOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York): H.R. 7293. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 7294. A bill to establish the obliga-tions of certain large business entities in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, House Adminis-tration, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
SON of Indiana, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 7295. A bill to amend the HITECH Act to allow an individual to obtain a copy of such individual’s protected health informa-tion at no cost in certain circumstances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): H.R. 7296. A bill to ensure that foster chil-dren are able to use their Social Security and Supplemental Security Income benefits to address their needs and improve their lives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 7297. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide basic and emer-gency supplemental living assistance grants under the student support services program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 7298. A bill to repeal the perimeter rule for Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7299. A bill to provide for additional protections and disclosures to consumers when financial products or services are re-lated to the consumers’ military or Federal pensions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Armed Services, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13DE7.000 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10210 December 13, 2018 
H.R. 7300. A bill to provide for a one-time safe harbor for certain failures by individ-uals to pay estimated income tax; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 7301. A bill to authorize assistance to train and retain obstetrician-gynecologists and sub-specialists in urogyneoclogy and to help improve the quality of care to meet the health care needs of women in least devel-oped countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7302. A bill to establish dual language education programs in low-income commu-nities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7303. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Opportunity Act to restrict institu-tions of higher education from using reve-nues derived from Federal educational as-sistance funds for advertising, marketing, or recruiting purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. G
AETZ , and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 7304. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue Border Wall Bonds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-
GERS ): H.R. 7305. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to clarify payment rules for manual wheelchairs under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 7306. A bill to establish the Democ-racy Dollars Program under which citizens may direct the making of payments to can-didates in elections for Federal office and to political committees supporting campaigns for election for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 7307. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to establish the Ronald V. Dellums Memorial Fellowship for Women of Color in STEAM fields, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7308. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require the disclosure of notifications of intent to operate under sec-tion 501(c)(4); to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Ms. D EGETTE ): H.R. 7309. A bill to authorize the Every Word We Utter Monument to establish a commemorative work in the District of Co-lumbia and its environs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. JEFFRIES ): H.R. 7310. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to States and units of local govern-ment to deploy and implement gunfire detec-tion and location technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 7311. A bill to provide for the consid-eration of energy storage systems by electric utilities as part of a supply side resource process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 7312. A bill to make innovative tech-nology loan guarantee support available for battery storage technologies; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 7313. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out an energy storage re-search program, loan program, and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7314. A bill to combat corruption and money laundering in Guatemala; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 7315. A bill to protect American com-munities from wildfire, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for himself, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.J. Res. 145. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treas-ury relating to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organi-zations and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’’; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. A
LLEN ): H. Res. 1179. A resolution congratulating Atlanta United FC for winning the 2018 Major League Soccer championship; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 7290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 7292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Sec-tion 8 By Mr. MORELLE: H.R. 7293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Post Offices (e.g., naming post offices, cre-ating honorary stamps)—Article I, Section 8, clause 7 provides Congress with the power to establish post offices and post roads. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 7294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 7295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 7296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 7297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 7298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec. 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13DE7.100 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10211 December 13, 2018 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 7300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution— Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 7301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. HARRIS: H.R. 7304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 7306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution, under the General Welfare Clause; and Arti-cle I, Section 4 of the Constitution, which give Congress power to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of Federal elec-tions. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 7307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the U.S. Constitution as well as the 14th Amendment By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 7309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 7310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 7311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 7312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 7313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 7315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution.’’ By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.J. Res. 145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution, which provides Congress the power to lay and collect taxes and promote the gen-eral welfare. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 901: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1245: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1322: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1456: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1494: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2282: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 2472: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4022: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4138: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4256: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 4691: Mr. K
IND, Mr. B EYER , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4732: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5087: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 5476: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 5671: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 5678: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 5701: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 6043: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 6081: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6269: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 6454: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 6510: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 6692: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6734: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 6953: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 7066: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 7079: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 7142: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 7146: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 7191: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 7220: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 7285: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 849: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H. Res. 1031: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 1156: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Ms. Wild and Ms. Wilson of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.016 H13DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7531 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2018 No. 197 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: O God, our protector, mountains melt in Your presence and islands shout for joy. We praise You because Your ways are just and true. Lord, You know our hearts and minds like an open book. Thank You for the security we have in You. When all around us seems daunting, You alone remain our rock and refuge. Give our lawmakers this day such reverence for You that they will stay in the path of integrity. May they think about You throughout the day, whispering prayers of gratitude for Your goodness and grace. Lead our national and international leaders on the road that will bring glory to Your Name. Lord, give them the courage to speak for justice, truth, and peace. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 13, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
EANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3747 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the title of the bill for the second time. The legislative clerk read the title of the bill as follows: 
A bill (S. 3747) to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar, under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The objection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate began this week with a long list of important unfinished business. And make no mistake—that list remains lengthy. It will require the continued good-faith efforts of Members on both sides of the aisle to keep up the progress. We need to confirm more of the well- qualified nominees who remain waiting on the Senate’s calendar. We need to deliver the targeted resources that are necessary for securing our border and fund the remaining parts of the Federal Government. Today, of course, debate will con-tinue on the Sanders-Lee resolution with respect to U.S. involvement in Yemen. As I stated yesterday, their resolution is not sufficiently prudent nor sufficiently precise for the job at hand. Yes, the Senate wants Saudi Ara-bia to act responsibly. We want to see a more stable Yemen for the sake of the Yemeni people. We also want to preserve this 70-year partnership, which serves our interests and helps stabilize a crucial region. The resolution before us is a blunt and imprecise measure that would not advance these delicate goals. To the contrary, it would jeopardize U.S. sup-port that has actually limited civilian casualties. And I maintain that since genuine hostilities are not involved, the resolution should not even be privi-leged under the War Powers Act. I urge my colleagues to vote against their resolution and to support Chair-man CORKER ’s more responsible alter-native in its place. Even considering the work still be-fore us, Members should take pride in the significant milestones we have checked off this week. On Tuesday, the Senate completed the 30th Federal circuit judge con-firmation of this Congress. Yesterday evening, the Senate and the House reached a landmark agree-ment to reform the process by which Capitol Hill itself handles claims of sexual harassment, discrimination, and other workplace violations. It is a bi-cameral and bipartisan agreement. It strengthens protections for victims. It ensures that Members of Congress shall be held responsible for their own mis-conduct, not taxpayers. It contains a number of other important reforms to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.000 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7532 December 13, 2018 
create more transparency and account-ability in the process. I am very glad Congress will be taking this important step. I want to thank Chairman B
LUNT  and Ranking Member K
LOBUCHAR and their counterparts in the House for working hard to get this across the fin-ish line. That wasn’t the only milestone we cleared yesterday. Yesterday after-noon, the House of Representatives joined the Senate in passing the farm bill conference report. Now it is on its way to the President’s desk. The boost this bill delivers couldn’t come soon enough. It is no secret that these are tough times in farm country. Falling prices and volatile markets make it harder to make ends meet. Net farm income continues to decline. The threat of natural disasters is a con-stant fear for even the most skilled and prepared farmers. Families in my home State of Ken-tucky are all too familiar with these challenges. Months of heavy rain and severe weather this year have damaged crop yields and increased the burden on producers. We are home to more than 75,000 farms. They produce everything from soybeans and poultry to horses and corn. These families are looking to us for help and stability, and when President Trump signs our farm bill into law, more stability is just what they will get. I would like to share some of the bill’s highlights that will support farm families in the Blue Grass State, by way of example. In need of certainty and predict-ability, this farm bill extends a strong commodity safety net and protects crop insurance. It contains policies to encourage fu-ture generations of farmers to plant their own roots—particularly impor-tant in States like mine with aging ag-ricultural populations. To preserve our land for the future, the legislation promotes conservation programs, outdoor recreation, and up-graded watershed and drinking water infrastructure. For our rural communities, it ex-pands broadband deployment and dedi-cates further resources to combat the opioid epidemic. For hundreds of thousands of Ken-tuckians faced with food insecurity, the farm bill increases funding for emergency programs at food banks. The legislation provides continued funding for groundbreaking agricul-tural research at universities and re-search institutions. For producers looking for markets abroad, it strengthens our trade pro-grams to develop new opportunities for Kentucky around the globe. Of course, each of these important victories for Kentucky farmers comes in addition to the new opportunities available with the full legalization of industrial hemp, as I have discussed ex-tensively here on the floor. All in all, this legislation is a big win for farmers in Kentucky and across our country. I am proud to have played a part in delivering that victory. It has been my privilege to represent Kentucky farmers on the Agriculture Committee every day I have served in the Senate. The multiyear bill we pro-duced is a credit to the leadership of Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW , and now the fruits of their labor are finally on the way to the White House. I would like to express my gratitude to my follow conferees, especially my colleague from Kentucky, Congress-man J
AMIE COMER . I would also like to thank the Ken-tucky Farm Bureau, which has been my partner every step of the way. Ear-lier this month, the farm bureau an-nounced the beginning of its centennial year. I would be hard-pressed to think of a better way to celebrate that 100th birthday than with a new farm bill. There is a reason this bill passed both Houses with overwhelming bipar-tisan majorities. There is a reason this has been a big priority for Congress and the administration. Farming fami-lies deserve more stability. Once the President signs this farm bill into law, that is precisely what they will have. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF FLAKE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to close by paying tribute to another Member of this body whose re-tirement in the Senate is fast ap-proaching. This particular Senator, in his own words, grew up on a dry, dusty ranch in Northern Arizona. You might be surprised at that description if you knew only the name of his hometown— ‘‘Snowflake.’’ But this Navajo County town of a couple of thousand residents wasn’t named for its meteorology; it was named for its founding families. It was set up back in 1878 by two wagon train pioneers: Mr. Snow and—that is right—Mr. F
LAKE . It would still be 34 years until Arizona became the 48th State, and 134 years later, that Mor-mon pioneer’s great-great-grandson would be elected to the U.S. Senate. J
EFF FLAKE is the son of cattle ranchers, so he learned all about ‘‘ear-marking’’ from an early age. Back when J
EFFwas serving in the House, he explained in an op-ed that back on the ranch, earmarking was an unsavory way to brand your cattle. Apparently, the practice involves a pocketknife. Well, J
EFFmoved on from that cattle pen. He wound up leading a statewide think tank. Then he won election to the House. By the time he arrived here in Washington—filled with equal parts fiery resolve and smalltown collegiality—‘‘earmarks’’ had come to mean something very different to him, but, as his House colleagues would soon find out, he found the new meaning just as unappealing. J
EFF’s take on fiscal responsibility and good government ruffled some feathers over in the House, but his star kept rising. He didn’t seem to mind that lonely feeling that we have all known here in Washington from time to time—the occasional sense that you have wound up on a bit of an island. I mean, JEFF really didn’t mind this feeling. This is not a political meta-phor, by the way; it is literally one of the man’s hobbies. Starting back in 2009, and several times since, our colleague had decided a ‘‘dream vacation’’ means a rugged survival trip where he is marooned on a remote island with just a couple tools. In one eloquent reflection, J
EFF described this predilection as ‘‘a long bout of ‘Caruso envy.’’’ That first time, he traveled alone. To pass the time, there was the standard activities—dodging sharks; spearfishing for breakfast, lunch, and dinner; starting fires with coconut husks and a magnifying glass; befriend-ing the hermit crabs—you know, typ-ical tourist fare. In fairness to our friend, maybe a solo getaway has a special appeal to anyone who grew up as one of 11 chil-dren or, for that matter, I can see why it might tempt a Member of the House, but apparently the appeal was some-what broader than the alone time be-cause on subsequent trips J
EFF actu-ally brought company. A few years ago, he talked our col-league M
ARTIN HEINRICH into coming along on one of these adventures. It was just the two of them—and some TV cameras. This was prime time stuff now. The network called the show ‘‘Rival Survival.’’ That title actually reminds me of something J
EFFsaid to his former col-leagues in the House in his farewell speech, while he was preparing to come over here. He said coming to the Sen-ate was like entering ‘‘enemy terri-tory.’’ That is a funny phrase, ‘‘enemy territory.’’ It is funny because vitriol and hostility are so precisely not how Senator F
LAKE will be remembered. Instead, there have been warm and genuine friendships with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and shared work on policy accomplishments that have already made a difference for millions of Americans. J
EFFhas cast votes for landmark ac-complishments that have tangibly made life better for middle-class fami-lies in his home State and across the Nation. We don’t have enough time here to name them all. As part of this majority on behalf of the people of Arizona, Senator F
LAKE  gave his vote to start historic tax cuts and tax reform for the American people and to enact major regulatory reforms and to pass bipartisan achievements on every subject from the opioid crisis to caring for our veterans. So J
EFFhas achieved much in this high office. He has had a hand in nu-merous consequential policy victories. A few years back, he was named by The Hill newspaper as the No. 1 most beau-tiful person on Capitol Hill. Talk about an achievement that few of us can even aspire to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.002 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7533 December 13, 2018 
Seriously, I think we all know that nothing J
EFF has done in these hall-ways will rank as his proudest accom-plishment. That has to be persuading Cheryl to marry him and the beautiful family they have built together, five kids—Alexis, Austin, Tanner, Ryan, and Dallin—and now grandchildren. Almost a decade ago, after his first island adventure, J
EFF wrote: ‘‘I will never see a sunset as peaceful as [the ones] I saw there.’’ Well, I am not so sure. I suspect that when J
EFFis back home with his love-ly family by his side—well, with com-pany like that, I expect the Arizona sunsets will give those Pacific nights a run for their money after all. So we bid farewell to our colleague. We thank him for his service, and we wish him and his family much happi-ness in the next chapters they will be writing together. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we have just a little over a week to come to some agreement on how to fund the government past next Friday. Leader P
ELOSI and I have given the President two options to keep the gov-ernment open. Both are noncontrover-sial. Neither contain any Democratic demand. We just want to keep the gov-ernment open. So far, President Trump has not accepted either offer. The President appears to be clinging to his demand for billions of dollars for a bor-der wall, and from what we saw in the Oval Office and news reports about his reaction after our meeting, President Trump is willing to throw a temper tantrum and shut down the govern-ment unless he gets his way. I want to be crystal clear. There will be no additional appropriations to pay for the border wall. It is done. The President repeatedly promised that Mexico would pay for his unnecessary and ineffective border wall, in his words, ‘‘100 percent.’’ On Tuesday, he said he would be ‘‘proud’’ to shut down the government unless U.S. taxpayers pay for it. Now, just this morning, the President tweeted that Mexico will pay for the wall through savings from the new NAFTA. Well, Mr. President, if you say Mex-ico is going to pay for the wall through NAFTA—which it certainly will not— then I guess we don’t have to. Let’s fund the government. Honestly, if the President really be-lieved what he tweeted this morning, that his new NAFTA would pay for the wall, he wouldn’t be threatening to shut down the government unless American taxpayers fund his wall. He can’t have it both ways. The Presi-dent’s position on the wall is totally contradictory, ill-informed, and frank-ly irresponsible. It is not a serious pro-posal. It is a throwaway idea the Presi-dent used—used in the campaign and still uses—to fire up his base. A Trump temper tantrum and shut-down threat isn’t going to change any minds in Congress. President Trump has several ways to avoid a shutdown. He should pick one and soon, but if we wind up with a shutdown, it will be en-tirely the President’s fault. President Trump himself would not dispute that in the Oval Office on Tuesday. He al-most bragged that he would shut down the government—what irresponsibility. I would just like to remind my friend the majority leader that if we arrive at a Trump shutdown, the onus for re-opening the government will soon fall in his lap. When Democrats take con-trol of the House in January, Demo-crats will pass one of our two options to fund the government, and then Leader MCCONNELL and Senate Repub-licans will be left holding the bag for a Trump shutdown if they don’t pass our bill now. So there is no way for my Republican friends to avoid the issue. There is no way for Leader M
CCONNELL to avoid the issue, fearful of President Trump as they all might be. Either Republicans help deal with the President now or they will be left dealing with a much bigger problem in January. 
f 
CHINA Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, a brief word on China. I have spent the better part of the last two decades encour-aging administrations to be tougher on China, which has risen to challenge the United States economically, not through fair trade and fair competition but by shielding its market from U.S. competition, flouting international trade rules against dumping currency manipulation, relentlessly stealing our intellectual property and know-how. China has not played by the rules. They are the outlaw of trade, and they have cost the United States millions of jobs and probably trillions, if not hun-dreds of billions, of dollars. The recent arrest of the CFO of Huawei, a tech giant in China with close ties to its government and mili-tary, is a reminder of the predatory and rapacious behavior of Chinese com-panies. Huawei is charged by U.S. offi-cials with intentionally violating U.S. sanctions with Iran. Beyond these specific charges, how-ever, Huawei has raised serious con-cerns among U.S. officials for a poten-tial role in cyber espionage, given their reported links to China’s state security services, and now news reports have confirmed that the massive cyber at-tack on the Marriott hotel chain a few weeks ago was conducted by none other than Chinese intelligence. This administration has been tougher on China than previous administra-tions. They deserve credit for that, but this administration has also shown an eagerness to quickly bargain away tough enforcement of Chinese abuses for mild and sometimes meaningless concessions so President Trump can get a quick news hit, particularly on a bad day. That is what happened with ZTE. No one wants to see a repeat of that movie. We had ZTE dead to rights. They were hurting America, and President Trump, at the last minute—still unex-plained—let them off the hook. I hope that doesn’t happen again because this administration has set us up for a po-tential victory for the first time—bet-ter than Bush’s administration, better than Obama’s administration—against China rapaciousness. I am urging the President to be tough on Huawei and direct U.S. offi-cials to prosecute these charges and have the Huawei CFO stand on trial in the United States, as she deserves. f 
TRIBUTE TO HEIDI HEITKAMP Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, fi-nally, to my dear friend and about my dear friend, the Senator from North Dakota. The task sadly falls to me to begin saying goodbye to Members of our caucus who will not be returning in the 116th Congress. This morning, I would like to begin with the junior Senator from North Dakota. H
EIDIHEITKAMP had a childhood that sounds like it was ripped from the pages of a frontier epic. She grew up as one of seven kids born over 9 years in a house with three bedrooms, in a town with a population south of 100. Do the math. That means that around one- tenth of the town was Heitkamps. Inside the household, the lack of space meant that H
EIDI’s room was also her brother’s room and also the laun-dry room. According to her sisters, the presence of a laundry machine had al-most no effect on her. She read and read, and rarely, if ever, did she par-ticipate in the washing or folding of the Heitkamp laundry. Her siblings didn’t seem to mind, at least not too much. As Julie Heitkamp said about growing up with H
EIDI, ‘‘She was so good . . . it was annoying.’’ It turned out that the bookworm from a small town in North Dakota was destined for great things. When she worked for Senator Kent Conrad, the outstanding Democrat from North Da-kota, he realized the same goodness in H
EIDIher sisters recognized, and he en-couraged her to run for State auditor at the age of 28. She didn’t win that race, but she ran again for State tax commissioner and won and, again, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7534 December 13, 2018 
attorney general and won—fighting on behalf of sexual assault survivors and against the abusive practices of the to-bacco industry. She would run for Gov-ernor and, eventually, for the Senate— losing the first but winning the second. She would become the first woman ever elected to the Senate from the great State of North Dakota. For someone who came from where H
EIDI came, that election might have felt like a culmination—but no. For H
EIDI, it was just the beginning. It was not about winning or even beating the odds. It was about what you did with the time you had when you were here. As H
EIDItalked about in her farewell speech, what is important is how we use our time. Let the history books re-port just how well the Senator from North Dakota used her time while she has been here. H
EIDI had been able to bring Demo-crats and Republicans together during a time of extraordinary partisan divi-sions—one of the few who could do it so successfully on such major issues. It had been because she understood how each side saw an issue, what each side wanted, and what a compromise could look like. Once she knew an agreement was possible, she worked like no other to see that it was achieved. That is how she got Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and Senator M CCONNELL on the same energy bill having to do with car-bon capture—a remarkable feat with a staunch environmentalist who gives speeches on the floor every day about green and with a Senator from a coal State who defends that industry. That is how she created the first AMBER Alert in Indian Country. It was with our dearly departed friend, Senator McCain. That is how she helped to shut down backpage and child sex traf-ficking on the internet with broad bi-partisan support. What a great legacy—all of it bipar-tisan. That instinct for compromise and consensus was born from her life experience. In her family of nine, H
EIDI was known as the arbitrator. Even her name is a compromise. Born Mary Kathryn, H
EIDI became ‘‘Heidi’’ be-cause there was a ‘‘Mary’’ and a ‘‘Kath-ryn’’ in her grade school class. She gladly accepted the nickname. Of course, there have been times H
EIDI couldn’t bring our two sides to-gether on an issue because she had al-ready been further along than both sides. Senator H
EITKAMP has been the first to really drive home in the Senate the plight of Native American women. She has worked at it tirelessly because she believes that if people were to know about the poverty and abuse and addic-tion that has plagued many reserva-tions and how they affect both the men and women, they would be up in arms about it. So she wrote the first bill to create a Commission on Native Amer-ican Children who suffer from rates of poverty, malnutrition, and education disparity far above other populations. A little while ago, it became law and received funding. Recently, it had its first meeting—a legacy that will live on. She also wrote Savanna’s Act to address the epidemic of missing and murdered Native American women. It passed the Senate unanimously just a few weeks after the election. Well, HEIDI, the Senate is catching up to you, and we intend to use the time we have to build on the incredible leg-acy you leave on these issues. Just so I will never forget what your service has meant to this Chamber, I will always keep the picture of the three H
EITKAMP  sisters on my wall in my office—all with their high North Dakota cheek-bones. It is going to stay there to be a reminder of what H
EIDI has done and, more importantly, I am sure she would say, as a reminder of the many things we still have to do to continue the great legacy she will leave. Those of us on this side of the aisle— at least I—will miss her cornbread as well, her insistence on Corona beer, and her ability to suffer even the worst Fargo accents—or mimicking of Fargo accents as I attempted to do—that were directed in her way. All of us in this Chamber will sure miss the junior Senator from North Dakota—her warmth, her passion, her sincerity, her political courage. We owe a debt of gratitude to Darwin, her husband, and to her children Ali and Nathan for borrowing H
EIDI for these years. We wish them all the best as well. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
DIRECTING THE REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES FROM HOSTILITIES IN THE RE-PUBLIC OF YEMEN THAT HAVE NOT BEEN AUTHORIZED BY CON-GRESS—Continues The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 54, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 54) to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
Pending: 
Young amendment No. 4080, to clarify that this resolution prohibits United States Armed Forces from refueling non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the ongoing civil war in Yemen. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mr. HELLER. Madam President, I rise with gratitude to address my col-leagues and members of my staff to re-flect on one of my life’s greatest hon-ors, and that is serving the people of the great State of Nevada. I begin by thanking them for giving me the pro-found honor of representing Nevada in the U.S. Congress for 12 years and then in the U.S. Senate for almost 8 years. Nevada, thank you for granting me the privilege of working every day for a State I am so proud to call my home. Of course, I thank my immediate family, especially Lynne, my wife, for being at my side for my nearly 30 years of public service. To my children Hilary, Harris, Drew, and Emmy and to their spouses Eddie, McKenzie, and Collin, thank you for your patience, your understanding, and your tolerance of this process. I would be remiss if I didn’t thank Jack and Janet Heller, my parents, for setting the right example and religious tone in our home while I was growing up. To Richard Brombach, my father-in- law, and all of my wife’s family, thank you for raising such a wonderful daugh-ter, sister, cousin, and aunt. I have five brothers and sisters, and they all played a vital role in my up-bringing. So thank you to Jack, Tamie, Mac, Sara, and Bryan. All of these individuals whom I have mentioned gave me their steadfast sup-port and made my journey from the Nevada Legislature to the secretary of state’s office, to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, and to the U.S. Senate possible. I could count on them every step of the way. We all know how important our staffs are, and I am no exception. I have been fortunate to have had two staff members with me during my whole tenure in Congress, and I would like to highlight both of them. Mac Abrams, my chief of staff, hails from North Carolina. I know more about North Carolina than I thought I ever would. Mac came to me from Sen-ator Vitter’s office. After 12 years, we muse about writing a book together be-cause, together, we have seen and been through a lot. From the great reces-sion’s impact on Nevada to the visits from Senator Reid to my House office, to Senator Ensign’s resignation, to the Governor’s appointment of me to the Senate, to ObamaCare, Dodd-Frank, immigration reform, tax reform, and changing the courts—just to name a few—Mac has always been there. In these Chambers, there are a lot of slings and arrows, and it takes an ex-pert to walk through these minefields. No one does it alone. I have always had Mac Abrams by my side. So I thank him for his service to me but, more im-portantly, for his service to the State of Nevada. Scott Riplinger has also served the office with distinction. Those who know him and who have worked with him know that he is a problem solver. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.005 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7535 December 13, 2018 
It didn’t matter which hat he was asked to wear, he wore it with pride. I will miss his hard work, his work on the Banking Committee, his loyalty, and his great sense of humor. Every of-fice needs a Scott Riplinger. I would like to mention two more. Sarah Paul has become a dear friend of mine. She joined my staff 7
1⁄2years ago, and I have leaned on her heavily to help navigate some very com-plicated issues. From gaming issues, to mining, to technology, no one—I say no one—can grasp an issue like she can. During the last campaign, she served as my chief of staff as others were relegated to the State of Nevada. Thank you, Sarah, and congratula-tions. On Thanksgiving Day, she introduced Liam Milliner Paul to the world. Again, congratulations to Sarah, to Raymond, and to big brother James on the new addition. Finally, I recognize Ashley Jonkey. Ashley oversees our State operation, and she has been with us since my early days in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. Whether it is putting to-gether the Tahoe Summit or keeping me up to speed on local issues, Ashley is someone I can always count on. In fact, over the past decade that I have known Ashley, she has become like family to me but, more importantly, like family to Lynne. She is based in Reno, but we are fortunate to have her here in Washington, DC, today. I recognize her, along with Mac, Scott, Sarah, and the many members of my staff, who are here today on the floor of the U.S. Senate. We have a great team. I have had a great team from top to bottom—a team that includes naturalized citizens whose families came to this country to seek better lives, professional social workers, and multiple combat vet-erans. Every member of my team in Reno, Elko, Las Vegas, and Wash-ington, DC, has worked tirelessly to make a difference in the lives of Nevad-ans. My staff’s dedication, enthusiasm, and work ethic go unmatched. I ask unanimous consent to have a list of current and former staff and their names printed in the R
ECORD for this legislative day. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATOR HELLER ’SLIST OF CURRENT AND  F
ORMER STAFF TOBEENTERED INTO THE  C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  Mac Abrams, Sarah Paul (Timoney), Ash-ley Jonkey, Meron Bayu, Scott Riplinger, Megan Taylor, Gretchen Andersen, Annie Sedgwick, Scarlet Doyle, Andrew Williams, Joe Boddicker, Blair Bjellos, Rachel Green, Lindsey Parobeck, Jazmine Kemp, Adam Miller, Hayley Brower, William Yepez, Meagan Devlin, Elizabeth Lloyd. Michael Lienhard, Katie Pace, Rocio Meza, Lauren Morris, Eduardo Martinez, Brett Pol-lak, Mark Sutliff, Donna Bath, Kike De La Paz, Andrew Lingenfelter, Christy Guedry, Devyn Hartmann, Bruno Moya, Ryan Dutiel, Marcie Zajac, Andrew Thomas, Andrew Holbert, Emy Lesofski, Leeann Gibson (Walker), Josh Finestone. Hayley Douglas, Stewart ‘Mac’ Bybee, Michawn Rich, Pat Garrett, Alli Collier, Tom Ferraro, Stephanie Beverly, Mari St. Martin (Nakashima), Corrine Gianpaolo (Zakzeski), Katie Carr, Alison Gaske, Steph-anie Ferguson, Karen Paulson, Paula Car-roll, Amber Heinz, Ryan McBride, Victoria Glover, Emily Wilkenson, Jeremy Harell, Kristen Elias. Kristen Pierce (Casey), Luke Burns, Spen-cer Armuth, Laura Hutson (Bland), Greg Facchiano, Chandler Smith, Neal Patel, Lauren Ann Rehrauer, Ryan Leavitt, Chana Elgin, Matt Morris, John Knobel, John Blum, Mallory Nersesian, Robert Jackson, Eric Duhon, Erin Collins, Christine Atchian, Daniel Giudici, Britt McManus Chapman. Veronica Charles, Josh Marin-Mora, Chloe McClintock, Sam Crampton, Glenna Smith, Lucero-Gomez Ochoa, Stephen Sifuentes, Mi-chael Mendenhall, Margot Allen, Terri Fair-field, Leonardo Benavides, Matt Morris, An-dres Moses. VETERANS  
Mr. HELLER. Madam President, I would like to shift gears, for just a mo-ment, to mention several topics that have demanded a lot of my time and a lot of my energy. When it comes to our legislative suc-cesses—tax reform, changes on the courts, banking reform, go down the list—I am most proud of what we have accomplished to help the 300,000 vet-erans who call Nevada home. I think everybody in this Chamber will agree that while we can never fully repay our debt to our Nation’s heroes, we can do everything in our power to show our gratitude for their selflessness and for their sacrifice. Once these men and women return home after leaving their families to fight for our country, it is our turn to fight for them and to make sure all of Nevada’s veterans receive the treatment they need, the services they need, and the skills they need to get the jobs to take care of their fami-lies. I see that responsibility as a duty and a privilege. In fact, I have said this before, and I will say it again: The greatest compliment I ever received in public office was when I overheard one veteran say to another, ‘‘If you need help, call Senator H
ELLER ’s office.’’ As a senior member of the U.S. Sen-ate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, I have had the opportunity to give our veterans a strong voice in Washington, DC. Under Chairman J
OHNNY ISAKSON ’s leadership, we have made great strides in bringing greater accountability to the VA and in improving the benefits, the care, and the support our veterans have earned. For example, earlier this year, we pushed the historic VA MISSION Act over the finish line. This new law di-rects more than $50 billion to our VA healthcare system so the VA can hire more high-quality doctors and allow veterans to get the care they need near their homes and on their schedules. We also expanded the VA Caregivers Program, which provided a stipend to the families of severely disabled vet-erans who require caregivers in their homes. Previously, only post-9/11 vet-erans were able to apply. Now veterans from every era are eligible. This was particularly important to many vet-erans in Nevada who told me how crit-ical it was that we give veterans more access to this program. These are just a couple of examples to fix a problem that came up during my discussions during my Veterans Ad-visory Council meetings. I established these groups of veterans in the north-ern and southern parts of the State in order to speak frequently and directly with them about the challenges they are facing and the problems that need to be fixed. For instance, just a few years ago, the Reno VA was one of the worst ranked offices in the Nation. This was at a time when veterans were waiting, on average, 400 days for their disability claims to be approved. This was not ac-ceptable, so I teamed up with Senator BOBCASEY , from Pennsylvania, to hold the VA’s feet to the fire. As a result of the implementation of the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act, the backlog has been reduced by nearly 85 percent, and 500,000 of our military he-roes around the country are no longer waiting for their health benefits. We also provided accountability through expedited firing authority of bad VA employees and overhauled the VA ap-peals process so veterans do not have to wait years for a decision. The Presi-dent signed this bill into law in Reno last year. Expanding veterans’ access to care has been one of my top priorities. For veterans living in Northern Nevada, I worked to authorize construction of the Reno VA hospital and delivered $33.5 million in Federal funding for it so that the veterans of the north don’t have to drive 500 miles to Boulder City to access the State Veterans Home. I walked through the construction site when I was in Sparks last month, and I look forward to the completion of this state-of-the-art facility. I did the same for veterans in South-ern Nevada. I worked for 10 years to se-cure the approval of the new larger clinic in Pahrump. For veterans who face barriers to try to get an education so that they can earn a good living, I introduced a bill that increases the education benefits for Guard Reserve members that ensures that the GI bill is available to veterans for life. After Nevada was ranked second among States with the highest rate of veteran suicides and was experiencing a doctors’ shortage, I authorized a new law that gives veterans more access to mental healthcare services and treat-ment. I am grateful for the opportunity to work with Chairman I
SAKSON , Ranking Member T
ESTER , Senate leadership, and this administration to enact laws that provide our veterans with the sup-port and benefits they are owed. While we have made progress, we can and must do even better. It is my hope that the next Congress—Republicans and Democrats—can continue to work together to get things done for our vet-erans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.006 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7536 December 13, 2018 
Now, on another topic—tax reform— when I delivered my maiden speech on the floor of the Senate, Nevada was struggling after being knocked down by the great recession—a time when Nevada led the Nation in home fore-closures and when we had double-digit unemployment. Today, Nevada is lead-ing the Nation in private sector job growth, the housing market has recov-ered, and home prices are increasing. Now we are one of the fastest growing States in the Nation. Nevada is booming. It is because this Congress delivered tax cuts that put more money in America’s paychecks, their pocketbooks, and their pensions, and we advanced pro-growth policies that have led to more jobs, higher wages, and more opportunities for Ne-vadans. As a Member of the Senate Com-mittee on Finance, I am proud to have authorized and authored several provi-sions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that include, for example, not limiting but doubling the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. Since the law was enacted, tens of thousands of jobs in the State of Nevada have been cre-ated. Recently, Nevada’s unemploy-ment rate hit a new 11-year low—the lowest rate since the 2008 economic downturn. As a result of this new law, tens of thousands of Nevadans have benefited from bonuses, raises, and ex-panded benefits, on top of bigger pay-checks and strengthened pensions. To give you a couple of examples, South Point Hotel and Casino doubled its full-time workers’ bonuses. Devel-opers of a stalled project on the Las Vegas Strip committed to creating over 10,000 jobs, and the Prospect Hotel in Ely gave its employees bonuses and raised its starting wages. All of this was a direct result of the tax reform bill. Nevada’s economy is back on track, and I hope this Congress will continue to advance policies to keep us on that path to help Nevada workers and the hard-working families get ahead. Let me move on. Since coming to Washington, DC, my No. 1 focus has al-ways been the people of Nevada and putting our State’s priorities first. For example, I worked with Senator M
AR-
TINHEINRICH from New Mexico to level the playing field for the development of new, alternative energy technologies to support Nevada’s energy diversifica-tion. Earlier this year, I was proud to host the bipartisan annual Lake Tahoe Summit, and I worked with Senator F
EINSTEIN throughout my career to de-liver resources to protect the Tahoe Basin and to fight devastating wildfires. When Congress came together to ap-prove a 5-year highway bill, I was able to secure my top infrastructure pri-ority, and that was to expand Inter-state 11 up to Northern Nevada. Whether it is leading the Republican charge to extend unemployment bene-fits in 2014, when Nevada’s unemploy-ment rate was nearly double what it is now, or breaking with my party to pass the Violence Against Women Act, I have always been willing to work with anyone who has good ideas to help move Nevada’s families and Nevada’s communities forward. While I am pleased that I have been able to work with my colleagues to turn these ideas into over 100 pieces of legislation that are now law, this job is about more than advancing good poli-cies. It is about helping people, and that is what is most important. I work for Nevadans, and when someone comes to me with a problem or calls one of my offices for help, we drop everything we do and all that we do in an effort to help them. When the VA refused to pay a home-less veteran $40,000 after he won his ap-peal, we made sure the veteran got paid so he could get back on his feet. When a constituent had a liver trans-plant and was denied coverage and left without insurance, he enrolled into the marketplace exchange. When the time came to reenroll, the exchange denied him and forced him to go without in-surance until my office intervened. Take, for example, a woman who came to us after being charged a Medi-care penalty of about 40 percent each month. My staff worked with the local and regional offices to secure reim-bursement of $1,000 and to adjust the monthly premium to save that con-stituent, potentially, thousands of dol-lars. When a constituent spent 9 months trying to get her Social Security re-tirement benefits, we were able to get her a resolution to properly begin re-ceiving her payment. Finally, when a Navy veteran was in jeopardy of losing his home while he was temporarily out of work, we con-tacted the lender of his mortgage on his behalf and ensured that he was able to keep his home. These are just a few examples of what this job is really all about—mak-ing life better for people you work for. I know that I am not alone. I truly be-lieve that this is what drives all Mem-bers of Congress, and that is to serve their constituents—no matter your party, no matter your State, no matter what you did before you got here. Before I got here, I grew up with two parents and five siblings who, like Ne-vadans, embodied the ‘‘battle born’’ spirit. I would like to pay tribute not only to my family, friends, and men-tors who have helped me along the way but to all of my constituents by talk-ing a little bit about what makes Ne-vada different. Nevadans are pioneers. They are not afraid to take risks, to dream, to put in hard work, or to start from scratch. We are self-starters, we are builders, and we are trailblazers. We laid down tracks to connect railroads and mined for gold and silver in the north. We shoveled mud, drilled through rocks, and scaled concrete to construct the Hoover Dam, and in the Mojave Desert we created the Entertainment Capital of the World. One characteristic outsiders may overlook is this: We are fighters. There is no other event in our history that best serves as an example of that trait than the aftermath of the October 1 mass shooting in Las Vegas, a tragedy that truly shook our State. I have spoken before on the Senate floor about the incredible and heroic people who helped to lead concertgoers and, in turn, the whole community, out of that darkness. Whether these indi-viduals wore uniforms or not, they stepped up to help others, and their ac-tions helped us grieve and start to heal together. This immeasurable pain, suffering, and devastation inflicted by one man elicited a profound, innate, and imme-diate human response from Nevadans across the State. Like many Nevadans, I saw firsthand the strong sense of family, faith, and strength in the wake of the October 1 shooting. When I leave here, I will carry those extraordinary moments of unity and generosity with me. During the 1989 inaugural address, Former President George H. W. Bush once said: We know what works: Freedom works. We know what’s right: Freedom is right. We know how to secure a more just and pros-perous life for man on Earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state. 
Regardless of what party affiliation you have, I still think we can all agree with those words. We can all agree that we are fortunate to live in a great country defended by men and women who stand guard to defend our way of life. We can all agree we are fortunate to live in a great country in which every aspiration or dream is possible to achieve. We can all agree that this is because freedom works, and that free-dom is right. No, not everything comes easy, and I would be lying if I said others didn’t have to fight harder than some. But that job you want to get, that school you want to get into, that business you want to start, or that idea that you would like to see come to life is pos-sible in America. This is a country where the son of an auto mechanic and a school cook had the opportunity to deliver the newspaper to then-Governor Michael O’Callaghan, go to Sunday school with then-Lieutenant Governor Harry Reid’s sons, get his education at the same public high school as the late Senator Paul Laxalt, play basketball with Governor Brian Sandoval, and a place where that same kid can grow up and serve Nevada in the U.S. Senate. My goal always has been making Ne-vada a better place today than it was yesterday. It is a better place to raise a family—not only one where you can find a job but a place where you can have a long-term career. I would like to end with this. My daughter Hillary and her husband 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.008 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7537 December 13, 2018 
adopted a young child from China. She was abandoned as an infant at a bus station. Her name is Ava. She was raised in an orphanage for the first 2 years of her life. When my daughter and her family first met Ava, she did not cry when she was hungry. She did not cry when she was tired. She did not cry when she needed to be changed, and she did not cry when she was hurt. Why? Because it didn’t matter; she was always on someone else’s time. But she did cry when they took her shoes off to put her to bed. You see, in an orphanage, kids sleep with their shoes on so they don’t get lost. Ava, at 2 years of age, had never slept without her shoes on. Now, she did cry the first time when they bathed her in a tub of water. In an orphanage, you take cloth baths. So Ava had never been in a bathtub. Today, when Ava falls, someone is there to pick her up. Today, when she cries, someone is there to wipe away the tears. Today, when she is hungry, someone is there to feed her. Today, when she is tired, there is always some-one there to tuck her into bed. When Ava grows up in this country, there will be plenty of doors that she can open that would otherwise have been closed. I will never forget seeing my newest granddaughter in the arms of the Vice President, knowing that her life had changed forever. This is the job at hand, to uphold this country’s longstanding reputation as the land of opportunity. I an optimist, and I will remain one after leaving this great Chamber be-cause I have seen remarkable moments here in Washington. This body has come a long way from its early days when Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, and John Calhoun were navigating a di-vided nation and fighting to save our young democracy. I believe that our Nation’s future is bright, and that Ne-vada’s future is bright. My heart has been and always will be in Nevada, a State that I love and a place that I am so proud to call home. Thank you for giving me the oppor-tunity to work for you. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I can say with great confidence that Ne-vada and the Senate and the country are better for D
EANHELLER ’s service to our Nation. We know D
EANis a smart guy. He is so smart that when I was chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee in 2010 and was trying to get him to run for the U.S. Senate, he declined to do so, only to then run in 2012 and, obviously, he suc-ceeded. I know there are many others who would like to speak and pay tribute to D
EAN, and I won’t take but a moment. Of course, one of the things I remem-ber most about Senator H
ELLER is his optimism. I also particularly appre-ciate his comment about things he has done to help ordinary Nevadans that do not involve major pieces of legislation. He certainly played a part in major legislation like the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but DEAN’s efforts to also pass leg-islation like the SAFER Act, which helps our law enforcement agencies re-duce the rape kit backlog—D
EAN’s ef-forts on the Federal level, coupled with State level reforms, played a role in making it possible for nearly 8,000 un-tested sexual assault kits in Nevada to be sent to labs for testing. D
EAN’s commitment to our veterans led to his bill, the Veterans Urgent Ac-cess to Mental Healthcare Act. I appreciate his reminding us that sometimes the most important work we do is what we call casework. When veterans come to us and say ‘‘I am not getting access to the healthcare that I have earned by virtue of my military service’’ or when a senior says ‘‘I am not getting my Social Security bene-fits’’ or sometimes when people contact us and say ‘‘I have relatives who can’t enter the country because they can’t get a visa’’—these are the kinds of things that people will never forget. They are the sorts of acts of individual kindness and generosity that, with a true attitude of public service, people will never forget. Sometimes these ef-forts amount to some of the most meaningful work that we can do and that our staff can do. So I have every confidence that we will see and hear a lot more from D
EAN and Lynne, no matter what they do. It is clear to me that D
EANhas his prior-ities right: family first, faith, and then service to our country. D
EAN, we are going to miss you, but we look forward to staying in touch with you and Lynne, as friends do, and we wish you all the luck. Given your talent for working on cars, which is one of the things I think is particularly noteworthy, you will be my first call if I need my transmission fixed. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, as chairman of the Veterans Committee, for the last 4 years I have had the privilege of working with D
EANHELLER  from Nevada. In his opening remarks in his fare-well speech, he spoke about his com-passion for veterans. I have seen it up close and personal. His value as a mem-ber of that committee to me is invalu-able. I could not have had a better member. We had a lot of tough votes that had to be taken. A lot of times I had to count noses, and I knew I could count on him when it got to committee. This is a guy you could count on 100 percent of the time, every day. He cares about what he is doing. He knows what he is doing. He is an affa-ble person who is fun to be with, even if you disagree on things. D
EANis one of a kind, in my opinion, and someone I am very proud to have served with on the committee. I wish he were going to be there for my last 2 years as chair-man so that I could count on him a lit-tle bit more. DEANis the real deal. He is the guy you can put money in the bank on. He has helped a lot. I wish him the very best. His service to the country is invaluable. I served with him in the House and in the Sen-ate. For the whole 20 years he has been here, I have been here too. I have seen him in countless tough votes. Whether it is Part D of Medicare or whatever it might be, he has always been there to be counted on. He has stood up for the State of Ne-vada, whether the issue was nuclear en-ergy, nuclear storage, nuclear waste, or nuclear bombs. Nevada is a great State. This is a great Senate, and we have a great country. One of the reason we do is we have great individuals like D
EANHELL-
ER. God bless you, and I wish you the best. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I wish to associate myself with the com-ments of my colleague from Georgia, Senator I
SAKSON , who chairs the Vet-erans Affairs Committee. I have the privilege of chairing the Senate Commerce Committee. Senator H
ELLER has been a very active and im-portant voice on our committee on countless issues. Our committee has a very broad, wide jurisdiction. We heard him speak about his passion for vet-erans, and everybody knows that and how hard he has worked to make life better for veterans in the State of Ne-vada. But I would say, also, on issues like rural broadband and transpor-tation, many of which, as I said, fall under the jurisdiction of the Senate Commerce Committee, I can’t think of anybody who has been more pas-sionate, more representative of his State and his people, more conscien-tious, more hard-working, and, frank-ly, just rock solid when it comes to the way he stands up for and represents the State of Nevada here in the U.S. Sen-ate. So I, too, am going to miss him and his voice and his excellent work and that of his staff on the Senate Com-merce Committee. As those who have spoken before me have said, we know that his contributions not only to the people of Nevada but also to the people of this country will continue because he is someone who not only has great talent but also tremendous character. As I think about the future that he and Lynne are going to enjoy, hope-fully it will include a little more time together and more time with those grandkids, which we talk about all the time. The other thing I appreciate about D
EAN HELLER is that no matter how tough the going was, he always had a smile on his face. People talk about his optimism. That is a virtue that, to me, really matters around here. We deal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.009 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7538 December 13, 2018 
with weighty and serious issues. It is important that we see the lighter side and that we appreciate the humor in what we do, too; that we approach it with a sense of purpose but also a sense of optimism. That is always evident whenever you encounter D
EANHELLER  in any circumstance. The thing I think I will miss the most about him is that whenever I see him, I see that smile, and I appreciate that. I wish him and Lynne and his family the best in the days ahead. I thank him for his great work here, and I thank his family for the sacrifice they have made to enable him to be here to represent Nevadans in the U.S. Senate. So, Senator H
ELLER , God bless you and your family in the days ahead. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Madam Presi-dent, like my colleagues, I, too, want to honor and express my gratitude to my friend and colleague, Senator D
EAN H
ELLER . Most people don’t know that he has spent 30 years serving the great State of Nevada. I have heard everyone talk about how D
EANloves Nevada. There is no doubt that if you just have an ini-tial conversation with D
EAN HELLER , you will learn about Nevada and his love for Nevada and why it is a wonder-ful place to live. He has advocated for the people of Carson City as a member of our Nevada State Assembly. He served as Nevada’s secretary of state, where he made Ne-vada the first State in the Nation to adopt paper records for electronic vot-ing machines. In Congress, D
EAN has fought tire-lessly on behalf of our Nation’s vet-erans, as we have heard, first as a Rep-resentative for Nevada’s Second Con-gressional District and then as a United States Senator. I have watched D
EANand have had the honor to work with him now across the aisle. When I first came to the Senate as a junior Senator, he warmly welcomed me. We had a conversation about how we could work together—although we don’t see eye to eye on everything, but how we could work together for the best interests of the State of Nevada. He made a commitment then, and he followed through on that commitment. So together we have worked to do so many things on behalf of the great peo-ple of the State of Nevada. We worked on critical infrastructure. He has worked to support our local law en-forcement and fund programs, as you have heard, for veterans and seniors and low-income families. We also found common ground, just as Nevadans expected us to do, and in-troduced bipartisan legislation to pro-tect our public lands in eastern Nevada while also prioritizing long-term eco-nomic growth in our rural commu-nities. I have also worked with him and watched D
EANas he worked on domes-tic violence prevention and human trafficking prevention in the State of Nevada. We have had the opportunity, not just here in Washington but in our home State, to work side by side to stop any attempts to revive Yucca Mountain. We introduced bipartisan legislation requiring the Secretary of Energy to obtain the written consent of the Governor and impacted local Tribal communities before building a nuclear waste repository. As you have heard, DEANand I also shared an unfortunate, horrific inci-dent on October 1—the deadly shooting in Las Vegas. He and I were on the ground, along with our entire delega-tion, to do everything we could in our community, and D
EANwas everywhere. He was talking to so many people, thanking the first responders, stopping by the hospitals, talking with the fami-lies. It truly was his commitment to his home State to do everything he could to help that community heal, and he continues to do so today. The one thing I do know as a Ne-vadan born and raised, just like D
EAN, is that when it comes to our beloved State, it is about putting that State first, the people there, and uniting and coming together to make sure that we are working together. No matter the climate, no matter the partisanship that we see here in Washington, it is about what we can do every single day to work together, and I thank him for that commitment. I thank him for his willingness to bring this junior Senator in and have conversations about how we can work together to the benefit of our community. I want to thank Senator H
ELLER for everything he has done over the years on behalf of the State of Nevada, for his decades of service, and for his friendship. I wish you and Lynne and your beautiful children and grand-children the best in this chapter of your life. I know you are not done. We are all excited to see what is next. So I thank you, my friend, and I look forward to working with you in the fu-ture as well. Thank you for your com-mitment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, before I speak on the topic that I came to the floor to speak about, which is the reso-lution currently before the Senate, I wanted to just echo the commentary made about our colleague Senator H
ELLER . I have enjoyed our time work-ing together. I spent 6 years of my childhood grow-ing up in Las Vegas, so we have a lot of mutual friends. He knows a lot of the people I grew up with and is a part of our family. He will be sorely missed here. I am sure he will be warmly wel-comed back home to the community and to his family. We all look forward to seeing the future endeavors lying ahead for him. I know he still has much to offer the Nation and the State of Nevada. 
S.J. RES. 54 
Madam President, one of the things that makes service in the Senate meaningful is when we get to discuss big issues of great importance. I want to start by thanking the authors of this War Powers Resolution on Yemen because, while I may not agree with it—and I am going to describe why in a moment—I think it is important that the Senate have big debates about big topics and play its rightful role. The Senate and the legislative branch have an important role to play in setting the foreign policy of the United States. I actually don’t think the War Pow-ers Act is constitutional. I believe it is an unconstitutional restraint on the power of the Commander in Chief, and even if it were constitutional, I do not believe that our engagement, or what we are doing in Yemen with the Saudi UAE coalition, rises to a level of trig-gering it. That doesn’t mean that Congress should not be involved. Frankly, the one way to be involved if you wanted to, if you wanted to pronounce yourself on a matter of this topic, you should file to cut off the money. I wouldn’t support it, but that is where Congress’s power really comes from. Shut off the money; say that no money can be spent on this effort. Few people are willing to do that, so we rely on these other mechanisms that exist in our law. But I want to talk more about why I think it is bad idea to vote for this and why I hope more of my colleagues will join me in opposing it. First of all, I understand what is hap-pening. This resolution is not new; it has been discussed before. It existed for a number of months, well before Wash-ington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi’s brutal murder at the Saudi consulate in Yemen. So this is not a new issue, but it has become for many Members proxy—a vehicle by which they can express displeasure at the way the administration and the President have responded to the mur-der of Mr. Khashoggi. I think what has happened to Mr. Khashoggi is an outrage. I don’t need a smoking gun or an intelligence briefing to tell me that the Crown Prince is re-sponsible. If you know anything about Saudi Arabia, if you know anything about how their government works, and if you know anything about the Crown Prince, you know that there is no way that 17 guys close to him get on an air-plane, fly to a third country, chop up a guy in a consulate, dispose of the body, and fly back, and he didn’t know any-thing about it. It is just not real. It is also consistent with a pattern of behavior by the Crown Prince. He lit-erally kidnapped the Prime Minister of Lebanon about a year and a half ago. He has jailed multiple members of his family and government because they weren’t in support of his being the suc-cessor to the King. This is a pattern of behavior that needs to be dealt with. I do not believe dealing with it requires us to shatter the Saudi-U.S. alliance. Foreign policy is hard because it must be infused with our values and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.011 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7539 December 13, 2018 
the defense of human rights. And I say this with humility—I hold my record up to that of anyone in this Chamber when it comes to fighting on behalf of human rights and humanitarian causes, and we have a lot of great champions of that in the U.S. Senate. But we also have to recognize that this has to be balanced sometimes with re-alism, and it requires us to make dif-ficult decisions. The interesting thing about foreign policy is that it is often not a choice between a great idea and a bad idea; it is often a choice between two less- than-ideal outcomes, and you are try-ing to figure out which one would do the least harm and make the most sense. In many ways, that is what we are facing here in this debate about the Saudi-U.S. alliance. I have long recognized and con-demned the horrifying human rights violations that occur at a systemic level in Saudi Arabia, and I will con-tinue to do so. But I also recognize that there is a threat in the Middle East posed by Iran and their ambitions that must be confronted, and it must be confronted now, regionally, or even-tually it will pull the United States into direct conflict. Saudi Arabia and our alliance is a key part of that coali-tion, so it would be a mistake to shat-ter it. In the case of Yemen, this has be-come a proxy issue for the broader issue of the murder of Mr. Khashoggi. Hopefully later today, there will be a resolution offered by the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the majority leader—I hope others will join in—that makes very clear that the vast majority of Members in this Chamber condemn what happened to Mr. Khashoggi and hold the Crown Prince responsible for his murder. There is no disputing that what is happening in Yemen is a horrifying hu-manitarian tragedy. The numbers speak for themselves. Over 57,000 human beings have lost their lives. Half the country’s population of 28 mil-lion people is starving to death, includ-ing many women and children, and 2.3 million people have been displaced from their homes. It is horrifying, and there is plenty of blame to go around, including Iran and their Houthi surro-gates. The first question I would ask is, If this resolution passes and were to be-come law, would it end this conflict? If we pass this and the White House were somehow forced to do what we are ask-ing them to do, it wouldn’t end this conflict. This conflict will continue, this fight will continue, and the reason why is pretty straightforward: The Saudis view the Houthis as agents of Iran. They already see agents of Iran via Hezbollah, Syria, and Iraq obvi-ously for a long time in Lebanon, and now, to their west and south, Yemen. They are not just agents of Iran. They have launched rockets and ballistic missiles into Saudi Arabia, at their ci-vilian populations, including efforts to kill members of the Saudi royal family and government leadership. They have threatened global shipping in the re-gion, where over 400 million barrels of oil a day transit—critical to the world’s energy supplies. So they are going to have a war. There is no way Saudi Arabia or the UAE or any of these countries are going to allow themselves to be encircled by Iranian agents. This conflict will continue irrespec-tive of what we do, and the Saudis will have no problem buying weapons. One of the sad facts about the world today is that countries have plenty of sources from which they can buy this weaponry and plenty of countries and arms deal-ers who are willing to sell it to them. Will this resolution, if it passes, end the suffering? The answer, sadly, is no, it will not. In fact, it is the Houthis who have blocked the two access roads that lead to the port, making it dif-ficult to deliver aid. It is the Houthis who have placed mines at the entrance of the port. It is the Houthis, by the way, who are torturing people—tor-turing people. We have seen reports of faces being smashed by batons, of peo-ple hanging from chains by their geni-tals and by their wrists for weeks in places, people being scorched with acid. That is the Houthis. That will con-tinue. Will this end the warfare? It will not. It will not end the warfare. In fact, I think it has the potential to trigger broader warfare. First of all, it won’t end the warfare because right now they are having peace talks. Put yourself in common sense for a moment, and ask yourself: If you are the Houthis and you just read in the newspaper that now the U.S. Senate has voted to end support for Saudi Arabia—do you know what they are thinking? We don’t need a peace deal; we might be able to win this thing now. They don’t know that it is not going to become law, that the House is not going to take it up. They don’t know any of that. They just read that the United States is weakening in its support of Saudi Arabia, and they think, we don’t need a peace deal. It is going to embolden them to not strike a peace deal. But here is where I think it really gets dangerous. The United States stops its support of Saudi Arabia. Houthis establish more control and more stability in their control in areas of Yemen. What are they going to do then? Are they then going to go and re-build the country, build roads and bridges, and move on to an era of pros-perity and peace? They are not. They are going to become what they are but in an expanded way—agents of Iranian influence and of Iranian-sponsored vio-lence. Here is what you can expect to see if the Houthis establish control of key areas of Yemen and are able to reach a stalemate or, worse, are able to solidify their grip on power: You are going to see hundreds of ballistic missiles launched against Saudi Arabia—mis-siles that, by the way, in a contingency where there is a crisis between the United States and Iran, would also be able to target American service men and women serving in the region. You are going to see these explosive UAVs that they have already used in attack-ing Saudi Arabia. Do you know what Saudi Arabia is going to do in response? They are going to hit them back even harder. In fact, they may even hit Iran, triggering an even broader war. And it gets worse. It gets worse because you can also see them using explosive boats and anti- ship missiles to cut off shipping lanes in the Arabian Gulf. At that point, you will see the U.S. Navy called upon to go in there and reopen shipping be-cause the global energy supply is rely-ing upon it, and the world looks to the United States as a guarantor of the freedom of the seas. In essence, this could very well lead, in the long run, to an even broader and more dangerous conflict that could in-volve us and could pull us in. That is the way we need to think about these issues—not just what is before us now. You have to think two or three steps ahead, and two or three steps ahead is that this could become a broader con-flict that forces us in. Imagine it for a moment. We know for a fact that Iran’s plans are to use surrogates to attack the United States in instances of a crisis. That is why these Shia militias in Iraq are so dan-gerous. At a moment’s notice, they could decide they are going to start at-tacking American troops in Iraq, and Iran is going to say: It wasn’t us; it was the Shia militia. That is why Hezbollah in Syria is so dangerous. That is why Lebanese Hezbollah is so dangerous. That is why they have cells all over the world ready to be activated at a mo-ment of crisis as an asymmetrical way for Iran to attack the United States without direct attribution. And now we are going to give them one more—the Houthis in Yemen to target our service men and women and our allies in the region, and then we will have to re-spond, and then we will be in a war in-volving American service men and women. Nothing we are doing now guarantees that won’t happen anyway, but I am telling you that if we pull out of this effort, it makes it likely. I think it makes it likely that we will see a broader conflict in the very near future that will directly involve the United States of America. On this final point, I will say that it is important for us to think about these things pragmatically because we lose our influence over the conduct of this war. The Saudi authorities and their military do not do a good job of respecting the rules of war. In fact, they have a military culture in Saudi Arabia where you are more likely to get punished for not taking the shot than for blowing up a bus full of chil-dren or hitting a residential project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.013 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7540 December 13, 2018 
You are more likely to be punished for not taking the shot than for taking the shot that kills innocents. That has to change, and we have some level of in-fluence now, given the fact that we are engaged with them, to sort of steer them in that direction and explain to them what troubles our alliance here in Washington. We lose that influence if we walk away. I do sympathize with the two points behind this resolution: reasserting con-gressional authority on foreign pol-icy—I agree we need to have more over-sight and engagement, and I agree that the conduct of this war in Yemen is horrifying and that what is happening to civilians there is terrible. I just don’t think our pulling out makes it better. I actually think it makes it worse, and I actually think that in the long run, it sucks America into a much broader and more dangerous conflict. That is why I hope more Senators here today will oppose this resolution. We do need to send a clear message to Saudi Arabia that what the Crown Prince did to Mr. Khashoggi is unac-ceptable, but this is the wrong way to do the right thing. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I know I was supposed to speak next, but I know the distinguished Senator from Missouri has a unanimous consent re-quest, so I yield to him. Mr. BLUNT. I thank the Senator from Vermont. 
f 
AMENDING THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 3749, introduced earlier today by Senator K
LOBUCHAR and my-self. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3749) to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, review, and resolution of claims al-leging that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and pro-tections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sex-ual harassment, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3749) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3749 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.). (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references in Act; table of contents. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims Sec. 101. Description of procedures available for consideration of alleged vio-lations. Sec. 102. Reform of process for initiation of procedures. Sec. 103. Preliminary review of claims by hearing officer. Sec. 104. Availability of mediation during process. Subtitle B—Other Reforms Sec. 111. Requiring Members of Congress to reimburse Treasury for amounts paid as settlements and awards in cases of acts by Members. Sec. 112. Automatic referral to Congres-sional Ethics Committees of disposition of certain claims al-leging violations of Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 involving Members of Con-gress and senior staff. Sec. 113. Availability of remote work assign-ment or paid leave of absence during pendency of procedures. Sec. 114. Modification of rules on confiden-tiality of proceedings. Sec. 115. Reimbursement by other employ-ing offices of legislative branch of payments of certain awards and settlements. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS Sec. 201. Reports on awards and settlements. Sec. 202. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices. Sec. 203. Record retention. Sec. 204. Confidential advisors. Sec. 205. GAO study of management prac-tices. Sec. 206. GAO audit of cybersecurity. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS Sec. 301. Application of Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. Sec. 302. Extension to unpaid staff of rights and protections against em-ployment discrimination. Sec. 303. Clarification of treatment of Li-brary of Congress visitors. Sec. 304. Notices. Sec. 305. Clarification of coverage of em-ployees of Helsinki and China Commissions. Sec. 306. Training and education programs of other employing offices. Sec. 307. Support for out-of-area covered em-ployees. Sec. 308. Renaming Office of Compliance as Office of Congressional Work-place Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 401. Effective date. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims SEC. 101. DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES AVAIL-ABLE FOR CONSIDERATION OF AL-LEGED VIOLATIONS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES DESCRIBED .—Section 401 (2 U.S.C. 1401) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCEDURE FOR CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING AND REVIEW OF CLAIMS .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided, the procedure for consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II consists of— ‘‘(1) the filing of a claim by the covered employee alleging the violation, as provided in section 402; ‘‘(2) the preliminary review of the claim, to be conducted by a hearing officer as provided in section 403; ‘‘(3) mediation as provided in section 404, if requested and agreed to by the parties under that section; and ‘‘(4) a formal hearing as provided in section 405, subject to Board review as provided in section 406 and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit as provided in section 407. ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF EMPLOYEE TO FILECIVILAC-
TION.— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL ACTION .—Only a covered em-ployee who has filed a claim timely as pro-vided in section 402 and who has not sub-mitted a request for a hearing on the claim pursuant to section 405(a) may, during the period described in paragraph (3), file a civil action in a District Court of the United States with respect to the violation alleged in the claim, as provided in section 408. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FILING CIVIL ACTION .—Not- withstanding paragraph (2), (3), or (4) of sub-section (a), if the covered employee files such a civil action— ‘‘(A) the preliminary review of the claim by the hearing officer as provided in section 403 shall terminate upon the filing of the ac-tion by the covered employee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure for consideration of the alleged violation shall not include any fur-ther review of the claim by the hearing offi-cer as provided in section 403. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD FOR FILING CIVIL ACTION .—The period described in this paragraph with re-spect to a claim is the 70-day period which begins on the date the covered employee files the claim under section 402. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR EMPLOYEES WHO FAIL  
TO STATE A CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAY BE  
GRANTED .—Notwithstanding paragraph (3), if a covered employee receives a written notice from the hearing officer under section 403(d)(2) that the employee has the right to file a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, the covered employee may file the civil action not later than 90 days after receiving such written no-tice. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ARCHITECT OF THE  C
APITOL AND CAPITOL POLICE .—In the case of an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, the Of-fice, after receiving a claim filed under sec-tion 402, may recommend that the employee use the grievance procedures of the Archi-tect of the Capitol or the Capitol Police for resolution of the employee’s grievance for a specific period of time. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for which the em-ployee is using the grievance procedures, that has not already passed by the first day of that specific period, shall be stayed during that specific period. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES FOR LIBRARY OF  C
ONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.014 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7541 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(A) D IRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, or 203. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a Library claimant. ‘‘(C) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means, with respect to a di-rect provision, an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER THIS ACT .—A Library claim-ant who initially files a claim for an alleged violation as provided in section 402 may, at any time before the date that is 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of the claim under sec-tion 403(c), elect to bring the claim for a pro-ceeding before the corresponding Federal agency under the corresponding direct provi-sion, instead of continuing with the proce-dures applicable to the claim under this title or filing a civil action in accordance with section 408. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS OR LABOR  
LAW.—A Library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(A) continue with the agency’s procedures and preserve the option (if any) to bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant; or ‘‘(B) file a claim with the Office under sec-tion 402 and continue with the corresponding procedures of this title available and appli-cable to a covered employee. ‘‘(4) T
IMING .—A Library claimant who meets the initial deadline under section 402(d) for filing a claim under this title, or any initial deadline for bringing a claim, complaint, or charge under the applicable di-rect provision, and then elects to change to alternative procedures as described in para-graph (2) or (3)(B), shall be considered to meet any initial deadline for the alternative procedures. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall take effect and shall apply as described in section 153(c) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) (except to the extent such section applies to any violation of section 210 or a provision of an Act specified in section 210). ‘‘(e) R
IGHTS OF PARTIES TO RETAIN PRIVATE  C
OUNSEL .—Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to limit the authority of any indi-vidual (including a covered employee, the head of an employing office, or an individual who is alleged to have committed personally an act which consists of a violation of part A of title II) to retain counsel to protect the interests of the individual at any point dur-ing any of the procedures provided under this title for the consideration of an alleged vio-lation of part A of title II, including as pro-vided under section 415(d)(8) with respect to individuals subject to a reimbursement re-quirement of section 415(d). ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS FOR ASSERTIONS MADE BY  P
ARTIES .—Any party in any of the proce-dures provided under this title, as well as any counsel or other person representing a party in any of such procedures, shall have an obligation to ensure that, to the best of the party’s knowledge, information, and be-lief, as formed after an inquiry which is rea-sonable under the circumstances, each of the following is correct: ‘‘(1) No pleading, written motion, or other paper is presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of resolution of the matter. ‘‘(2) The claims, defenses, and other legal contentions the party advocates are war-ranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or re-versing existing law or for establishing new law. ‘‘(3) The factual contentions have evi-dentiary support or, if specifically so identi-fied, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further re-view or discovery. ‘‘(4) The denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or, if specifically so identified, are reasonably based on belief or a lack of information. ‘‘(g) PROCEDURE .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to supersede or limit section 225(d)(2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  C
IVIL ACTION .—Section 408(a) (2 U.S.C. 1408(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 404’’ and inserting ‘‘section 401’’; (2) by striking ‘‘who has completed coun-seling under section 402 and mediation under section 403’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO  T
ITLE IV.—Title IV is amended— (1) by striking section 404 (2 U.S.C. 1404); and (2) by redesignating section 403 (2 U.S.C. 1403) as section 404. (d) M
ISCELLANEOUS CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 225 (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 404; and (2) by redesignating the item relating to section 403 as relating to section 404. 
SEC. 102. REFORM OF PROCESS FOR INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NITIATION OF PROCEDURES .—Section 402 (2 U.S.C. 1402) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) C LAIM.— ‘‘(1) F
ILING OF CLAIM .—To commence a pro-ceeding under this title, a covered employee alleging a violation of law made applicable under part A of title II shall file a claim with the Office. The Office shall not accept a claim which is filed after the deadline appli-cable under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF CLAIM .—The claim filed under this section shall be made in writing under oath or affirmation, shall describe the facts that form the basis of the claim and the violation that is being alleged, shall identify the employing office alleged to have committed the violation or in which the vio-lation is alleged to have occurred, and shall be in such form as the Office requires. ‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON ABILITY OF COVERED EM -
PLOYEE TO SEEK INFORMATION FROM OFFICE OR  
PURSUE RELIEF .—Nothing in paragraph (2), or subsection (b) or (c), may be construed to limit the ability of a covered employee— ‘‘(A) to contact the Office or any other ap-propriate office prior to filing a claim under this section to seek information regarding the employee’s rights under this Act and the procedures available under this Act; ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered employee of an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or Senate, to refer information regarding an alleged violation of part A of title II to the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Com-mittee on Ethics of the Senate (as the case may be); or ‘‘(C) to file a civil action in accordance with section 401(b). ‘‘(b) INITIAL PROCESSING OF CLAIM.— ‘‘(1) I
NTAKE AND RECORDING ; NOTIFICATION  
TO EMPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon the filing of a claim by a covered employee under sub-section (a), the Office shall take such steps as may be necessary for the initial intake and recording of the claim, including pro-viding each party with all relevant informa-tion with respect to the rights of the party under this Act, and shall transmit imme-diately a copy of the claim to the head of the employing office and the designated rep-resentative of that office. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
FOR CLAIMS BASED ON ACTS BY MEMBERS OF  
CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a claim al-leging a violation described in subparagraph (B) which consists of a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A) by an individual, upon the filing of the claim under subsection (a), the Office shall notify immediately such in-dividual of the claim, the possibility that the individual may be required to reimburse the account described in section 415(a) for the re-imbursable portion of any award or settle-ment in connection with the claim, and the right of the individual under section 415(d)(8) to intervene in any mediation, hearing, or civil action under this title with respect to the claim. ‘‘(B) V
IOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(c) U
SE OF SECURE ELECTRONIC REPORTING  
ANDTRACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF SE -
CURE SYSTEM .—The Office shall establish and operate a secure electronic reporting system through which a covered employee may ini-tiate a proceeding under this title, and which will keep an electronic record of the date and time at which the proceeding is initiated and will track all subsequent actions or pro-ceedings occurring with respect to the pro-ceeding under this title. ‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBILITY TO ALL PARTIES .—The system shall be accessible to all parties to such actions or proceedings, but only until the completion of such actions or pro-ceedings. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PRO -
CEDURES .—The Office shall use the informa-tion contained in the system to make reg-ular assessments of the effectiveness of the procedures under this title in providing for the timely resolution of claims, and shall submit semi-annual reports on such assess-ments each year to the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate. ‘‘(d) D
EADLINE .—A covered employee may not file a claim under this section with re-spect to an allegation of a violation of law after the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the alleged viola-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by amending the item relating to section 402 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 402. Initiation of procedures.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7542 December 13, 2018 
SEC. 103. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS BY HEARING OFFICER. 
(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW DESCRIBED .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 101(c), is further amended by inserting after section 402 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 403. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW BY HEARING OF-
FICER .— ‘‘(1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 7 days after transmission to the employing office of a claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer to conduct a preliminary review of the claim. ‘‘(2) P
ROCESS FOR APPOINTMENT .—The Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer under this subsection in the same manner and in accordance with the same require-ments and procedures applicable to the ap-pointment of a hearing officer under section 405(c). ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS REQUIRED .—In con- ducting a preliminary review of a claim under this section, the hearing officer shall assess each of the following: ‘‘(1) Whether the claimant is a covered em-ployee authorized to obtain relief relating to the claim under this title. ‘‘(2) Whether the office which is the subject of the claim is an employing office under this Act. ‘‘(3) Whether the individual filing the claim has met the applicable deadlines for filing the claim under this title. ‘‘(4) The identification of factual and legal issues involved with respect to the claim. ‘‘(5) The specific relief sought by the indi-vidual. ‘‘(6) Whether, on the basis of the assess-ments made under paragraphs (1) through (5), the individual filing the claim is a cov-ered employee who has stated a claim for which, if the allegations contained in the claim are true, relief may be granted under this title. ‘‘(7) The potential for the settlement of the claim without a formal hearing as provided under section 405 or a civil action as pro-vided under section 408. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after a claim is filed under section 402, the hearing officer shall submit to the individual filing the claim and the office which is the subject of the claim a report on the preliminary re-view conducted under this section, and shall include in the report the hearing officer’s de-termination as to whether the individual is a covered employee who has stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title (as described in paragraph (6) of subsection (b)). The submission of the report shall con-clude the preliminary review. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The hearing officer may (upon notice to the individual filing the claim and the employing office which is the subject of the claim) use an ad-ditional period of not to exceed 30 days to conclude the preliminary review. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATION OF FAILURE  
TOSTATE CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAYBE G
RANTED .—If the hearing officer’s report on the preliminary review of a claim under sub-section (c) includes the determination that the individual filing the claim is not a cov-ered employee or has not stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title— ‘‘(1) the individual (including an individual who is a Library claimant, as defined in sec-tion 401(d)(1)) may not obtain a formal hear-ing with respect to the claim as provided under section 405; and ‘‘(2) the hearing officer shall provide the individual and the Executive Director with a written notice that the individual may file a civil action with respect to the claim in ac-cordance with section 408. ‘‘(e) TRANSMISSION OF REPORT ON PRELIMI -
NARY REVIEW OF CERTAIN CLAIMS TO CON-
GRESSIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES .—In the case of a hearing officer’s report under subsection (c) on the preliminary review of a claim al-leging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A), the hearing officer shall trans-mit the report to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of such an act by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); or ‘‘(2) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of such an act by a Sen-ator.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTING HEARING  A
FTER PRELIMINARY REVIEW .—Section 405(a) (2 U.S.C. 1405(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR HEARINGS TO COM-
MENCE IN OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) H
EARING REQUIRED UPON REQUEST .—If, not later than 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of a claim under section 403(c), a covered em-ployee submits a request to the Executive Director for a hearing under this section, the Executive Director shall appoint an inde-pendent hearing officer pursuant to sub-section (c) to consider the claim and render a decision, and a hearing shall be com-menced in the Office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to the claim if— ‘‘(A) the hearing officer’s report on the pre-liminary review of the claim under section 403(c) includes the determination that the in-dividual filing the claim is not a covered em-ployee who has stated a claim for which re-lief may be granted under this title (as de-scribed in section 403(d)); or ‘‘(B) the covered employee files a civil ac-tion as provided in section 408 with respect to the claim.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON-
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON-
DUCTING HEARING .—Section 405(c) (2 U.S.C. 1405(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON -
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON -
DUCTING HEARING .—The Executive Director may not appoint a hearing officer to conduct a hearing under this section with respect to a claim if the hearing officer conducted the preliminary review with respect to the claim under section 403.’’. (d) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF HEAR-
ING; PERMITTING ADDITIONAL TIME.—Section 405(d) (2 U.S.C. 1405(d)) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) commenced no later than 90 days after the Executive Director receives the covered employee’s request for the hearing under subsection (a), except that, upon mutual agreement of the parties or for good cause, the Office shall extend the time for com-mencing a hearing for not more than an ad-ditional 30 days; and’’. (e) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RE-
LATING TO HEARINGS CONDUCTED BY OFFICE OF  C
ONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS .—Section 405 (2 U.S.C. 1405) is amended as follows: (1) In the heading, by striking ‘‘
COMPLAINT  
AND’’. (2) In subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘request for a hearing under subsection (a)’’. (3) In subsection (d) in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (4) In subsection (g), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (f) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 414 (2 U.S.C. 1414) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF COMPLAINTS ’’. (g) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents, as amended by section 101(e), is further amended as follows: (1) By inserting after the item relating to section 402 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 403. Preliminary review of claims.’’. (2) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 405 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 405. Hearing.’’. (3) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 414 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 414. Settlement.’’. 
SEC. 104. AVAILABILITY OF MEDIATION DURING PROCESS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(a) (2 U.S.C. 1403(a)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING MEDIATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—Upon receipt of a claim under section 402, the Office shall no-tify the covered employee who filed the claim about the process for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon trans-mission to the employing office of the claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Office shall notify the employing office about the proc-ess for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(2) I
NITIATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), either the cov-ered employee who filed a claim under sec-tion 402 or the employing office named in the claim may file a request for mediation with the Office, which shall promptly notify the other party. If the other party agrees to the request, the Office shall promptly assign a mediator to the claim, and conduct medi-ation under this section. ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A covered employee or an employing office may file a request for medi-ation under subparagraph (A) during the pe-riod beginning on the date that the covered employee or employing office, respectively, receives a notification under paragraph (1) regarding a claim under section 402 and end-ing on the date on which a hearing officer issues a written decision relating to the claim under section 405(g) or the covered em-ployee files a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, as ap-plicable. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO REQUEST OR ACCEPT MEDI -
ATION TO HAVE NO EFFECT ON TREATMENT OF  
CLAIM .—The failure of a party to request me-diation under this section with respect to a claim, or the failure of a party to agree to a request for mediation under this section, may not be taken into consideration under any procedure under this title with respect to the claim, including a preliminary review under section 403, a formal hearing under section 405, or a civil action under section 408.’’. (b) R
EQUIRING PARTIES TO BESEPARATED  D
URING MEDIATION AT REQUEST OF EM-
PLOYEE .—Section 404(b)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1403(b)(2)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking ‘‘meetings with the parties separately or jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘meetings with the parties during which, at the request of any of the parties, the parties shall be separated,’’. (c) P
ERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(c) (2 U.S.C. 1403(c)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking the first 2 sen-tences and inserting the following: ‘‘The me-diation period shall be 30 days, beginning on the first day after the second party agrees to the request for the mediation. The mediation period may be extended for one additional period of 30 days at the joint request of the covered employee and employing office. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7543 December 13, 2018 
which mediation has been agreed to in this section, that has not already passed by the first day of the mediation period, shall be stayed during the mediation period.’’. Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
SEC. 111. REQUIRING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO REIMBURSE TREASURY FOR AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS AND AWARDS IN CASES OF ACTS BY MEMBERS. 
(a) M ANDATING REIMBURSEMENT OF  A
MOUNTS PAID.—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS OF AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS  
ANDAWARDS .— ‘‘(1) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (D), if a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in subparagraph (C) committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, the individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of the award or set-tlement for the claim involved. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS .—In the case of an award made pursuant to a decision of a hearing of-ficer under section 405, or a court in a civil action, subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the hearing officer or court makes a separate finding that a violation described in subpara-graph (C) occurred which was committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, and such individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of compensatory damages included in the award as would be available if awarded under section 1977A(b)(3) of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a(b)(3)) irrespective of the size of the employing office. In the case of a set-tlement for a claim described in section 416(d)(3), subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the conditions specified in section 416(d)(3) for requesting reimbursement are met. ‘‘(C) V
IOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(D) M
ULTIPLE CLAIMS .—If an award or set-tlement is made for multiple claims, some of which do not require reimbursement under this subsection, the individual described in subparagraph (A) shall only be required to reimburse for the amount (referred to in this Act as the ‘reimbursable portion’) that is— ‘‘(i) described in subparagraph (A), subject to subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) included in the portion of the award or settlement attributable to a claim requir-ing reimbursement. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING AMOUNTS FROM COM -
PENSATION .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF TIMETABLE AND  
PROCEDURES BY COMMITTEES .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (B), the appli-cable Committee shall establish a timetable and procedures for the withholding of amounts from the compensation of an indi-vidual who is a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives or a Senator. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The payroll administrator shall withhold from an individual’s com-pensation and transfer to the account de-scribed in subsection (a) (after making any deposit required under section 8432(f) of title 5, United States Code) such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account de-scribed in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) if the individual has not re-imbursed the account as required under paragraph (1) prior to the expiration of the 90-day period which begins on the date a pay-ment is made from the account for such an award or settlement. ‘‘(C) APPLICABLE COMMITTEE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘applicable Com-mittee’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Member of the House; or ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate, in the case of an indi-vidual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Senator. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF AMOUNTS IN THRIFT SAVINGS  
FUND AS SOURCE OF REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, by the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has not reimbursed the ac-count for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), withholding and transfers of amounts shall continue under paragraph (2) if the individual remains employed in the same position, and the Exec-utive Director of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board shall make a trans-fer described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) T
RANSFERS .—The transfer by such Ex-ecutive Director is a transfer, from the ac-count of the individual in the Thrift Savings Fund to the account described in subsection (a), of an amount equal to the amount of that reimbursable portion of the award or settlement, reduced by— ‘‘(i) any amount the individual has reim-bursed, taking into account any amounts withheld under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) if the individual remains employed in the same position, any amount that the indi-vidual is scheduled to reimburse, taking into account any amounts to be withheld under the individual’s timetable under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) I
NITIATION OF TRANSFER .—Notwith- standing section 8435 of title 5, United States Code, the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall make the transfer under subparagraph (A) upon receipt of a written request to the Executive Director from the Secretary of the Treasury, in the form and manner required by the Executive Director. ‘‘(D) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN PAYROLL AD -
MINISTRATOR AND THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— The payroll administrator and the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall carry out this paragraph in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under this para-graph, in accordance with regulations pro-mulgated by the Board under section 303 and such Executive Director. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE WAGE GARNISHMENT OR  
OTHER COLLECTION OF WAGES FROM A SUBSE -
QUENT POSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO GARNISHMENT  
OR OTHER COLLECTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), the individual— ‘‘(i) has not reimbursed the account for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), through withholdings or transfers under paragraphs (2) and (3); ‘‘(ii) is not serving in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator; and ‘‘(iii) is employed in a subsequent non-Fed-eral position. ‘‘(B) GARNISHMENT OR OTHER COLLECTION OF  
WAGES .—On the expiration of that 270-day pe-riod, the amount of the reimbursable portion of an award or settlement described in para-graph (1) (reduced by any amount the indi-vidual has reimbursed, taking into account any amounts withheld or transferred under paragraph (2) or (3)) shall be treated as a claim of the United States and transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for collection. Upon that transfer, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collect the claim, in accord-ance with section 3711 of title 31, United States Code, including by administrative wage garnishment of the wages of the indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) from the position described in subparagraph (A)(iii). The Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the collected amount to the account described in subsection (a). ‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION TO OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT AND SECRETARY OF THE TREAS -
URY.— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO ANNUITY OR SO -
CIAL SECURITY WITHHOLDING .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the individual— ‘‘(i) has not served in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator during the preceding 90 days; and ‘‘(ii) is not employed in a subsequent non- Federal position. ‘‘(B) A
NNUITY OR SOCIAL SECURITY WITH -
HOLDING .—If, at any time after the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the in-dividual described in subparagraph (A) has not reimbursed the account described in sub-section (a) for the entire reimbursable por-tion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) (as determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury), through withholdings, transfers, or collections under paragraphs (2) through (4), the Secretary of the Treasury (after consultation with the payroll administrator)— ‘‘(i) shall notify the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, who shall take such actions as the Director considers appro-priate to withhold from any annuity payable to the individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the remainder of the reimbursable portion of an award or settle-ment described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) shall (if necessary), notwithstanding section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407), take such actions as the Sec-retary of the Treasury considers appropriate to withhold from any payment to the indi-vidual under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account for the remainder of the reim-bursable portion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN OPM AND  
TREASURY .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out paragraph (5) in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under such paragraph, in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7544 December 13, 2018 
regulations promulgated by the Director and the Secretary. ‘‘(7) C
ERTIFICATION .—Once the Executive Director determines that an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has reimbursed the account described in subsection (a) for the entire re-imbursable portion, the Executive Director shall prepare a certification that the indi-vidual has completed that reimbursement, and submit the certification to— ‘‘(A) the Committees on House Administra-tion and Ethics of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); and ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Senator. ‘‘(8) R
IGHT TO INTERVENE .—An individual who is subject to a reimbursement require-ment of this subsection shall have the un-conditional right to intervene in any medi-ation, hearing, or civil action under this title to protect the interests of the indi-vidual in the determination of whether an award or settlement described in paragraph (1) should be made, and the amount of any such award or settlement, except that noth-ing in this paragraph may be construed to require the covered employee who filed the claim to be deposed by counsel for the indi-vidual in a deposition that is separate from any other deposition taken from the em-ployee in connection with the hearing or civil action. ‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL POSITION .—The term ‘non-Federal position’ means a position other than the position of an employee, as defined in section 2105(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) P
AYROLL ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘payroll administrator’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of an individual who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Of-ficer to carry out this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is a Senator, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Sec-retary to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8437(e)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘an obligation of the Executive Director to make a transfer under section 415(d)(3) of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(d)(3)),’’ before ‘‘or an obligation’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to claims made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. AUTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES-SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN CLAIMS ALLEGING VIOLATIONS OF CON-GRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND SENIOR STAFF. 
Section 416(e) (2 U.S.C. 1416(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEE OF DISPOSITIONS OF  C
LAIMS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
ANDSENIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(1) R
EFERRAL .—Upon the final disposition under this title (as described in paragraph (6)) of a claim alleging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or by a senior staff of the House of Representatives or Senate, the Executive Director shall refer the claim to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a Member or senior staff of the House; or ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of a Senator or senior staff of the Senate. ‘‘(2) ACCESS TO RECORDS AND INFORMA -
TION.—If the Executive Director refers a claim to a Committee under paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall provide the Committee with access to the records of any preliminary reviews, hearings, or decisions of the hearing officers and the Board under this Act, and any information relating to an award or settlement paid, in response to such claim. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW BY SENATE ETHICS COMMITTEE  
OF SETTLEMENTS OF CERTAIN CLAIMS .—After the receipt of a settlement agreement for a claim that includes an allegation of a viola-tion described in section 415(d)(1)(C) com-mitted personally by a Senator, the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 90 days after that re-ceipt, review the settlement agreement; ‘‘(B) determine whether an investigation of the claim is warranted; and ‘‘(C) if the Select Committee determines, after the investigation, that the claim that resulted in the settlement involved an actual violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by the Senator, then the Select Committee shall notify the Exec-utive Director to request the reimbursement described in section 415(d) and include the settlement in the report required by section 301(l). ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report with respect to the claim, the Com-mittee shall ensure that the report does not directly disclose the identity or position of the individual who filed the claim. ‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO PROTECT  
IDENTITY OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report as described in paragraph (4) con-cerning a Member of the House of Represent-atives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or a senior staff of the House of Representa-tives or Senate, the Committee may make an appropriate redaction to the information or data included in the report if the Chair-man and Vice Chairman of the Committee reach agreement— ‘‘(i) that including the information or data considered for redaction may lead to the un-intentional disclosure of the identity or posi-tion of a claimant; and ‘‘(ii) on the precise information or data to be redacted. ‘‘(B) N
OTATION AND STATEMENT .—The re- port including any such redaction shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the pur-pose of avoiding such an unintentional dis-closure of the identity or position of a claim-ant. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF REPORTS .—The Com-mittee making a redaction in accordance with this paragraph shall retain a copy of the report, without a redaction. ‘‘(6) F
INAL DISPOSITION DESCRIBED .—In this subsection, the ‘final disposition’ of a claim means any of the following: ‘‘(A) An order or agreement to pay an award or settlement, including an agreement reached pursuant to mediation under section 404. ‘‘(B) A final decision of a hearing officer under section 405(g) that is no longer subject to review by the Board under section 406. ‘‘(C) A final decision of the Board under section 406(e) that is no longer subject to ap-peal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit under section 407. ‘‘(D) A final decision in a civil action under section 408 that is no longer subject to ap-peal. ‘‘(7) SENIOR STAFF DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘senior staff’ means any in-dividual who, at the time a violation oc-curred, was required to file a report under title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 113. AVAILABILITY OF REMOTE WORK AS-SIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 417. OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT .—At the re-quest of a covered employee who files a claim alleging a violation of part A of title II by the covered employee’s employing of-fice, during the pendency of any of the proce-dures available under this title for consider-ation of the claim, the employing office may permit the covered employee to carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a re-mote location (referred to in this section as ‘permitting a remote work assignment’) where such relocation would have the effect of materially reducing interactions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation, instead of from a location of the employing office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR WORK ASSIGNMENTS RE -
QUIRED TO BE CARRIED OUT ONSITE .—If, in the determination of the covered employee’s em-ploying office, a covered employee who makes a request under this subsection can-not carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a remote location or such relocation would not have the effect described in para-graph (1), the employing office may during the pendency of the procedures described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; ‘‘(B) permit a remote work assignment and grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; or ‘‘(C) make another workplace adjustment, or permit a remote work assignment, that would have the effect of reducing inter-actions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
NSURING NO RETALIATION .—An em- ploying office may not grant a covered em-ployee’s request under this subsection in a manner which would constitute a violation of section 207. ‘‘(4) N
O IMPACT ON VACATION OR PERSONAL  
LEAVE .—In granting leave for a paid leave of absence under this section, an employing of-fice shall not require the covered employee to substitute, for that leave, any of the ac-crued paid vacation or personal leave of the covered employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ARRANGEMENTS SUB-
JECT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that it is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of any collective bargaining agreement which is in effect with respect to an employing office.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title IV the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7545 December 13, 2018 
‘‘Sec. 417. Option to request remote work as-signment or paid leave of ab-sence during pendency of proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF RULES ON CON-FIDENTIALITY OF PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) M EDIATION .—Section 416(b) (2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All medi-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘All information dis-cussed or disclosed in the course of any me-diation’’. (b) C
LAIMS .—Section 416 (2 U.S.C. 1416), as amended by section 112 and subsection (a) of this section, is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (a) through (e), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a covered employee from disclosing the factual allegations un-derlying the covered employee’s claim, or to prohibit an employing office from disclosing the factual allegations underlying the em-ploying office’s defense to the claim, in the course of any proceeding under this title.’’. 
SEC. 115. REIMBURSEMENT BY OTHER EMPLOY-ING OFFICES OF LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRING REIMBURSEMENT .—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415), as amended by section 111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY EMPLOYING OF-
FICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF PAYMENTS MADE FROM  
ACCOUNT .—As soon as practicable after the Executive Director is made aware that a payment of an award or settlement under this Act has been made from the account de-scribed in subsection (a) in connection with a claim alleging a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) by an employing office (other than an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or an employing office of the Senate), the Executive Director shall notify the head of the employing office that the payment has been made, and shall include in the notification a statement of the amount of the payment. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY OFFICE .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a notification from the Executive Director under paragraph (1), the head of the employing office involved shall transfer to the account described in subsection (a), out of any funds available for operating expenses of the office, a payment equal to the amount specified in the notifi-cation. ‘‘(3) T
IMETABLE AND PROCEDURES FOR REIM -
BURSEMENT .—The head of an employing of-fice shall transfer a payment under para-graph (2) in accordance with such timetable and procedures as may be established under regulations promulgated by the Office.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to payments made under section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415) for claims filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS 
SEC. 201. REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SETTLE-MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIRING SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
OF REPORTS .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(3), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘claim’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) ANNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the rules issued by the applicable committee pursuant to paragraph (2): ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Office shall pre-pare and submit to Congress, and publish on the public website of the Office, an annual report regarding payments from the account described in section 415(a) that were the re-sult of claims alleging a violation of part A of title II (referred to in this subsection as ‘covered payments’). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—The reporting required under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) for a covered payment, or the reim-bursable portion of a covered payment, de-scribed in paragraph (2), conform to the re-quirements of the rules issued by the appli-cable committee under such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) for a covered payment, or the portion of a covered payment, not described in para-graph (2)— ‘‘(I) include the amount of the covered pay-ment or portion of the covered payment and information on the employing office in-volved; and ‘‘(II) identify each provision of part A of title II that was the subject of a claim re-sulting in the covered payment or portion of the covered payment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING PERIODS AND DATES .—The reporting required under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) for 2019, shall be submitted by the 60th day after the date on which the committees described in paragraph (2) issue the rules de-scribed in paragraph (2) and shall reflect cov-ered payments made in calendar year 2019; and ‘‘(ii) for 2020 and each subsequent calendar year, shall be submitted by January 31 of that year and shall reflect covered payments made in the previous calendar year. ‘‘(2) R
ULES REGARDING REPORTING OF COV -
ERED PAYMENTS FOR EMPLOYING OFFICES OF  
THE HOUSE AND EMPLOYING OFFICES OF THE  
SENATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall each issue rules estab-lishing the content, format, and other re-quirements for the reporting required under paragraph (1)(B)(i) with respect to— ‘‘(i) any covered payment made for claims involving an employing office described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sec-tion 101(a)(9) of the House of Representatives or of the Senate, respectively; and ‘‘(ii) the reimbursable portion of any such covered payment for which there is a finding requiring reimbursement under section 415(d)(1)(B) from a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, respectively. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The rules issued under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) by the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) of the House; and ‘‘(ii) by the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in subparagraph (A)(i) of the Senate. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF IDENTITY OF INDIVID -
UALS RECEIVING AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS .— In preparing, submitting, and publishing the reports required under paragraph (1), the Of-fice shall ensure that the identity or position of any claimant is not disclosed. ‘‘(4) AUTHORITY TO PROTECT THE IDENTITY  
OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (3), the Executive Director, in con-sultation with the Board, may make an ap-propriate redaction to the data included in the report described in paragraph (1) if the Executive Director, in consultation with the Board, determines that including the data considered for redaction may lead to the identity or position of a claimant uninten-tionally being disclosed. The report shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the purpose of avoiding such an unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Executive Di-rector shall retain a copy of the report de-scribed in paragraph (1), without redactions. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘claimant’ means an individual who re-ceived an award or settlement, or who made an allegation of a violation against an em-ploying office, under part A of title II.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1)(B) shall take effect on January 1, 2019. (b) R
EPORT ON AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY  P
AID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on the Office’s public website a report on all payments made with public funds (to include funds paid from the ac-count described in section 415(a) of the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(a)), an account of the House of Representatives or Senate, or any other ac-count of the Federal Government) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act for awards and settlements in connection with violations of section 201(a) of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)), or section 207 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1317), and shall include in the report the fol-lowing information: (A) The amount paid for each such award or settlement. (B) The source of the public funds used for the award or settlement. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IDEN -
TIFICATION OF HOUSE AND SENATE ACCOUNTS .— Nothing in paragraph (1)(B) may be con-strued to require or permit the Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights to report the account of any specific office of the House of Representatives or Senate as the source of funds used for an award or settlement. (c) R
ULEMAKING POWERS .—Section 501 (2 U.S.C. 1431) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, section 301(l),’’ before ‘‘and 304(c)’’. 
SEC. 202. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EM-PLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING SURVEYS .—Title III (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 307. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO CONDUCT SECURE SUR-
VEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Office shall conduct a secure survey of employing offices under this Act regarding the workplace environment of such offices. Employee responses to the sur-vey shall be voluntary. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON  S
EXUAL HARASSMENT .—In each survey con-ducted under this section, the Office shall survey respondents on attitudes regarding sexual harassment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7546 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(c) M ETHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall conduct each survey under this section in accordance with methodologies established by the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Under the meth-odologies established under paragraph (1), all responses to all portions of the survey shall be anonymous and confidential, and each re-spondent shall be told throughout the survey that all responses shall be anonymous and confidential. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY FORM .—The Office shall limit the use of any information code or informa-tion on the survey form that makes a re-spondent to the survey, or the respondent’s employing office, individually identifiable. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF RESULTS OF SURVEYS .—The Of- fice shall furnish the information obtained from the surveys conducted under this sec-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOMMITTEES .—The Office shall carry out this section, including establishment of methodologies and proce-dures under subsection (c), in consultation with the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 307. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices.’’. 
SEC. 203. RECORD RETENTION. 
Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by section 201(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) R
ECORD RETENTION .—The Office shall establish and maintain a program for the permanent retention of its records, including the records of preliminary reviews, medi-ations, hearings, and other proceedings con-ducted under title IV.’’. 
SEC. 204. CONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS. 
Section 302 (2 U.S.C. 1382) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Executive Director shall— ‘‘(A) appoint, and fix the compensation of, and may remove, 1 or more confidential ad-visors to carry out the duties described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) designate 1 or more employees of the Office to serve as a confidential advisor. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under para-graph (1) shall offer to provide to covered employees described in paragraph (4) the services described in subparagraph (B), which a covered employee may accept or de-cline. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES .—The services referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the employ-ee’s rights under this Act; ‘‘(ii) consulting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, with a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding— ‘‘(I) the roles, responsibilities, and author-ity of the Office; and ‘‘(II) the relative merits of securing private counsel, designating a non-attorney rep-resentative, or proceeding without represen-tation for proceedings before the Office; ‘‘(iii) advising and consulting with, on a privileged and confidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding any claims the covered employee may have under title IV, the factual allega-tions that support each such claim, and the relative merits of the procedural options available to the employee for each such claim; ‘‘(iv) assisting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who seeks consideration under title IV of an alle-gation of a violation of part A of title II in understanding the procedures, and the sig-nificance of the procedures, described in title IV, including— ‘‘(I) assisting or consulting with the cov-ered employee regarding the drafting of a claim to be filed under section 402(a); and ‘‘(II) consulting with the covered employee regarding the procedural options available to the covered employee after a claim is filed, and the relative merits of each option; and ‘‘(v) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the option of pursuing, in appropriate circumstances, a complaint with the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate. ‘‘(C) CONTINUITY OF SERVICE .—Once a cov-ered employee has accepted and received any services offered under this section from a confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1), any other services re-quested under this subsection by the covered employee shall be provided, to the extent practicable, by the same confidential advi-sor. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A confidential advi-sor appointed or designated under paragraph (1) shall be a lawyer who— ‘‘(A) is admitted to practice before, and is in good standing with, the bar of a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or a territory of the United States; and ‘‘(B) has experience representing clients in cases involving the workplace laws incor-porated by part A of title II. ‘‘(4) I
NDIVIDUALS COVERED .—The services described in paragraph (2) are available to any covered employee (which, for purposes of this subsection, shall include any staff mem-ber described in section 201(d) and any former covered employee (including any such former staff member)), except that— ‘‘(A) a former covered employee may only request such services if the practice that may be a violation of part A of title II oc-curred during the employment or service of the employee; and ‘‘(B) a covered employee described in this paragraph may only request such services before the expiration of the 180-day period described in section 402(d). ‘‘(5) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall not act as the designated rep-resentative for any covered employee in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding, including any pro-ceeding under this Act, any judicial pro-ceeding, or any proceeding before any com-mittee of Congress; ‘‘(B) shall not offer or provide services de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) to a covered em-ployee if the covered employee has des-ignated an attorney representative in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding under this Act, ex-cept that a confidential advisor may provide general assistance and information to such attorney representative regarding this Act and the role of the Office as the confidential advisor determines appropriate; and ‘‘(C) shall not serve as a mediator in any mediation conducted pursuant to section 404.’’. SEC. 205. GAO STUDY OF MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a), and shall include in the report such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improve-ments to the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
SEC. 206. GAO AUDIT OF CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the audit conducted under subsection (a), and shall include in the report such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS 
SEC. 301. APPLICATION OF GENETIC INFORMA-TION NONDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2008. 
Section 102 (2 U.S.C. 1302) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) G
ENETIC INFORMATION NONDISCRIMINA -
TION ACT OF 2008.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of section 201(a)(1) shall be considered to apply to a vio-lation of title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), consistent with section 207(c) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2000ff–6(c)). ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) N
O LIMITATION ON OTHER LAWS .—Noth- ing in this section limits the provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of a law described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) O
THER LAWS .—A law described in this subparagraph is a law (even if not listed in subsection (a) or this subsection) that explic-itly applies one or more provisions of this Act to a violation.’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION TO UNPAID STAFF OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS AGAINST EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 201 (2 U.S.C. 1311) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION TO UNPAID STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to— ‘‘(A) any staff member of an employing of-fice who carries out official duties of the em-ploying office but who is not paid by the em-ploying office for carrying out such duties (referred to in this subsection as an ‘unpaid staff member’), including an intern, an indi-vidual detailed to an employing office, and an individual participating in a fellowship program, in the same manner and to the same extent as such subsections apply with respect to a covered employee; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7547 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) a former unpaid staff member, if the act that may be a violation of subsection (a) occurred during the service of the former un-paid staffer for the employing office. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) may be construed to extend li-ability for a violation of subsection (a) to an employing office on the basis of an action taken by any person who is not under the su-pervision or control of the employing office. ‘‘(3) I
NTERN DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intern’ means an indi-vidual who performs service for an employ-ing office which is uncompensated by the United States to earn credit awarded by an educational institution or to learn a trade or occupation, and includes any individual par-ticipating in a page program operated by any House of Congress.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION RELATING TO OF-
FICE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISBURSEMENT OF PAY 
TOHOUSE EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(7) (2 U.S.C. 1301(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘dis-bursed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ and inserting ‘‘disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 303. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF LI-BRARY OF CONGRESS VISITORS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION .—Section 210 (2 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES RELATING TO  R
IGHTS TO PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS FOR LIBRARY VISITORS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LIBRARY VISITOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘Library visitor’ means an individual who is eligible to bring a claim for a violation under title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (other than a violation for which the exclu-sive remedy is under section 201) against the Library of Congress. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Library visitor who alleges a violation of subsection (b) by the Library of Congress may, subject to subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) file a charge against the Library of Congress under subsection (d); or ‘‘(ii) use the remedies and procedures set forth in section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16), as provided under section 510 (other than paragraph (5)) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12209). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A Library visitor that has initiated proceedings under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) may elect to change and initiate a proceeding under the other clause— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Library visitor who first filed a charge pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i), before the General Counsel files a complaint under subsection (d)(3); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a Library visitor who first initiated a proceeding under subpara-graph (A)(ii), before the Library visitor re-quests a hearing under the procedures of the Library of Congress described in such sub-paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 210(d)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1331(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 403’’ and inserting ‘‘section 404’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if such amendments were included in the enactment of section 153 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115-141), and shall apply as specified in section 153(c) of such Act. SEC. 304. NOTICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING EMPLOYING OFFICES TO POST N
OTICES .—Part E of title II (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 226. NOTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Every employing office shall post and keep posted (in conspicuous places upon its premises where notices to covered employees are customarily posted) a notice provided by the Office that— ‘‘(1) describes the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to covered employees of the employing office under this Act, con-cerning violations described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) includes contact information for the Office. ‘‘(b) V
IOLATIONS .—A violation described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) discrimination prohibited by section 201(a) (including, in accordance with section 102(c), discrimination prohibited by title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.)) or 206(a); and ‘‘(2) a violation of section 207 that is re-lated to discrimination described in para-graph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to part E of title II the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 226. Notices.’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-PLOYEES OF HELSINKI AND CHINA COMMISSIONS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301), as amended by section 302(b), is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as otherwise’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as other-wise’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-
PLOYEES OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OVERAGE .—With respect to the China Review Commission, the Congressional-Exec-utive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) any individual who is an employee of such Commission shall be considered a cov-ered employee for purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(B) the Commission shall be considered an employing office for purposes of this Act. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE LEGAL ASSIST -
ANCE AND REPRESENTATION .—Subject to para-graph (3), legal assistance and representation under this Act, including assistance and rep-resentation with respect to the proposal or acceptance of the disposition of a claim under this Act, shall be provided to the China Review Commission, the Congres-sional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) by the Office of House Employment Counsel of the House of Representatives, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Member of the House, and in the case of as-sistance and representation in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV re-lated to the initial claim where the subse-quent claim involves the same parties; or ‘‘(B) by the Office of Senate Chief Counsel for Employment of the Senate, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Senator, and in the case of assistance and representa-tion in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV related to the initial claim where the subsequent claim involves the same parties. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘China Review Commission’ means the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission established under section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as enacted into law by section 1 of Public Law 106–398; ‘‘(B) the term ‘Congressional-Executive China Commission’ means the Congres-sional–Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China established under title III of the U.S.–China Relations Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–286; 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.); and ‘‘(C) the term ‘Helsinki Commission’ means the Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe established under the Act entitled ‘An Act to establish a Commis-sion on Security and Cooperation in Europe’, approved June 3, 1976 (Public Law 94–304; 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.).’’. (b) C
OVERAGE OF STENNIS CENTER .— (1) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYEES AS COVERED  
EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(a)(3) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (I); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CENTER AS EMPLOYING OF -
FICE.—Section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Office of Technology Assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Office of Tech-nology Assessment, and the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and De-velopment’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 101(a) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)) are each amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (C) through (I)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (C) through (K)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF OTHER EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND IM-
PLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 509 as section 510; and (2) by inserting after section 508 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 509. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND  I
MPLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Each employing of-fice shall develop and implement a program to train and educate covered employees of the office in the rights and protections pro-vided under this Act, including the proce-dures available under title IV to consider al-leged violations of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each Congress (begin-ning with the One Hundred Seventeenth Con-gress), each employing office shall submit a report to the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate on the implementation of the program required under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, each employing of-fice shall submit the report described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7548 December 13, 2018 
paragraph (1) to the Committees described in such paragraph. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR OFFICES OF CON-
GRESS .—This section does not apply to an employing office of the House of Representa-tives or an employing office of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 509 as relating to section 510; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 508 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 509. Training and education programs of employing offices.’’. 
SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 306(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating section 510 as section 511; and (2) by inserting after section 509, as in-serted by section 306(a), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 510. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All covered employees whose location of employment is outside of the Washington, DC area (referred to in this section as ‘out-of-area covered employees’) shall have equitable access to the resources and services provided by the Office and under this Act as is provided to covered employees who work in the Washington, DC area. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE  R
IGHTS .—The Office shall— ‘‘(1) establish a method by which out-of- area covered employees may communicate securely with the Office, which shall include an option for real-time audiovisual commu-nication; and ‘‘(2) provide guidance to employing offices regarding how each office can facilitate equi-table access to the resources and services provided under this Act for its out-of-area covered employees, including information re-garding the communication methods de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYING OFFICES .—It is the sense of Congress that each employing office with out-of-area covered employees should use its best efforts to facilitate equitable access to the resources and services provided under this Act for those employees.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents, as amended by section 306(b), is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 510 as relating to section 511; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 509, as inserted by section 306(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 510. Support for out-of-area covered employees.’’. 
SEC. 308. RENAMING OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE AS OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS. 
(a) R ENAMING .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OF-
FICE OF COMPLIANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE  
OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended by section 305(a), is further amend-ed as follows: (1) In section 101(a)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (2) In section 101(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (3) In section 101(a)(3)(H) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)(H)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (4) In section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (5) In section 101(a)(10) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (6) In section 101(a)(11) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(11)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (7) In section 101(a)(12) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(12)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (8) In section 210(a)(9) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)(9)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (9) In section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (10) In section 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (11) In the title heading of title III, by striking ‘‘OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’. (12) In section 304(c)(4) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(4)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (13) In section 304(c)(5) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(5)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to the heading of title III to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE III—OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’; 
AND (2) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 301 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 301. Establishment of Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE; REFERENCES IN OTHER  L
AWS, R ULES , AND REGULATIONS .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any reference to the Office of Compli-ance in any law, rule, regulation, or other of-ficial paper in effect as of such date shall be considered to refer and apply to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 401. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
OEFFECT ON PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect any proceeding or payment of an award or settle-ment relating to a claim under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) which is pending as of the date after that 180-day period. If, as of that date, an employee has begun any of the proceedings under that title that were avail-able to the employee prior to that date, the employee may complete, or initiate and complete, all such proceedings, and such pro-ceedings shall remain in effect with respect to, and provide the exclusive proceedings for, the claim involved until the completion of all such proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, with-out losing my right to the floor, I yield to the distinguished Senator from Min-nesota for remarks on the matter we just moved. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I thank the chairman. I wanted to speak for a minute to thank Senator B
LUNT for his work on the bill. This is a bill that fundamen-tally changes the way sexual harass-ment cases are handled in the Senate and in the House. The process we have will now protect victims of harassment instead of protecting politicians. This was the work of many people. I thank Leader M
CCONNELL and Senator S
CHUMER , as well as the House leaders. I thank Senators G
ILLIBRAND , MURRAY , C
ORTEZ MASTO , CAPITO , and F ISCHER  from the Committee on Rules. And there are so many staff members I will thank later when we do additional speeches. This was something we had to get done by the end of the year. Getting rid of that cooling-off period, getting rid of a lot of the Byzantine way these cases were being handled—this is going to be better for victims. I am proud the Sen-ate has come together on a bipartisan basis to get this bill done. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
S.J. RES. 54 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I commend my two friends, the Senator from Missouri and the Senator from Minnesota, for what they have done. I am going to speak briefly about S.J. Res. 54. It would remove U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities either in or affecting the country of Yemen—ex-cept those forces engaged in operations directed at al-Qaeda or associated forces—unless and until a declaration of war or specific authorization for such use of U.S. Armed Forces has been enacted. I commend my distinguished friend from Vermont, Senator S
ANDERS , for the leadership and perseverance he has shown on this issue. He has rightly in-sisted that the Congress, which alone has the power to declare war, act in re-sponse to the humanitarian catas-trophe in Yemen—a catastrophe, we have to acknowledge, that the United States shares responsibility for causing as a result of our support for the Saudi military. The Saudi military, by any objective measure, is guilty of war crimes in Yemen, and it is long past time for us to say: enough. International outrage over this issue has been building steadily as the num-ber of civilian casualties in Yemen— one of the world’s poorest countries— has swollen into the thousands as a re-sult of Saudi Arabia’s intervention and ongoing aerial bombardment. We have all seen the photographs of the dead and the dying, of children who are nothing but skin and bones. Some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.003 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7549 December 13, 2018 
85,000 children have starved to death— 85,000 children—and another 13 million Yemenis civilians are at risk of starva-tion, according to the United Nations. Of course, the Houthis and the Ira-nians who support them share the blame for the death and destruction in Yemen, but we are not supporting them. We are not sharing intelligence with the Houthis and the Iranians or providing targeting assistance. We are not selling them weapons. That is what we are doing for the Saudis. This joint resolution is about more than that. As if the kidnapping of the Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri, the blockade of Qatar, the imprisonment of Saudi women’s rights activists, and the carnage in Yemen were not enough, the outrage toward Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman finally boiled over with the horrific, premeditated murder of Jamal Khashoggi—a re-spected journalist who dared to criti-cize the royal family. Mr. Khashoggi’s murder by Saudi Government agents at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul and the blatant lies by top officials in Saudi Arabia who tried to cover it up exposed the depth of the depravity of the Saudi royal family. I have spoken about that despicable crime multiple times already so I will not repeat what I have said, but we know the Saudi royal family is still lying about who was involved. We also know that since long before murdering Mr. Khashoggi, the Saudi Government has had a sordid history of abducting, imprisoning, and executing dissidents and others after sham trials that vio-late international law. The vote today on S.J. Res. 54 is the Senate’s first response to the Saudi royal family and to the Trump admin-istration. The disaster in Yemen is so appalling, and the murder of Jamal Khashoggi was so wicked, so repulsive, that no amount of money, no amount of oil, and no amount of lies can ob-scure it. The Trump administration lobbied hard against this resolution, warning that despite the Saudi royal family’s many misdeeds, the U.S.-Saudi rela-tionship is too important to risk. No one is seeking to sever relations with Saudi Arabia. Far more important is that the United States, which is a great country, stands for the truth, for justice, for the laws of war, and that we don’t stand by when a whole society of impoverished, innocent people is being destroyed or when top officials of an-other government—whether ally or ad-versary—conspire to murder a jour-nalist or dissident and lie about it. We have to make clear, the United States is not for sale, our integrity is not for sale. If the Saudi royal family hopes to salvage its tattered reputa-tion and its relations with the United States, it will need to take far more de-cisive action to end the war in Yemen and bring to justice all those respon-sible, at the highest level, for mur-dering Jamal Khashoggi. Mr. President, my distinguished col-league and dear friend is here to seek the floor, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Arizona. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I wish to begin by noting that had the people of Arizona and America been truly lucky, my mother or father would have served in the U.S. House of Representatives and in the Senate. Everything I know about what matters most in life I learned first at their dinner table. For many reasons—they were otherwise preoccupied raising and feeding 11 chil-dren, working the land, running cattle to keep the F-Bar business going, and serving their church and community daily, and in too many other ways to count—my parents were too meaning-fully occupied in life to detour to something that can be so frivolous as politics. So you got their son instead. I rise to say, it has been the honor of my life to represent my home, Arizona, in the U.S. Senate and, before that, in the House of Representatives; that is, it has been the honor of my life after being Dean and Nerita’s son, Cheryl’s husband, and Ryan’s, Alexis’s, Aus-tin’s, Tanner’s, and Dallin’s father. Through 18 years in Washington, our kids grew up thinking it was normal to have their faces plastered on campaign signs along the roadside when cam-paigns rolled around. They were dragged to countless fundraisers and campaign events. They were used to having their dad join them, sort of, with a choreographed wave on C–SPAN at dinnertime. They spent summers in Washington catching fireflies and voting with their dad on the House floor. They served as interns and congressional pages. Much of it they enjoyed, some of it they en-dured, but through all of it, they were not just good sports but were extraor-dinarily understanding and supportive. And Cheryl—well, Cheryl is the rock upon which our family is built. Her strength, equanimity, endless patience and love—her good humor even when congressional life was not always funny, and her belief, when disbelief would have been perfectly reasonable— these are but a few of the long list of things that leave me simply awestruck by my wife. I think all of us who presume to hold these positions owe someone who loves us a debt we can never ever repay. If they cannot be repaid, they can at least be properly recognized—Cheryl, that girl I met on a beach so long ago, our wonderful children, my brothers, my sisters, our extended families. John McCain often joked that the only way I ever got elected to anything was because of my hundreds of siblings and thousands of cousins. Well, the truth hurts, I reckon; Senator McCain just may have been on to something there. It was my honor to serve with him, as it has been my honor to serve with Senator K
YL. Today I am filled with gratitude— gratitude for the privilege of loving and being loved by those people I men-tioned and of serving the State and the country I love as well; grateful beyond measure and luckier than I deserve to be. I leave here grateful and optimistic. I will always treasure the friendships that began here and the kindness shown to me and my family by all of you, my colleagues. I will forever cher-ish the work of our country that we were able to do together. From the bot-tom of my heart, I thank you all. As I stand here today, I am opti-mistic about the future, but my opti-mism is due more to the country my parents gave to me than it is due to the present condition of our civic life. We, of course, are testing the institution of American liberty in ways that none of us ever imagined we would and in ways we probably never should again. My colleagues, to say that our politics is not healthy is somewhat of an under-statement. I believe we all know well that this is not a normal time and that the threats to our democracy from within and without are real, and none of us can say with confidence how the situation we now find ourselves in will turn out. Over the past 2 years, I have spoken a great deal on the subject from this Chamber, and there will be time enough later to return to it in other settings, but in the time I have here today, and with your indulgence, I in-stead wish to speak somewhat more personally. As the authoritarian impulse re-asserts itself globally, and global com-mitment to democracy seems to now be on somewhat shaky ground, I have been thinking a lot recently about the American commitment to democracy— where it comes from and how, if the circumstances were right, it might slip away. This got me thinking back to when I was a much younger man and had the privilege of witnessing the birth of a new democracy in Africa. When I was about half the age I am now, for my church mission, I went to South Africa and Zimbabwe. I fell in love with the people in these countries. When Cheryl and I were drawn back to Southern Africa a few years later for a job, we were in Windhoek, Namibia, in February of 1990, at the very mo-ment that much of the world enslaved by totalitarianism was throwing off its shackles, and the free world that the United States had led since World War II was growing exponentially. The Soviet Union was in a glorious free fall, shedding republics seemingly by the day, and Eastern Europe was squinting out into the light of libera-tion for the first time in 40 years. Free markets and free minds were sweeping the world. Freedom was breaking out in the Southern Hemisphere as well. The country where I was sitting that very morning was itself only days old. In November of 1989—the same week the Berlin Wall came down—Namibia held its first election as an independent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.016 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7550 December 13, 2018 
nation, freed from the apartheid ad-ministration in South Africa. This had come to pass in no small part because of leadership from the United States, through the United Nations. Just days earlier, an awe-inspiring document had been drafted only a few blocks away from where I sat in Windhoek—a new democracy’s found-ing Constitution, the inspiration for which had been the marvel of free peo-ple everywhere and those who aspire to be free: the U.S. Constitution. At the time, I was in Africa working for the Foundation for Democracy, try-ing to ensure that Namibia emerged from the process of gaining its inde-pendence as a democratic country. In my role at the foundation, I evangel-ized for democracy and democratic val-ues, the benefits of which had been a given for me for my entire life. I can safely say, though, that I learned more about democracy from the lives of those around me who as-pired to it than those who experienced it as a birthright. As I sat there in the brandnew Afri-can democracy, I read the speech that the playwright and new President of a newly democratic Czechoslovakia, Vaclav Havel, had just delivered before a joint session of the U.S. Congress, right across the way in the House Chamber. Havel, who had much of the previous decade in a Communist dun-geon and whose last arrest as a dis-sident had been mere months before, was quite astonished to find himself president of anything, much less a country of his oppressors. I sat there in Africa and read Havel’s speech—an encomium to democracy, a love letter to America, literary and in-spiring—and I was overcome by his words. There is nothing quite like the sensation of having someone who has been stripped of everything but his dig-nity reflecting the ideals of your own country back at you in such a way that you see them more clearly than ever before and maybe for the first time. In some ways, that man knows your coun-try better than you know it yourself. I can only imagine how surreal it must have felt for Havel as he stood be-fore the entire Congress, the Presi-dent’s Cabinet, the diplomatic corps, Joint Chiefs of Staff assembled before him in the House Chamber of our Cap-itol Building, with the Vice President and Speaker of the House behind him, all standing in a sustained ovation, a deep respect from the oldest democracy in the world to the newest, whose lead-er had been a political prisoner just a season earlier. Havel soberly poured out his grati-tude to the United States for the sac-rifice our country had made in liber-ating Europe once again and for the moral example of its leadership around the world in opposing the Soviet Union, ‘‘the country,’’ he said, ‘‘that rightly gave people nightmares.’’ Havel’s awed appreciation for the values that too many of us might take for granted brought home to me, an American in my midtwenties sitting there in Africa, the power of the Amer-ican example to the whole world and the humbling responsibilities that come with that power. It is no exag-geration to say that Havel’s disquisi-tion on democracy before Congress that day in 1990 was a turning point in my civic education. Havel similarly called out to the whole world from Washington on that day in 1990, with grace and without rancor, but for one mistaken prophecy, which to me now reads as tragic, espe-cially in the context of the here and now. At the time, as the wall fell and the Soviet bloc that had been encased in Stalinism thawed, it was vogue among some historians, scholars, and others to declare ‘‘the end of history’’—that the big questions had been settled, that liberal democracy was triumphal and inexorable, and that the decline of the impulse to enslave whole countries was also inexorable. Freedom had won, it was said, and forever. The historian Francis Fukuyama, who had coined ‘‘the end of history’’ in an essay a year before, was much in de-mand, and it was likely that Havel would have been inspired by the fervor, which might explain this passage from his speech. He said: 
I often hear the question: How can the United States of America help us today? My reply is as paradoxical as my whole life has been. You can help us most of all if you help the Soviet Union on its irreversible but im-mensely complicated road to democracy. 
Of course, history was not over. The road to democracy is not irreversible— not in Moscow, not in America, not anywhere. After erecting a Potemkin village for democracy for an agonizing decade or so, the Russians thrust forward a strongman amid the chaos, a strongman who was determined to re-assemble the pieces of a broken empire, in the process strangling Russian de-mocracy in its cradle. Vladimir Putin would go on to be President, and he is President still, and just as he hijacked democracy in his own country, he is determined to do so everywhere. Denial of this reality will not make it any less real. This is something that is staring us in the face, right now, as we are gathered here today. As we in America—during this mo-ment of political dysfunction and up-heaval—contemplate the hard-won con-ventions and norms of democracy, we must continually remind ourselves that none of this is permanent, that it must be fought for continually. Civilization and the victories of free-dom—history itself—are not a matter of once achieved, always safe. Vaclav Havel lived this. The lovers of democracy I met in Na-mibia lived this. Our children, whose rights and prerogatives have never been in doubt, are for the most part un-aware of it. But we are being power-fully reminded just how delicate all of it is right now. The stability of tested alliances, the steadiness of comportment, and the consistency of words and deeds sum up the best of water’s-edge postwar Amer-ican consensus on foreign policy. It might seem that all of this has lately been tossed around like pieces on a board, but it is important to re-member that we have seen such tumult before, and it is the genius of the archi-tects of our liberty that we withstand it and emerge the stronger for it. What struck me in Namibia that day with such force and has stayed with me ever since is how vital a beacon the United States is and has always been to the peoples of the world—both to those who are already free and those who still suffer tyranny. It is a solemn obligation that we have as Americans. Let us recognize from this place here today that the shadow of tyranny is once again envel-oping parts of the globe, and let us rec-ognize as authoritarianism reasserts itself in country after country that we are by no means immune. I stand here today, recognizing that I have had the good fortune during my time in the Senate to have been sur-rounded by supremely smart and dedi-cated staff, some of whom have worked for me for my entire 18 years in Wash-ington. My chiefs of staff—Steve Voeller, Margaret Klessig, Matt Specht, Chan-dler Morse, and Roland Foster have ably supervised a legislative team that included over the years people like Col-leen Donnelly, Helen Heiden, Chuck Podalak, Kris Kiefer, Sarah Towles, Emily Nelson, Brian Canfield, Blake Tonn, Flaka Ismaili, Chance Ham-mock, Matt Sifert, Colin Timmerman, Melanie Lehnhardt, Hannah Grady, Brian Kennedy, Katie Jackson, James Layne, Andrea Jones, Kunal Parikh, Gary Burnett, Michael Fragoso, and so many others who drafted substantive legislation and consequential amend-ments that have been signed into law. My schedulers, office managers, and press shop have been asked to explain a lot over the years, including my pench-ant for marooning myself on deserted islands, sometimes with people like Senator M
ARTIN HEINRICH , or forced to explain why I had been chased by ele-phants in Mozambique with Senator C
HRIS COONS —people like Celeste Gold, Meagan Shepherd, Caroline Celley, Megan Runyan, Christine Chucri, Mi-chael Christifulli, Jacob McMeekin, Jason Samuels, Brownyn Lance, Liz Jones, Dan Mintz, Krista Winward, Jonathan Felts, Elizabeth Berry, and many more. They have kept me largely out of controversy, if not out of elevators, during my entire time in office. Dedicated caseworkers in my State offices have helped countless Arizonans with matters of immigration to vet-erans’ issues to Social Security. I am frequently stopped, as I am sure many of my colleagues are, in airports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.018 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7551 December 13, 2018 
and grocery stores and thanked for the good work done by my staff. Thank you to Buchanan Davis, Mary Baumbach, Julie Katsel, Melissa Mar-tin, Mike Nelson, Jeremy Thompson, Michael Vargas, Chris Stoller, Bob Brubaker, Blake Farnsworth, Chelsea Lett, Elizabeth Bustamante-Lopez, and so many others for such dedicated con-stituent work over the years. To all who have served in my office: I will miss your wise counsel but, most of all, your friendship. Thank you. I would also like to say a word of thanks to the institutional officers who serve the Senate so ably: the clerks, Parliamentarians, the floor staff, the pages, the Sergeant at Arms and his employees, and the Capitol Po-lice, who keep us safe here in the Cap-itol and at times on distant baseball fields. I quite literally owe my life to them. Thank you. As I give this last speech from the Chamber, I cannot help but look to my maiden speech I gave here just 6 years ago. In it I talked about how 12 newly elected Senate freshmen in 2012 were invited to the National Archives and taken to the legislative vault, where we viewed the original signed copy of the first bill ever enacted by Congress, as well as other landmark pieces of leg-islation and memorabilia. Oaths of al-legiance signed by Revolutionary War soldiers, witnessed by General Wash-ington, documents and artifacts re-lated to the Civil War, segregation, women’s suffrage, and the civil rights movement were also on hand. I noted that it was an affirmation to me of the tumultuous seas through which our ship of state has sailed for more than 200 years, with many bril-liant and inspired individuals at the helm, along with personalities ranging from mediocre to malevolent. But our system of government has survived them all. I also noted then and I will echo today that serious challenges lie ahead, but any honest reckoning of our his-tory and our prospects will note that we have survived more daunting chal-lenges than we now face. Ours is a du-rable, resilient system of government, designed to withstand the foibles of those who sometimes occupy these Halls, including yours truly. So as I start a new chapter in the coming weeks, I am grateful most of all for the privilege of having served with all of you here. It is my sincere hope that those in this body will always remember the words of Lincoln who said: ‘‘We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last best hope of Earth.’’ The way forward, he said, ‘‘is plain, peaceful, generous, just—a way which, if followed, the world will forever applaud and God will forever bless.’’ I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF FLAKE  
Mr. KYL. Mr. President, I would like to make just a couple of comments on my friend’s having left the Senate and with respect to the remarks that he just made. The Senate has had some very good people over the years, and currently, but none have been more principled than my friend from Arizona, JEFF F
LAKE . It started for us to see when he was a Member of House of Representatives and at first singlehandedly fought in-appropriate earmarks. He even man-aged to get himself appointed to the Appropriations Committee for a while so that he could carry on his crusade from within. In the end, he was suc-cessful. I was pleased to support him as my successor to the U.S. Senate. He has his priorities right: faith, family, and country. He has spoken about both his faith and his family here. Not very many of us have the oppor-tunity to serve from a town named after our own family, and that is how far Senator F
LAKE ’s roots go back in the State of Arizona. He has spoken, not just today but on earlier occasions, from his heart about things that he sees need improvement here in the U.S. Senate. I think we are all aware of the things of which he speaks, and it has been appropriate for him to do so because, as he pointed out, in order for us to be a beacon to others around the world in support of liberty, individual freedom, we have to demonstrate how it can be practiced right here in the United States of America. We would all like to leave this place better than we found it, and it is not easy to do, but Senator F
LAKE has tried his best. He also spoke about our democratic republic and our focus on individual liberty and how that has had an impact around the world and how others have tried to emulate what we do here. These are universal principles that we need to focus on. What he has reminded us of here today is that freedom is not free, and each day we all have to do our part from wherever we sit to ensure that future generations will enjoy the kind of freedom that we have had, and that starts with our representatives in the U.S. Government. It was a fitting subject for a farewell address, and wise counsel was given, as always. I want to salute my colleague J
EFF F
LAKE as a person, though, as much as a public servant and Senator. He em-bodies what is right about the people of the United States of America. As I said, he has his priorities right, and he has been willing to serve based upon those priorities. I wish him and his family all the best in their next endeavors. I know because of his dedication to this country and the principles in which he believes that his service will not end at the end of his time here in the U.S. Senate, and we will all be beneficiaries of that. So to my friend and colleague J
EFF F
LAKE , Godspeed. I appreciate your re-marks today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am proud to stand before you today to honor my dear friend and colleague, Senator FLAKE of Arizona, and to pay tribute to his remarkable work here in the Senate as this optimistic evan-gelist of democracy. I have been asked a fair amount in recent weeks about my friendship with J
EFF—with Senator F LAKE —whose po-litical beliefs differ very widely from my own. Yes, Senator F
LAKE is a staunch conservative, and if you took a score card of the things on which we have voted the same or believe the same, there would not be a ton of over-lap. But he is also a patriot. He is a pa-triot who deeply loves our country and is willing to work across the aisle to stand up for the values and principles that have made our Nation the great-est on this Earth. Our friendship stems from a founda-tion in similar experiences and similar worldviews formed at the same time. We are almost exactly the same age. As you heard in his remarkable fare-well address, time spent in Namibia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa as a young man truly shaped him and his view of the United States and our place in the world. At just about the same time, I was spending time in Kenya and South Africa having very similar expe-riences. This period in our young lives shaped our sense that this democracy is special, is important, is worth fight-ing for, and requires greater sacrifice of us than might be obvious here in the comforts of the United States. Because of these shared experiences, we understand the ways—when our de-mocracy is dysfunctional, when the world sees gridlock, especially today, especially on the continent we have both come to know and love in Africa— that there are competing models for how to organize a society that is rising in their visibility and their confronta-tion and their competition with our own. We know democracy matters, and believe we have to fight for it. We respect each other and listen to each other, and over the years, I have been blessed to have the chance for us to work together. In a time marked by division and partisanship, Senator F
LAKE rightfully recognizes that we need to get back to a time when com-promise was rewarded rather than pun-ished, when we worked together to do what is right rather than what is po-litically expedient. Senator F
LAKE has spent his career doing just that, unafraid to stand up for what is right—even when it is hard, even when it is inconvenient, even when it might go against President or party. He deeply respects our rule of law and has been willing to take risks for it. He worked toward broad bipartisan immigration reform and stood up for the independence of the Federal Re-serve. He has helped to pass legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.019 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7552 December 13, 2018 
to promote free and fair elections and political and economic reforms in Zimbabwe, where we have both trav-eled together twice, as well as to a dozen other countries. He has come and stood on this floor time and again to demand a vote on legislation to protect the special coun-sel and to prevent an imminent con-stitutional crisis. He has taken risks and opened his heart in a way deter-mined to help us come together rather than be torn apart, and for that, I am eternally grateful. Whether meeting personally with world leaders or fighting for the people of Arizona here on the Senate floor or advocating for new policies in com-mittee, Senator F
LAKE ’s courage and his convictions have always been evi-dent. His service as a Senator stands as a model and a challenge for many of us in this Chamber. I look back fondly on our 6 years serving together. I was chair of the Af-rica Subcommittee of the Foreign Re-lations Committee when he first ar-rived, and he succeeded me in that role. That has given us opportunities to flee from elephants in Mozambique, to dine with dictators in Zimbabwe and else-where, and to advance democracy on continents we have come to know and love. This year alone, we have been to nearly a dozen countries as we have tried in a bipartisan way to advance America’s interests in places around the world where other models of gov-ernance are on the march. His leader-ship, his engagement, his deep respect and admiration for the people of Africa will be sorely missed in this Chamber and impossible to replace. For me, personally, I will miss his humor, his friendship, his kindness, and his leadership. I know him as a de-cent, earnest, and kind man and a great husband and father, who loves nothing more than his talented wife Cheryl and his children, Tanner, Dallin, Austin, Alexis, and Ryan. He has also been blessed with a very tal-ented staff who have worked tirelessly and been great partners in legislation and in service. My high view of his character comes, I will remind you, in this divided context, despite dif-ferences in our States and back-grounds, divergent voting records and different specific faith backgrounds. But all of that is wrapped up in a shared commitment to evangelize for democracy. Despite our differences, I believe Sen-ator F
LAKE has exemplified how Wash-ington and this Senate should work, particularly when it comes to respect-ing each other, holding true to our core values and principles, and defending them here and around the world, yet listening to each other and being will-ing to trust each other. I only wish I had the blessing of Sen-ator F
LAKE ’s partnership in this Cham-ber for 6 more years, but it gives me hope thinking of the impact he will un-doubtedly have on our country and world in the years to come. I know he has so much more good left to do, and I look forward to supporting him in whatever path he chooses to accom-plish that goal. I want to close with some words Sen-ator FLAKE spoke on this floor more than 1 year ago in announcing his deci-sion to retire rather than seek reelec-tion. He said: 
[T]o have a healthy government, we must have healthy and functioning parties. We must respect each other again in an atmos-phere of shared facts and shared values, com-ity, and good faith. We must argue our posi-tions fervently and never be afraid to com-promise. We must assume the best of our fel-low man and always look for the good. Until that day comes, we must be unafraid to stand up and speak out as if our country de-pends on it because it does. 
Senator F LAKE , thank you. Thank you for being unafraid to speak out for what is right, what is true, and what is just, and to risk friendship with this junior Senator from a much smaller State on the other side of the con-tinent. Thank you for your service and your friendship. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to be here this morning to join my colleagues in saluting the public service of our friend Senator J
EFF F
LAKE . In his remarkable book, ‘‘The Con-science of a Conservative,’’ Senator J
EFF FLAKE offered these words that apply to both sides of the aisle and across the political spectrum. Rather than constantly pursuing partisan ad-vantage, he wrote, ‘‘the better path al-ways is to break out of rigid ideolog-ical thinking, to listen to reasoned ar-guments on both sides, and to use your best judgment.’’ Reason and courage have defined Senator F
LAKE ’s 18 years in Congress— 12 in the House of Representatives and 6 here in the Senate. Throughout these years of service, he has always been knowledgeable, insightful, and dedi-cated to America and its values. It has been a privilege to work close-ly with him on many vital issues. Sen-ator F
LAKE has always been willing to take on the most difficult challenges and offer constructive solutions, as his work on immigration reform dem-onstrates. As my colleague from Dela-ware has said, he is unafraid. He will take on any challenge, no matter the consequences. As chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, I have appreciated his commitment to the well-being, safety, and security of seniors across the Na-tion and in his beloved home State of Arizona. Senator F
LAKE was especially helpful in our committee’s examina-tion of international criminal cartels that were using unsuspecting American seniors as drug ‘‘mules’’ to smuggle narcotics across international borders, not realizing the cargo that they were carrying. Senator F
LAKE has been an out-standing leader on the Foreign Rela-tions Committee as chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy. His firsthand knowledge of issues from his early mission work in South Africa and Zimbabwe has helped to guide his efforts. I was proud to have been a cosponsor of a bill he authored with Senator COONS to com-bat the wildlife trafficking crisis, which became law in 2016. In fact, it was on a congressional trip that I first met my friend J
EFFFLAKE , and I re-member thinking that he was so fas-cinating. He knew so many things of which I had very little knowledge. He talked about his time in Africa, and I will always remember—and this will bring a smile to his lips as well— when he told me that the words for de-scribing it being very cold outside were the equivalent of a phrase that sounded like ‘‘buy a coat.’’ I am sure I ruined the pronunciation, but he is nodding affirmatively. I always loved that and will remember that little vignette. When Senator F
LAKE announced last year that he would not seek re-elec-tion, he offered these words on the Sen-ate floor: ‘‘We must respect each other again in an atmosphere of shared facts and shared values, comity and good faith. We must argue our positions fervently and never be afraid to compromise. We must assume the best of our fellow man and always look for the good. I think it is significant that those words resonated both with the Senator from Delaware and with me, and I am sure with many others. Senator J
EFFFLAKE always gave his best, and he always helped us to find the good. I join my colleagues in wish-ing him, Cheryl, and his family well, and in expecting many more contribu-tions from this leader of many gifts and determined principles. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
S.J. RES. 54 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, there has been a long conversation about Yemen. Yemen is in a civil war. It has been a brutal civil war. There have been a lot of civilians killed and a lot of damage done to the country’s interior. Of the 30 million people who are liv-ing in Yemen, 22 million, currently, need humanitarian assistance. We have over 8 million people who are what is called ‘‘at risk’’ of severe starvation. It has the largest cholera outbreak in the world right now, and its currency has plummeted in value. We have over 2 million people inside the country who have been internally displaced. They, literally, can’t live in their homes be-cause the war is around their homes, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.021 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7553 December 13, 2018 
and they have had to flee from those spots—2 million people. It is a terrible situation. Yet, while this body is arguing about supporting or not supporting the Saudis—should we be around it or should we not be around it?—our Am-bassador, the leadership of the U.N., and our U.S. military—which this body is arguing we shouldn’t engage to help—are currently putting people at the negotiating table in Sweden. For the past week, our military, which this body is saying shouldn’t be engaged, has actually been the prime mover in getting all of the same players to the table to negotiate. In just the last few hours, the Sec-retary General of the U.N., along with the rebel leadership and the legitimate leadership of Yemen in the civil war, have stepped out to make major an-nouncements. The first major an-nouncement they just released within the last hour was that they have com-mitted to halting fighting around the seaport so that humanitarian assist-ance can get in. The Houthis have, actually, domi-nated the seaport and taken all of the income from the seaport to finance their fighters. Their weapons are com-ing from Iran, and their income is com-ing from the port because they have taken the port over. Now the U.N. is going to run the port. That is a dra-matic shift. Revenues from the seaport will be deposited into a central bank so that the rightful government, when this is all resolved, will actually give the revenue back to the people of Yemen. There will be a release in fight-ing—a pull-out in the major city around the seaport there. They have agreed that they are going to have a secondary meeting next month in order to work out the final details to actu-ally shut this down. So while this body is arguing about whose side we should take—the Ira-nians’ or the Saudis’—and that is real-ly what the body is arguing about—we are, actually, actively pushing the players to the table to resolve this. This is the worst possible moment for this body to start arguing about whose side we should be on. I am fully aware that the Saudis’ humanitarian history is deplorable. The whole world praises them because they now allow women to drive. I mean, we are in that bad of a humanitarian situation and of a human rights situation in Saudi Arabia. I am fully aware of the murder of Khashoggi and am fully aware of what they have done in other areas, but the Saudis have also been the only entity to give humanitarian aid to Yemen in order to help assist this. The United States, by far, is the larg-est donor to what is going on in the hu-manitarian crisis in Yemen, but the civil war is not our problem. This is a proxy fight between Saudi Arabia and Iran that is being fought right on Saudi Arabia’s southern border in Yemen. We shouldn’t take sides in this other than to stand up against Iran’s aggression as it has moved into Iraq, as Iran has moved into Syria, and as Iran has moved into Lebanon. We don’t want to see Iran dominate the entire region and destabilize the region, but we do want to bring peace to this re-gion. So what should we do in this situa-tion? I think we should speak with a very clear voice about the human rights vio-lations of Saudi Arabia and call Saudi Arabia out to be a part of the civilized world, but I think punishing the inno-cent civilian casualties in Yemen is the wrong way to do it. We should speak out on the issue of Khashoggi, and we should speak out on human rights in the entire region. We should stand up and ask: What can we do to stop the fighting and protect the civilians there? The best thing we can do is to be engaged with the Saudis but not in selecting targets and not in re-fueling their jets—we have already stopped all of that—but in being a pres-ence there. As Americans, we forget that most of the world does not try to protect civil-ians in battles like we do. Most of the world just carpet bombs and destroys and burns down cities. Do you want a good example of where America is not present? Look at Syria right now and at the year after year of barrel bombs, of chemical weapons—Americans are out; we are not advising—and at the destruction that is happening to the ci-vilians. If we want to see even more of that in Yemen, then let’s back this out en-tirely. If we want to give Iran the upper hand in the peace negotiations that are happening right now, then let’s tell them through this body that we don’t support the Saudis anymore but that we support the Iranians, who started this civil war in Yemen. The best thing we can do is to give the peace negotiations the opportunity to finish and to go well; to support, in every way that we can, the protection of civilians in that region; and to make sure that we are assisting with our ad-vice on how to protect them and how to move forward. That is the best thing we can do—not argue about whether we are going to pull out or not pull out or engage in Yemen or not engage. Let me be clear. Yemen is not our fight. That civil war is not our fight. Yet, in the ungoverned spaces of Yemen, there is a group called al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula. They use those ungoverned spaces and use the cover of the civil war to actively re-cruit worldwide. The most aggressive part of al-Qaida that is directly pointed at the United States in planning at-tacks, in orchestrating attacks, in put-ting out information for lone-wolf indi-viduals all over the world on how to conduct attacks on airlines or in cities or in bus terminals originates from al- Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen. So while the civil war off to the west is not our fight, though we do want to protect civilians and get them humani-tarian aid—and we are helping with that—it is absolutely our fight to take it to al-Qaida in the Arabian Penin-sula. Hadi, the rightful leader of Yemen, has given us the authority to take the fight to the terrorists there in his own country because he doesn’t want al-Qaida in his country either. As long as we are working with Hadi as the rightful leader—he is giving us the go-head to fight against al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, and we should for our own security. So I understand the politics of this, and I understand the messaging saying that we shouldn’t have all of these things and painting this picture of us pulling out of Yemen for humanitarian reasons. But the fact is, the humani-tarian assistance is going in because we are there. The fact is, we are help-ing reduce civilian casualties in that area, not increasing them. The fact is, the terrorist group al-Qaida in the Ara-bian Peninsula—the most aggressive group against us from al-Qaida—lives right there in Yemen, and we should be able to take the fight to them before they bring it to us again. These are difficult issues. There is no simple solution to any of these, and I get that. It is a very messy civil war. But the last thing we should do is just pretend our disengagement protects ci-vilians. It does not. I have a unanimous consent request that is coming up that is currently in conversation to try to figure how out to bring it to the floor. I see there are some other speakers here on the floor who are ready to speak. I would like to yield the floor to others who want to speak and then speak again in a mo-ment on a unanimous consent request. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the pending resolution to end U.S support for the Saudi-led coalition’s military action in Yemen and to reiterate my previous calls for our country to respond more clearly, more forcefully, and with moral purpose to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi by holding the Saudi Gov-ernment accountable at the highest levels. 
BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS ACT  
Mr. President, before my remarks on this resolution, I want to speak about another important matter before the Senate, and that is the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, which I urge my colleagues to take up and pass in this Congress. I thank Senator G
ILLIBRAND and a number of other leaders for their work on this bill. I have cosponsored it, along with more than 50 of my Senate colleagues. This important legislation would en-sure that thousands of Navy veterans exposed to Agent Orange during the Vietnam war, and their families, are able to receive the benefits they have earned. When our soldiers signed up to serve, we made a promise to provide them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.023 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7554 December 13, 2018 
with the healthcare and benefits they deserve when they return home. The men and women who have served our country on the frontlines should not return home to find themselves left waiting at the end of the line and left waiting to get the healthcare they need or the benefits they have earned. This bipartisan legislation has al-ready passed the House of Representa-tives. It is time for us in the Senate to do the same and maintain our commit-ment to our veterans. I do want to thank the Presiding Of-ficer for the work we are doing to-gether in a somewhat related area, and that is the area of burn pits—a modern- day version of what many of our sol-diers experienced during the Vietnam war with Agent Orange. We have some-thing going on right now where our sol-diers who were stationed next to these major, expansive burn pits have come home sick. It is the same principle as Agent Orange. I thank the Presiding Officer for his support for the bipartisan bill we are leading given that we have many good veterans from both Alaska and Min-nesota who have come home with health problems. 
S.J. RES. 54 
Mr. President, turning to the pending matter, I would like to join those of my colleagues who have spoken in sup-port of this bipartisan resolution. I have come to the floor before on this issue because it is so important. It is time for Congress to speak with a clear voice in opposition to U.S. sup-port for the Saudi-led coalition’s oper-ations in Yemen. We must make clear that we will not turn a blind eye to ci-vilian casualties, as well as the ongo-ing humanitarian crisis that continues to devastate the country of Yemen and its people. With this resolution, we can end U.S. support for the Saudi-led military ac-tion in Yemen. This is an important step. It demonstrates that Congress will perform its constitutional duty in authorizing military action and de-manding that our policies and actions are consistent with our values. In light of the bipartisan support for this resolution, which, of course, in-cludes Senator S
ANDERS and Senator L
EE—I would also mention that former Senator Franken from Minnesota had been involved in this as a leader when he served in the Senate—the adminis-tration should more forcefully advo-cate for a meaningful political process to end the fighting. Following the war in Yemen and the horrific murder of Mr. Jamal Khashoggi, I am concerned that this administration lacks a comprehensive strategy for dealing with Saudi Arabia. I have also been deeply concerned that the President continues to ignore human rights violations, the suppres-sion of dissent, and the deaths of thou-sands of civilians in Yemen in order to maintain good relations with the Saudis. Yes, we have an important alli-ance with Saudi Arabia and an impor-tant trade relationship, but that doesn’t mean that you don’t stand up when you see the kind of horror we have seen in Yemen and when you see the kinds of human rights violations we have seen in the death of Mr. Khashoggi. Look no further than how the Presi-dent has repeatedly dismissed his own intelligence community’s assessment of the murder. This is after reports have made clear that the CIA believes with high confidence that this murder was called for at the highest levels of the Saudi Government, by the Crown Prince. His response stands in stark contrast to the founding principles of our democracy. If the President refuses to defend these values, then Congress must. This is not who we are as a country. So I call on my colleagues to join me— and I am so glad we have bipartisan support for this resolution—in defend-ing our values. But this is not all we should do. I support the comprehen-sive, bipartisan legislation introduced to ensure effective oversight of the U.S. policy on Yemen and demand meaningful accountability from the Saudi Government. This legislation in-cludes provisions to suspend weapons sales to Saudi Arabia and impose man-datory sanctions on people involved in the death of Mr. Khashoggi. While I support the recent decision to support U.S. aerial refueling—a deci-sion of the administration—for Saudi coalition aircraft, as well as the sanc-tions that the administration imposed on 17 Saudi officials, this falls far short of the forceful response that our demo-cratic values require. In addition, I have previously voted to limit arms sales to Saudi Arabia, and I will continue to oppose the sale of certain weapons—particularly offen-sive weapons—to the Kingdom. These are steps that we can and should take. While there is no question that we have common interests with Saudi Arabia and that Saudi Arabia has been our partner, these facts do not require our country to completely sac-rifice our values. The civil war in Yemen has now raged on for almost 4 years, resulting in widespread destruction in the coun-try and one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world. More than 22 mil-lion people—half of them children—are in need of assistance, and 8 million peo-ple in the country are on the brink of starvation. The country’s sanitation system, electrical system, and other critical infrastructure have been de-stroyed, leading to the most serious cholera outbreak in half a century. The ongoing violence has hindered the de-livery of lifesaving humanitarian aid, including food and medicine. Finding a peaceful resolution to the conflict is both a humanitarian imper-ative and critical to stability on the Arabian Peninsula. The United States has a long history of being a global leader in providing humanitarian aid, and we cannot just stand by and put our heads in the sand as this crisis continues. Our response to the fighting and the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen must dem-onstrate that U.S. foreign policy and global leadership will always be rooted in our values. It must show that we will not overlook violations of human rights, whether by Saudi Arabia or by Houthi rebels in Yemen. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this very important resolu-tion and to really show the administra-tion, to show the country, and to show the world that this Congress is actu-ally fulfilling its obligations and con-stitutional duties. This is a very im-portant moment for the U.S. Senate. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The Senate minority leader. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I rise today to address the saddest and one of the most depressing issues of the moment, and that is the drug epidemic that faces America. The reality of this drug epidemic is felt in every corner of this country. There is no suburb too wealthy, no town too small, no place in this coun-try that hasn’t been touched by the opioid and heroin epidemic. The Centers for Disease Control put out a statement this morning that is important for us to truly understand this drug epidemic. What the Centers for Disease Control said is that fentanyl has become the deadliest drug in the United States. On Wednesday, they reported that fentanyl was in-volved in more deadly drug overdoses in 2016 than any other drug. There was a total of 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016, with fentanyl found to be involved in nearly 29 percent of those cases. By comparison, fentanyl was involved in only 4 percent of drug fatalities just 7 years ago—in 2011. That year, oxycodone ranked first; it was involved in 13 percent. Lawmakers are struggling to deal with the sweeping opioid epidemic, and the CDC data shows that the problem goes further than the overprescription of opioid drugs. From 2011 to 2016, cocaine consist-ently ranked second or third. During the study period, the age-adjusted rate of drug overdose deaths involving her-oin more than tripled, as did the rate of drug overdose deaths involving methamphetamine. Why do I bring up this issue of fentanyl? Because if you are discussing border security in America, you are talking about a number of things. You are talking about those who would as-sault our borders for a variety of rea-sons. You are talking about people who present themselves at our borders for a variety of reasons. Let me try to make several conces-sions here that I think both parties agree with. First, America needs border security. We cannot allow every person in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.024 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7555 December 13, 2018 
world who wishes to come to this coun-try entry into this country. Second, we know people are trying to ship into this country things that are deadly and items that are contraband, that should not be part of America. Third, we don’t want anyone who is dangerous outside of our country to knowingly come into this country. Those who are here undocumented, if they are dangerous to our country, should be removed. I hope that you would agree there is unanimous consensus on those three points. The third point I am going to make and not dwell on at this moment is the fact that our immigration legal system is in shambles. It is awful. We cur-rently are placing in tent camps on the border with Mexico hundreds and hun-dreds of children because of a cir-cumstance created by this administra-tion, which is almost impossible to un-derstand or to explain. But I want to focus specifically on fentanyl—on this drug fentanyl, which the CDC has told us is the deadliest drug in America today, overwhelm-ingly the deadliest drug in America today. Where does it come from? Much of the production is in China, but it is produced in other places. Much of it transits into the United States across that Mexican border. So when we talk about border security and stopping the drug epidemic in America, let’s be hon-est about it. Building a wall from one side of the United States to the other does not stop the flow of fentanyl into our country. Fentanyl is coming in through ports of entry—openings, legal openings—in the wall. We heard yesterday from the experts that some 80 percent of the drugs that flow into the United States from Mex-ico come through our ports of entry. They are not putting them in backpacks and storming across the desert at night, trying to come across the Rio Grande. That may be a part of some effort, but when it comes to the deadliest of drugs coming into the United States, they are coming through our ports of entry. What can we do about it? Well, the interesting thing we can do about it is to look at the obvious. I asked one of the experts, a Mr. McAleenan, who is with the Customs and Border Protec-tion system—he does this for a living. I asked him last year: If I gave you a blank check and said ‘‘Make our bor-ders safer with Mexico,’’ what would you spend it on? He said two things immediately: technology and personnel. That makes sense. I said: Give me an idea of the kind of technology you think would make America safer. He said: There is something called a Z-Portal. I had never heard the term before. A Z-Portal is a scanning device; if you drive a car or a truck across our bor-der, it scans it, x rays it, and can tell basically what is inside. If you are try-ing to smuggle people in the back of a semitruck, it will show it. If you have firearms, it will show it. It will show contraband that is not supposed to be part of the declared shipment that is coming into the United States. Doesn’t it sound like a good idea to try to make sure that anything enter-ing this country has been scanned? Well, it turns out that 98 percent of the railroad cars that come into the United States are scanned. That is good news. I wish it were 100 percent, but 98 percent is good. What percentage of other vehicles coming into the United States are scanned currently? Eighteen percent. Fewer than one out of five vehicles are scanned. I asked Mr. McAleenan, when he ap-peared before our Judiciary Committee this week: Why not more? He said: Well, we need to buy more technology. We need to buy more scan-ners so that we can spot those who are trying to ship people or contraband or drugs into the United States. I said: Well, I looked at President Trump’s request for your Agency, and he asked for $44 million for scanners. What would it take, Mr. McAleenan, to have scanners to make sure that all of the vehicles coming into the United States are scanned? He gave me the number: $300 million. That is a lot of money. But when you consider the cost of our drug epidemic and the deadly results of that drug epi-demic, it is not a lot of money. And when you put it to the idea of a $5 bil-lion wall, it is laughable that this ad-ministration is insisting on a medieval wall as opposed to the technology that lets us look inside the vehicles that are shipping these deadly drugs into the United States and killing people in our country. That is the reality of what we face today. I would say to this President: Don’t shut this government down over border security; make smart border security choices. Listen to your professionals. Put aside your campaign speeches about ‘‘a wall from sea to shining sea’’ and listen to the professionals who will tell you, Mr. President, as they edu-cated me, that there are better ways to keep America safe than to build a god- awful wall. Walls can be overcome by ladders and tunnels underneath, but this tech-nology we are talking about is inescap-able. When you bring your vehicle through these scanning devices, we know a lot more about what you are trying to do. And while we are on the subject, the hearing yesterday was about Mexican drug cartels. Some of the things that were told to us in that Judiciary Com-mittee hearing were stunning. They es-timate that the current economic ac-tivity of the Mexican drug cartels is part of a transnational network whose global revenue exceeds the gross do-mestic product of Mexico. What they are doing in creating this narcotic trade and exporting is now surpassing the entire Mexican economy’s produc-tion of goods and services. Breath-taking, isn’t it? And it turns out that 10 years ago, we identified Mexican drug cartels as our greatest criminal threat at that time, and it still is today. How do they do it? How do they produce so much narcotics in Mexico at our expense? Well, certainly the answer is obvious: We pay for the drugs. Amer-ican dollars flow back into Mexico so that the cartels can keep in business, and something else flows back into Mexico: guns from America. Seventy percent of the crime guns that were seized in Mexico—70 percent of them had come from the United States. How did they get across the border? Well, first, it is not legal to export guns across that border. Secondly, it turns out they buy them the same way they buy them in the Midwest and come to Chicago to shoot up our streets. They go to gun shows where there are no background checks, and they buy these guns in volume, and they surrep-titiously ship them across the border to the Mexican drug cartels. So it is a circle. The narcotics come here; the money and the weapons go from here back to Mexico. That circle is growing in size and in intensity. So I asked an obvious question: Do we check on the vehicles that are southbound out of the United States, headed down to Mexico? The answer is almost not at all. How are we going to deal with this drug epidemic and how are we going to deal with border security if, instead of addressing these very real issues that directly impact the drug epidemic in America, we are sitting here talking about $5 billion for a wall? All of us have voted for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to build barriers where needed, to build fences— and they tell us they don’t need a wall; they need a fence they can see through. We put money on the table for that year after year, and I will continue to because I think it is a smart thing to do, to have a border that is actually se-cured. But this President is prepared to shut down the Government of the United States not for the technology that I have described to you—the suc-cessful technology that can reduce the flow of fentanyl, this deadliest of chemicals into the United States, not for the technology that could detect in these vehicles if they had a trailer full of people who are being smuggled in for whatever reason—no. This President is fixed on one issue: a $5 billion wall. I hope someone close to the President will sit down with him and explain the reality of border security. It goes way beyond a campaign speech. There are plenty of votes, Democrats and Repub-licans, for border security that is smart and border security that will work. The hearings this week in the Senate Judiciary Committee really told the story. I am sure the President didn’t follow those hearings, but I hope some-one at the White House can and did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.025 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7556 December 13, 2018 
convince him: Don’t shut down this government to build a wall. Appeal to Congress on a bipartisan basis to give our government the resources to make America safe. If we could stop the deadly flow of fentanyl across that border, we will save American lives. We can do it. We know the technology that will accom-plish it. Now, all we lack is the polit-ical will to get it done. 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF FLAKE  
Madam President, I am sorry I wasn’t here earlier when he was on the floor, but I know that my friend and colleague, Senator J
EFF FLAKE , gave his farewell address to the Senate, and he will be leaving soon. I wanted to honor him for his service in the Senate and thank him for all the things we have worked on together. When the political history of our time is written, I think one of the most interesting chapters will be about my friend, Senator J
EFF FLAKE , of Ari-zona. I hope that history will be able to explain to me how one of the ideolog-ical sons of Barry Goldwater, who was, in fact, the father of modern American conservatism—how this ideological son named J
EFFFLAKE came to be viewed as a suspect conservative in Senator Goldwater’s home State of Arizona. I have always found J
EFFFLAKE to be a conservative with a conscience, and I have been privileged to work closely with him on some of the most impor-tant questions of our time. Most people, in observing Wash-ington, think all we do is fight like cats and dogs, and Democrats and Re-publicans won’t work together. That is not true. J
EFFFLAKE and I were mem-bers of something called the Gang of 8. We produced a comprehensive, bipar-tisan immigration reform bill that passed on this Senate floor overwhelm-ingly 15
1⁄2years ago. Other members of the Gang of 8 included our current Democratic leader, C
HUCK SCHUMER ; M
IKEBENNET , the Senator from Colo-rado; L
INDSEY GRAHAM , the Senator from South Carolina; B
OBMENENDEZ of New Jersey, Senator M
ARCO RUBIO of Florida; and that old iconoclast him-self, Senator John McCain. We met day after day and night after night to write an immigration reform bill. We fought like cats and dogs over some of the provisions, but in the end we agreed. We came up with a com-promise bill, and it passed overwhelm-ingly. We spent hundreds of hours to-gether because we knew that America needed immigration reform. Senator F
LAKE was a voice of con-servatism in those discussions, but he was also a voice of conscience, compas-sion, and reason. I had to laugh at the description of my friend, Senator F
LAKE , in an article in the Atlantic magazine last year. The reporter wrote: 
Flake doesn’t relish criticizing other peo-ple, but when he does, it is usually in a fa-therly tone of disappointment. . . . He some-times seems as if he just crash-landed here in a time machine from some bygone era of seersucker suits and polite disagreements. Country before party—that is the North Star of J
EFF FLAKE ’s political life. Adhering to that principle may have made him a one-term Senator from Arizona, but it also made him an extraordinarily good Senator and pub-lic servant. The problems J
EFFFLAKE tried hon-orably to solve haven’t gone away. They still demand our attention. If we can approach these challenges with the same principles and openmindedness of Senator J
EFFFLAKE , America will be a winner. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4096, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Cor-nyn amendment No. 4096, as modified, be called up and reported by the clerk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. C ORKER ], for Mr. C
ORNYN , proposes an amendment numbered 4096, as modified. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide that nothing in the joint resolution shall be construed to influ-ence or disrupt any military operations and cooperation with Israel) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 2. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING CONTINUED MILITARY OPERATIONS AND COOPERATION WITH ISRAEL. 
Nothing in this joint resolution shall be construed to influence or disrupt any mili-tary operations and cooperation with Israel. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Madam President, it is probably no surprise for my col-leagues to know that I don’t like much the idea of a farewell speech. I haven’t spent a great deal of time contem-plating it over the years I have been here. I am not a big fan of the concept. But I want to respect the tradition, es-pecially since I have witnessed so many Senate traditions crumble over the last 12 years. So I will do my best to get through this without breaking up. A traditional farewell speech in the U.S. Senate is full of accomplishments and thanks. I am going to skip half of that. I am extremely proud of my body of work over 34 years of public service, but it is for others to judge, and I won’t dwell on it today, other than to say it is a long list and a tangible demonstra-tion of the value of hard work. The wonderful Barbara Bush said: ‘‘Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your suc-cess will be how you treat other peo-ple—your family, friends, and cowork-ers, and even strangers you meet along the way.’’ So rather than talk about what I have done, I want to speak a few mo-ments about my family, and I have three different families I want to talk about today: my actual family, my family I like to call Missouri, or ‘‘Mis-souri’’—we argue about it a lot—and my family here in the Senate. First, my actual family—because they are the most important. In the words of author Andre Maurois, ‘‘with-out a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.’’ I have been very warm my whole life. I have not ‘‘trembled’’ in the cold because I have always had my family. My parents taught me that caring about the community around us was noble and good and that holding public office was an honorable endeavor, even though my parents were largely spec-tators and supporters and not can-didates or officeholders. They just cared, and they wanted me to care too. At the risk of going down the road of too many family stories, it may ex-plain a lot that my dad fell in love with my mom when he saw her smoking a cigar and belting out, ‘‘Won’t you come home, Bill Bailey,’’ at a party; that my mother said I must say ‘‘trick or treat’’ and vote for JFK when I was 7; and that my father insisted that I not only learn the rules of football but that I also learn to tell a good joke and learn to laugh at myself. My siblings. My two sisters and my brother have simply been the port in every storm. My children. We have a large, blend-ed family of many children and grand-children that is close and loving. I adore them all, but I need to specifi-cally mention my three children—Aus-tin, Maddie, and Lily—because they were there from the beginning—infants in car seats going to political events, toddlers sitting sometimes not so quietly as I gave a speech, and, then, amazing troopers in the almost decade of my career when I was a single work-ing mom, hauling them all over the State on campaigns. They now have forgiven me for the missed recitals and the missed field trips and the fact that I couldn’t be the homeroom mom. Today, they have grown into amazing, strong adults who make me very proud. And yee howdy, those grand-children—I have 11, going on 12. I can’t wait until they are all old enough to yell at them what my mom used to say to us when we were dawdling and too slow in getting to the car: ‘‘Last one in is a Republican.’’ My husband, Joseph—how lucky I am to have him as my best friend. We were married 16 years ago, after I was well into my political career and after he had achieved great success in business. He is proud and supportive of me al-ways, but he certainly didn’t bargain for the incredibly unfair treatment we got at his expense because of his busi-ness success. Let the record of the Sen-ate now say what my Republican col-leagues did not during my campaigns: Thank you, Joseph, for your integrity, your honesty, your generosity, and your heart, which has always directed you to do good, as you do well. Then there is my Missouri family. I love my State—all of it, every corner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.027 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7557 December 13, 2018 
of it, even the parts that aren’t very crazy about me. My honor to work for Missourians has been immense. I am incredibly grateful to them for the op-portunity I have had to get up every day and work my heart out in an inter-esting, challenging career of public service, and so lucky to have made many, many good friends along the way. I am excited that I will now have more time for them. David Stier said: ‘‘Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten,’’ and that is how I feel about Missouri. That is why my office has tried very hard to help every individual who has come to us for help, every veteran who has needed assistance, every senior caught in Social Security redtape—no matter who they were or where they lived or what their politics were. Then there is my staff family—my staff, here and in Missouri, in this job, in my previous jobs, and in many, many campaigns. Richard Bach said it best: ‘‘The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.’’ They have been my rock, my compass, my inspiration, and my coach—the best and the brightest, looking not for money or fame but just to make a difference. To my Senate staff here today and watching and to all the staff in my of-fices of the prosecutor’s office, the auditor’s office, the county legislature, and the State legislature, I respect each of you immensely. As you go forth in the world, remember the McCaskill office motto—they could cite it for you right now if I asked them: If you work hard, you can do well. But if you are having fun, you will do great. We were happy, and it made a dif-ference. George Bernard Shaw said: ‘‘A happy family is but an earlier heaven.’’ Working with my staff was heaven. Finally, to all my fellow Senators and all of the many people who work here in the Senate, I would be lying if I didn’t say I was worried about this place. It just doesn’t work as well as it used to. The Senate has been so enjoy-able for me, but I must admit that it puts the ‘‘fun’’ in dysfunction. Peter Morgan, an author, said: ‘‘No family is complete without an embar-rassing uncle.’’ We have too many em-barrassing uncles in the U.S. Senate and lots of embarrassing stuff. The U.S. Senate is no longer the world’s greatest deliberative body, and every-body needs to quit saying it until we recover from this period of polarization and the fear of the political con-sequences of tough votes. Writing legis-lation behind closed doors, giant omni-bus bills that most don’t know what is in them, K Street lobbyists knowing about the tax bill managers’ package before even Senators—that is today’s Senate—and no amendments. Solving the toughest problems will not happen without tough votes. We can talk about the toughest problems, we can visit about them, we can argue about them, we can campaign on them, but we are not going to solve them without tough votes. It will not hap-pen. My first year in the Senate was 2007. We voted on 306 amendments in 2007. This year, as of yesterday, we have voted on 36. That is a remarkable difference. Something is broken, and if we don’t have the strength to look in the mirror and fix it, the American people are going to grow more and more cynical, and they might do some-thing crazy like elect a reality TV-star President. I am not kidding. That is one of the reasons this has happened. Power has been dangerously central-ized in the Senate. We like to say: Oh, we can’t change the rules or we would be just like the House. We kind of are like the House, guys. We kind of are. A few people are writing legislation and a few people are making the decisions. We have to throw off the shackles of careful, open the doors of debate, re-claim the power of Members and com-mittees, and, most of all, realize that looking the other way and hoping that everything will work out later is a foolish idea. For gosh sakes, debate and vote on amendments. But with all the problems I have out-lined, know that I love this place and you—almost all of you. You have filled my life with interesting work and un-forgettable memories. We have argued, we have sung, we have fought, we have cried, and we have laughed together— just like family. You are family, and I will miss you terribly. Desmond Tutu, a very wise man, said: ‘‘God’s dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for together-ness, for goodness, and for compas-sion.’’ Thank you very much. I yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, while our colleagues show their affection for Senator M
CCASKILL , let me talk a little bit about my relationship with her and her service to our State. She chose not to do that, but she has served Missou-rians at every level of government—as a county legislator, as a State legis-lator, as an extraordinary prosecutor, and as the State auditor, when her par-ticular talent to find out exactly what was going wrong and point it out was maybe at its best use, and 12 years in the U.S. Senate. I know that not too long ago C
LAIRE  and Joe took their family on a vaca-tion to a ranch in the West. I was thinking about that, and thinking about her reminded me of a story I had heard about a wrangler at one of those ranches, who was just perfect on a horse. Somebody who was visiting asked: How do you get that good riding a horse? He said: Well, first of all, you get on the horse and you put your boot in the stirrup. You put your heel right up against the back of the stirrup. You sit easily in the saddle, and you ride for about 30 years. You ride for about 30 years. If you had paid any attention to ei-ther the last Senate campaign in Mis-souri or the one I was involved in be-fore that, you heard a lot about 30 years. In the case of Senator MCCAS-
KILL and me, we have our own 30 years. About that long ago, she was starting her second term in the Missouri legis-lature—smart, well-prepared, all she always is. I was the first Republican elected secretary of state in 52 years and only a couple years older than her. In fact, we never had much of a fight about who was going to be called a sen-ior Senator because neither wanted to be the particular senior anything at this point, but we began to work to-gether. C
LAIRE was smart, she was quick, she was funny, she was insightful, and she was always well-prepared. She was also, by the way, on the Appropriations Committee that I had to report to. The questions were always tough and usu-ally I could answer them. Even then, I often wondered how somebody as smart and well-prepared as C
LAIRE could so often wind up on the wrong side of the issue of the day based on my view of the issue of the day. We still have that—the 8 years we were here to-gether. Let me tell you, on anything that in-volved Missouri, I think you would have a hard time finding an exception where we didn’t get to the same place, where we didn’t get there quickly, and where we didn’t do everything we both could do to figure out how to reach a conclusion. In fact, all week I was thinking, is there any way I can get to St. Louis to where the property transfer will be made for the new NGA, the National Geospatial West facility—$1.3 billion facility—right where Pruitt-Igoe used to be, something new that will be the center of activity and something that was built at the site of a really bad government decision. We worked very hard to get that done. I was thinking, I am going to do that, until I found out it wasn’t going to be next Tuesday; it was going to be today when Senator M
CCASKILL was going to give this speech, and I knew I needed to be here and wanted to be here for that. I also say that our staff—and her Washington staff is here—our staff in Washington, our staff in Missouri, to the best of my knowledge, have always worked closely on everything. They would even be at meetings where one of them would be explaining why I voted the way I did and the other would be explaining why C
LAIRE voted the way she did, and they would often ride to-gether. That was the way we worked together on citizen concerns, on Mis-souri concerns. That happened here as well. C
LAIRE talked about her family. Joe Shepard, a great friend of mine for— frankly, Joe was helping me before he started helping C
LAIRE , but she pretty well totally converted him to her side 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.029 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7558 December 13, 2018 
of the aisle, but we are still good friends. I have gotten to know C
LAIRE ’s sis-ters and appreciate her sisters. They are the best. They are always there for her. Occasionally, they will look just enough like C
LAIRE that they could ride in her car in a parade and she could be in a parade somewhere else. C
LAIRE ’s mom: The last person in the car is a Republican—I can absolutely hear Claire’s mom saying that. In fact, after I was elected to the Senate, I was in the Senate and happened to see Joe and C
LAIRE ’s mom and went over to say hi. C
LAIRE ’s mom said: Well, I would like to say it is nice to see you here, but based on everything I said in the campaign, I would be two-faced. That was Betty McCaskill, and I liked her for it. I was at Betty McCaskill’s memorial service during C
LAIRE ’s campaign that year for her second election to the Senate. She was at my dad’s memorial service during my election campaign to the Senate this time. As C
LAIRE and Joe were leav-ing, C
LAIRE said to me: What a perfect service for Leroy Blunt. Nobody in this body could say that like C
LAIRE could say it because she knew my dad. When family got up, we talked about my dad, but C
LAIRE knew that was not just a passing comment; it was knowing who we were and knowing who she is and what she knew about that. Of all the times we voted differently, we have a relationship without pre-tense, as much as you can possibly have between two Members of the Sen-ate from the same State. The best part of the last 8 years—we have been friendly for 30 years, but in the last 8 years, we really have become good friends. Old friends are hard to make. It takes a long time, say 30 years, to really make old friends. I look forward to our time together after you leave here. I have benefited from our time together while you were here. Our State has benefited from your service in incredible ways at all levels. Even on the days we didn’t dis-agree, I never doubted your sense that you were doing the right thing. It is an honor to be your friend, and it is an honor to have worked for you. Thanks for all you have done for the State of Missouri. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, the last thing one does in life is not necessarily the best. I have come to re-spect C
LAIRE MCCASKILL over a long period of time. I have watched her walk in a room and watched heads turn. I have listened to her up front, answer-ing questions: no nonsense, direct, truthful, to the very best of her ability. I found in her a great sense of con-science. She has this marvelous exte-rior. I think the interior is a little dif-ferent. There is a sensitivity there that is very special, Senator. I hope you never ever lose it because it is what gives you the ability to do what you do. Now I expect to turn on my television set and turn on my radio and hear you many times and take a lot of good advice and have a few laughs listening to you. I want to say thank you. You have represented your State well. You have stood tall. You have spoken out in our caucuses. You have let people know what you feel. You wear your heart on your sleeve, and you are one great woman. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I stand here today with a heavy heart, as we pay tribute to our friend and col-league, CLAIRE MCCASKILL of Missouri. Senators represent their State and, not surprisingly, they often reflect their State’s heritage, traditions, and val-ues. The people of Missouri rightly prize their reputation as independent, straightforward, and trustworthy— qualities that define my friend, Sen-ator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL . To that, I add another quality that defines this accomplished leader from the Show Me State. Like her inspira-tion in public service, President Harry Truman, Senator M
CCASKILL is feisty. In her two terms in the Senate, Sen-ator M
CCASKILL has demonstrated her belief that no one party holds a monop-oly on good ideas. It has been such a pleasure to work with her across the aisle on so many issues. She was al-ways the best of partners: strong, stra-tegic, determined, and she got a lot done. An issue that brought us together as leaders of the Senate Aging Committee was the extensive bipartisan investiga-tion we launched in 2015 into the ex-treme spikes in the prices of many pre-scription drugs. The findings of our in-vestigation were appalling, and the re-form legislation we coauthored is pro-ducing results in spurring approval of lower cost generic drugs and increasing transparency in the pharmaceutical in-dustry. Our work together on drug pricing uncovered the gag clauses that indus-try uses that can prohibit your local pharmacists from telling consumers if their prescription would cost less if they paid for it out of pocket rather than using their insurance. The Pa-tient Right to Know Drug Prices Act that Senator M
CCASKILL and I coau-thored and that was signed into law this October ends this egregious prac-tice, saving consumers money and im-proving healthcare. We also investigated numerous finan-cial scams that attempted to rob sen-iors of their hard-earned savings. Once again, working together, we were able to get a new law passed that tackled this serious issue as well. There is no-body in this body who is more talented at questioning individuals who came before our committee and were trying to shape the truth or deceive or dis-tract than C
LAIRE MCCASKILL . She, as Senator B
LUNT mentioned, was always well-prepared; she was always insight-ful; and she was always tough. I remember one hearing we had where the GAO was testifying before us, and sure enough, CLAIRE had read the entire GAO report—not just the ex-ecutive summary, the whole report. Thus, her questions were so pene-trating that she brought out informa-tion that never would have surfaced in that hearing. As Missouri State auditor, a pros-ecutor, and a Senator, C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL has always been a champion for accountability, dedicated to rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse in govern-ment programs. She has always been determined to get to the truth and to get to the bottom of an issue. During the damaging shutdown of 2013, she stepped forward as a charter member of our Common Sense Coalition to help restore the faith of the American peo-ple and to reopen government. I have worked so closely with Sen-ator M
CCASKILL during her entire time in the Senate, and I will miss her so much. She is a tough, no-nonsense leader, a dedicated public servant, and, most of all, a good friend. C
LAIRE , I thank you for your public service, and I wish you, Joseph, and your family all the best in the years to come. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I rise today, as we all are, to recognize a marvelous person in C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL. I am going to go back to 2006, when C
LAIRE was running for the U.S. Senate and I was too. The first time I saw C
LAIRE MCCASKILL on TV was on C–SPAN. She was in a debate. I thought to myself: My, oh my. This lady has skills—because it is some-thing I do, I study people who are good and I try to steal as much as I can from them and there was plenty to steal in her ability to get to the truth. Then, C
LAIRE and Jim Webb and I all won close elections in 2006 and showed up in this body. Those of you who know Webb, Webb was maybe the most in-tense person I ever have met in my life—an incredible human being in his own right—and I became good friends with Jim. C
LAIRE , I can’t tell you the first time we met, but I can tell you when we met, it was like we had known one an-other our whole lives. C
LAIRE had this ability to instill—and still has this ability. I want to talk in the future, not in the past. C
LAIRE has the ability to welcome you and make you feel as good about yourself as you feel about her. We got to be fast friends. She and Jo-seph are Sharla and my best friends in this body. In fact, when I got on the train a few weeks ago—and I probably shouldn’t have done this, but it just happened—I happened to get on the train with Senator-elect Hawley. I didn’t know him. I never met him. I never looked at the debates this time around when I was campaigning. He in-troduced himself to me. I will probably owe him an apology for this, but I said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.031 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7559 December 13, 2018 
Yes, you just beat my best friend in the U.S. Senate—because she has been. She is one of the reasons I have been able to come to this body and really enjoy it. As everybody said before, she is smart, she is very articulate, and she has a heart. Those three things are qualities that serve one well in the U.S. Senate. And I, for one, am going to miss her presence here and her ability to tell the truth in a way that you have to be hard of hearing not to understand what she says because she has been a great Senator over the lasts 12 years. She has represented Missouri, and because we all have those two letters in from of our names—‘‘U.S.’’ Senator—she has represented this country in an amazing way. I, for one, will miss her but will make a point to make sure the rela-tionship we have developed in this body continues for the rest of our lives. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I just wanted to address the Senator from Missouri to tell her that she has been a wonderful colleague for this Senator. As someone of more moderation in her politics who comes from a Repub-lican-dominated State, she has nego-tiated the political winds so well and has always kept her eye on rep-resenting her State. This Senator from Florida particularly appreciates that, because being a Democrat in a Repub-lican State is not an easy task, and she has done it with such dignity, looking out for her people, looking out for the people who are voiceless. I just want her to know she has the appreciation of this Senator from Florida. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The assistant Democratic lead-er. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we re-cently heard a farewell speech from my colleague and friend, Senator C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL of Missouri. I grew up across the river from St. Louis in the town of East St. Louis, IL, and feel a familiarity with Missouri and St. Louis probably more than most residents of my State. We have had many great reminisces about the city and her life, and I wanted to say a few words on the floor today as she ends her service in the U.S. Senate. My boyhood hero was Stan Musial— ‘‘Stan the Man’’—St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Famer and one of greatest ball players who ever lived. He retired in 1963 holding National League career marks for games played, at-bats, and hits. Asked to describe the habits that kept him in baseball for so long, Musial once said: ‘‘Get eight hours of sleep regularly. Keep your weight down, run a mile a day. If you must smoke, try light cigars. Then cut down on inhal-ing.’’ ‘‘One last thing,’’ he added: ‘‘Make it a point to bat .300.’’ C
LAIRE MCCASKILL has always brought the same sort of natural-born talent and relentless work ethic to public service that Stan Musial—‘‘Stan the Man’’—brought to baseball in St. Louis. She has stood for office 24 times—lost twice. That makes her bat-ting average considerably better than .300. Five years ago, Senator MCCASKILL  and I teamed up to suggest a name for a beautiful new bridge that spanned the mighty Mississippi River between her State of Missouri and mine of Illi-nois, near St. Louis. Thanks to Claire’s leadership, it is called the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge. Locals all call it the Stan Span for short. It is a well-deserved, fitting tribute to my boyhood hero and a fitting tribute to C
LAIRE MCCASKILL ’s tenacity. In an age of hyperpartisanship, C
LAIRE MCCASKILL is a bridge builder. She doesn’t ask whether ideas come from the left or the right; she asks whether they will work. Like her own political hero, Harry Truman, she is a straight talker, and she can be a bull-dog when it comes to demanding ac-countability for the people who pay for this government and those who rely on it. She has cast historic and heroic votes on the Senate floor. She voted for an economic stimulus package that helped prevent a second Great Depres-sion. She voted to create the Afford-able Care Act—one of the most impor-tant social and economic justice laws of our lifetime. One story about C
LAIRE MCCASKILL  seems especially telling. Nearly 2 years ago, she was ready to vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch, a Trump appointee, to the U.S. Supreme Court. In Missouri, a red State, that was a pretty good vote for her politically. But when she met privately with then-Judge Gorsuch, she asked him about a case in which he had ruled that a trucking company was within its rights when it fired a driver who left his broken-down truck briefly on a sub-zero night to find help. Senator M
CCASKILL asked Judge Gorsuch: Did you ever think about what you would do if you had been that truckdriver? The judge said: No. Senator M
CCASKILL changed her vote to no. It cost her politically, but that is the kind of Senator C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL is. Her idea of governing is to spend money wisely, punish mis-behavior, and give people what they need in order to get through their daily lives. She has been a voice for truck-drivers and farmers and factory work-ers and a lot of ordinary people who work hard and still struggle to pay their bills. She has been a fearless champion of my Dreamers, and for that I will forever be grateful. Her votes to help these young people always were risky politically, but she never ever flinched. I will forever be in her debt for her show of courage on that one issue. Incidentally, she showed the same courage and compassion when calling for an end to this administration’s cruel policy of separating immigrant families at our border. This past year, she used her influence as ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to investigate the causes of the opioid epidemic dev-astating America. That investigation showed how pharmaceutical companies knowingly sold dangerous and addict-ive pain killers in order to maximize profit. She worked diligently on a bi-partisan basis to ensure passage of a law that will help combat the opioid epidemic and provide treatment for those who are addicted. And she has never ever wavered in her efforts to protect Americans with preexisting medical conditions. Results, not just rhetoric—that is CLAIRE MCCASKILL . As Stan Musial approached the plate for the last time before he retired, leg-endary sportscaster Harry Caray said: ‘‘Take a look, fans. Take a good long look. Remember the swing and the stance. We won’t see his like again.’’ As Senator M
CCASKILL leaves the Senate, take a look. Remember C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL and her personal brand of Missouri courage. May we all try to be bridge builders, as she has been. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN MARK D . BEDRIN  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, thank you. We all are surrounded by exception-ally dedicated young men and women who work side by side with us and whose lead we sometimes follow on issues—our staff. I am honored to have such a capable, dedicated, and loyal staff—to me but more importantly, to Kansans and to Americans. Today I want to take just a moment to recognize the contributions of a member of that staff, U.S. Army CPT Mark Bedrin, who has spent the last year working in my personal office as part of the U.S. Army Congressional Fellowship Program. Before Mark departs from my office to return to the Army, at the Pen-tagon, at the start of the new year, I rise to express my admiration and ap-preciation to Captain Bedrin for all the hard work and dedication in his service to our Nation. Exactly 1 year ago, when I first learned that Captain Bedrin would be joining our office and our team, I called and welcomed him to the office, and I immediately was struck by his determination and his sense of duty. Since that first conversation with Mark, I knew he would be an asset to our team, and he absolutely has never disappointed. Mark’s nearly 9 years of service in the U.S. Army have developed his lead-ership capabilities and shaped his per-spective on defense issues that are of such national significance, making him a unique asset to our team who, as a member of the U.S. Armed Forces, helps us work to serve Kansans and their families. Mark’s assignments have taken him and his wife, Katie, and their children, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.032 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7560 December 13, 2018 
Elizabeth and Patrick, around the world in service to our country. Mark has completed two combat deploy-ments encompassing more than 22 months in Kandahar Province, Afghan-istan, as a rifle platoon leader during the Afghanistan surge and as regi-mental battle captain overseeing most of the Regional Command South. He also completed a peacekeeping deploy-ment to the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where he commanded a rifle company supporting the Multinational Force and Observers maintaining the treaty of peace between Egypt and Israel. Mark planned and completed multiple missions supporting Atlantic Resolve in Central and Eastern Europe as well. Although Mark is a native of New York and he had never been to Kansas prior to his working in my office, he immediately got familiar with issues that Kansans face each day and made it a priority to spend time in Kansas and to see firsthand our way of life. Following his trip to our military in-stallations and equities in Kansas, I was grateful to learn of his impressions at each stop along the way. Like many in the military who visit our State, Mark returned to Washington, DC, with an appreciation for the quality of life that Kansans ensure that their servicemembers have in our State. We take care of their families. I appreciate Mark’s noticing that, and it is so true. Over the past year, I have contin-ually been impressed by Mark’s leader-ship. At every opportunity, he has proven himself to be an important and fully integrated member of our office, our team, and has carried that with equal weight and responsibility with my personal staff. His seamless com-munications and his skill in tackling issues big and small have been a great benefit to me. Mark has exceeded all of my expectations and has demonstrated a commitment to excellence that has been nothing short of outstanding. Although I am sad that he will be leaving our office at the end of the month, I know he will serve the Army well next year in the budget liaison of-fice, where I am confident he will be a highly effective ambassador to Con-gress for the Army. Mark is one of the most impressive military officers I have had the honor of knowing, and I hold him in the high-est regard personally and profes-sionally. He is a significant asset to our country and to the U.S. Army. Mark represents the best that the Army has to offer, and I know he will continue to benefit the future of our Nation. There is no group of people I hold in higher regard than those who serve our Nation, and I want to reiterate my gratitude to Mark and his wife, Katie, as an Army family dedicated to serving our country. Once again, thank you, Mark, for all you have done for Kansans this year. Thank you for being an inspiration to me, causing me to work harder and care more. You have been a model of selfless service and leadership. Our en-tire office, our staff here in Wash-ington, DC, and our staff in Kansas will miss you. All know how much you con-tributed to the cause, and I know you will continue to do great things throughout your Army career and your life of service wherever that path may lead. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
S.J. RES. 54 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about the U.S.-Saudi Arabia relationship in the broader context of America’s inter-ests in the Middle East. I want to begin by responding to an op-ed Secretary of State Pompeo pub-lished in the Wall Street Journal in which he called the U.S.-Saudi Arabia partnership ‘‘vital.’’ That statement reflects a distorted view of the U.S.- Saudi Arabia relationship that has per-meated the Trump administration in which the United States is somehow dependent on the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for regional stability and secu-rity cooperation. It is a view perhaps best articulated by the President’s own unhinged pre-Thanksgiving statement in which he suggested that selling weapons to the Saudis was more impor-tant than America’s enduring commit-ment to human rights, democratic val-ues, and international norms, or the President and Secretary Pompeo’s con-tinued, incredulous insistence that we still don’t know whether the Crown Prince is directly responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. Desperate to justify this myopic view, Trump officials whimper that Saudi Arabia’s military operations in Yemen are the only means to ‘‘root out’’ Iranian influence and defend the status quo of U.S. support for the Saudi-led coalition. To put it another way, these morally blindered and blinded individuals be-lieve that to advance America’s inter-ests in the region, there is no other op-tion than dependence on Riyadh and no other way than business as usual. So the United States should just stay the course, resign to accept, with a so- called ‘‘vital’’ partner, a government that lures a Washington Post col-umnist—an American resident with U.S. citizen children—to its consulate in a third country with the express in-tent of eliminating his dissenting views from public discourse in the most grue-some way possible. I, for one, reject Secretary Pompeo’s false choice. We can be tough on Ira-nian aggression, and we can continue our efforts to eliminate al-Qaida and ISIS. At the same time, we can have a reality-based debate on the strategic utility of the U.S.-Saudi partnership. Our security interests and our values demand such a debate. I believe that we can pursue an effec-tive strategy to counter terrorism and Iranian aggression while also demand-ing better from the U.S.-Saudi Arabia partnership. That means standing up for transparency, accountability, and truth when our partners flagrantly vio-late American values, disregard inter-national norms, and take actions that undermine our broader strategic inter-ests and run counter to regional secu-rity. The Trump administration has cyni-cally framed this vote as a binary, zero-sum choice: You are either for Iran, or you are for Saudi Arabia. Well, my answer to that is, I am for the United States of America. I am for America’s security interests. I am for American values. And I am for partner-ships and alliances deeply rooted in both. I can’t imagine that any one of my colleagues on either side of the aisle would put me in the pro-Iran camp. I take a backseat to no one in the Sen-ate in taking the lead to end Iran’s pathway to a nuclear weapon and to end its nefarious promotion of ter-rorism across the world. To be clear, the vote on S.J. Res. 54 is not about the totality of the U.S.- Saudi relationship; it is a vote about whether U.S. support for the Saudi-led coalition’s actions in Yemen are in our national interests. We do indeed have important secu-rity interests with the Saudis. Both of our nations benefit from cooperation in confronting threatening forces. Yet we cannot sweep under the rug the callous disregard for human life and the fla-grant violations of international norms the Saudis have shown. That is why, as ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I continue to look for the opportunity to continue to examine components of the U.S.-Saudi relationship and determine whether that relationship requires a course cor-rection. Beyond Saudi Arabia, I do not want any of our security partners to inter-pret our relationship as a blank check. Unfortunately, whether due to the President’s possibly unconstitutional financial entanglements or his family’s overly cozy relationship with the Crown Prince, this administration is putting the Saudi Government on a pedestal that stands above America’s values. They continue to extend a blank check to certain players within the Saudi Government, no matter how brazen their actions, rather than mean-ingfully seeking to influence Riyadh or ensure that U.S. policy toward Saudi Arabia is properly balanced and in line with our strategic interests, not di-rected by the personal and financial motives of select individuals in our government. This refusal to stand up for American values, to assert true leadership, is part of the Trump administration’s willful adherence to a misguided under-standing of the most effective ways to bring stability to the Middle East. It is an outgrowth of the President’s reck-less, morally bankrupt approach to for-eign policy and a love affair with au-thoritarian strongmen. Mr. President, I hope today to frame some critical questions about the U.S.- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.034 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7561 December 13, 2018 
Saudi relationship in the context of America’s long-term interests in the region. Let’s start with taking stock of actions taken by Saudi Arabia over the last 2 years—the 2 years that, accord-ing to Secretary Pompeo, the Trump administration has been ‘‘rebuilding’’ the U.S.-Saudi partnership while we here in the ‘‘salons of Washington’’ were caterwauling about human rights. In June of 2017, a quartet of Arab countries announced a full blockade of a fellow Gulf Cooperation Council member, Qatar. The Saudi-led bloc jus-tified this blockade by accusing Qatar of transgressions that, while seriously concerning, are not unique to Qatar or even to some members of the Saudi-led bloc, such as financial support for ter-ror. This blockade tosses out decades of investment by Republicans and Demo-cratic U.S. administrations to partner with the entire Gulf Cooperation Coun-cil—Qatar included—on security chal-lenges ranging from Iran, al-Qaida, missile defense, maritime security, and cyber threats. Put another way, the Saudi-Qatar dispute has translated into a lot more work for our military professionals and diplomats for the past year as the gulf Arabs have fought amongst each other and have interrupted critical priorities like defeating ISIS and countering Ira-nian aggression. It has also com-plicated the coordination with our Arab partners on U.S. foreign policy priorities, like stabilizing Libya and Syria, and, potentially, deeply under-mined U.S. objectives, like stability in the Horn of Africa. Who is the winner of this rift that has been constructed by our Saudi-led partners? Iran. Mr. President, in turning to Yemen, the Saudis and their partners have con-tinued their brutal air campaign in Yemen, often indiscriminately. Tens of thousands of innocent Yemenis have died, and millions more are on the brink of starvation. Meanwhile, Iran’s influence has increased within the country, and al-Qaida has taken advan-tage of the chaos to expand its reach and control of Yemeni territory. The winners of this fruitless war? Iran and al-Qaida. Then, in November 2017, Mr. Presi-dent, the Prime Minister of Lebanon traveled to Saudi Arabia for what he reportedly believed was to be a friendly visit with the Saudi Crown Prince. Instead, the Crown Prince detained Prime Minister Saad Hariri and, on TV, forced him to resign from his posi-tion. Let that sink in for a moment. A newly minted Crown Prince effectively hoodwinked and intimidated a sitting Prime Minister into publicly resigning his position. This entire stunt was re-portedly intended to push back on Iran’s expanding influence in the re-gion. After days of high drama and uncer-tainty, including a refusal by Leb-anon’s President to accept the Prime Minister’s resignation, Hariri left Saudi Arabia via Paris and returned to a Lebanon where Iran’s proxy Hezbollah remains not only a part of the Lebanese Government but, argu-ably, in a stronger position for rallying public support behind Hariri. The winner of this foolish plunder? Iran. Mr. President, that very same month of November 2017, Crown Prince Mu-hammad bin Salman directed the de-tention of hundreds of Saudi princes and executives at the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh. While this effort was spun as a crackdown on corruption, it was clear-ly a crackdown on the Crown Prince’s political competitors. Reports from this dark period in the gilded prison of the Ritz indicate that Saudi Govern-ment-directed forces tortured detain-ees and coerced them into transferring money to the government or giving up real estate and shares in companies. Now, I don’t know how they obtained those resources, and I am, in no way, condoning any graft and exploitation in the Kingdom, but this opaque proc-ess—outside any semblance of the rule of law and driven purely by the will of the Crown Prince—is not actually a sustainable approach to promoting transparency and accountability. In fact, it should and did send chills down the spines of investors and American companies that seek to expand com-mercial and economic ties in the King-dom. A strong respect for the rule of law is an essential condition for doing business. So when Trump points to the value of business ties with Saudi Arabia as a reason for not imposing consequences for Khashoggi’s murder, let’s remember that in the hands of the Crown Prince, anyone can be shaken down, locked up, or tortured at a five-star hotel in Mu-hammad bin Salman’s Saudi Arabia. Let’s also continue asking who exactly is benefiting from potential business ties. Mr. President, Secretary Pompeo mentioned in his op-ed last week that the Crown Prince has ‘‘moved the country in a reformist direction, from allowing women to drive and attend sporting events, to curbing the reli-gious police and calling for a return to moderate Islam.’’ What the Secretary did not mention, however, are the deeply disturbing re-ports that, at the same time MBS was granting Saudi women the right to drive, he also detained many female ac-tivists who were themselves calling for the rights of women, including their right to drive. Now we are hearing re-ports that these women are being tor-tured and sexually harassed, bound to iron beds, electrocuted, and beaten. Is this the kind of reform that Sec-retary Pompeo believes the United States should endorse? As for calling for a return to mod-erate Islam, the Anti-Defamation League reports that Saudi state tele-vision hosted several hour-long pro-grams this Ramadan that featured a preacher who called for God to destroy the Christians, Shiites, Alawites, and Jews. Other analyses published by the Anti-Defamation League this Novem-ber found that Saudi Government-pub-lished textbooks for the 2018–2019 aca-demic year promote incitement to ha-tred or violence against Jews, Chris-tians, women, and homosexual men. As ADL CEO Jonathan Greenblatt said: 
The United States must hold its ally Saudi Arabia to a higher standard. The U.S. cannot look the other way while Saudi Arabia fea-tures anti-Semitic hate speech year after year in the educational material it gives its children. 
Mr. President, let’s take stock of Saudi Arabia’s contributions to re-gional stability. It seems a fitting time to ask if an approach that involves bul-lying another U.S. regional partner, holding the Prime Minister of Lebanon hostage, torturing female activists, business executives, and other princes, and carrying out a military campaign in Yemen that will result in the death of millions more civilians by year’s end is an approach that is in line with U.S. values or priorities. Has Iran been weakened by these ac-tions? Is the focus still on al-Qaida and defeating ISIS? I don’t think so. Mr. President, the President has made it clear that no U.S. foreign pol-icy objective, especially human rights, is as important to him as securing tens of billions of imaginary dollars to cre-ate million fantasy jobs through weap-ons sales to the Saudis. Congress has long and well estab-lished the overseeing of the sale of weapons as part of U.S. foreign policy. We have learned throughout our his-tory that selling weapons is a complex matter and that without close atten-tion to the human rights practices of foreign buyers, the United States can easily find itself in the situation that we are now in with Saudi Arabia. U.S. arms, today, are being used irre-sponsibly, tragically, and in possible violation of international law in the deaths and injuries of tens of thou-sands of innocent civilians, including of helpless children. The United States must elevate human rights concerns in all aspects of its foreign security as-sistance, including arms sales. Other-wise, the abuses that result will do more to foment the conditions of un-rest and despair that are the breeding ground of conflict, war, and terrorism. Secretary Pompeo also suggested that if the United States in any way re-assesses its relationship with Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom will rush into Russian arms. I would suggest, Mr. Secretary, that most countries in the Middle East are already hedging against perceptions that the United States is not invested in the region and that those assess-ments are based on the President him-self—how else to explain Putin’s high five with the Crown Prince at the G20 in Argentina? Is it from the parade of gulf rulers in Russia who are doing deals on the margins of the World Cup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.034 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7562 December 13, 2018 
earlier this year or by the announce-ments by several U.S. partners of talks to purchase the Russian S–400 system, despite the prospect of congressional sanctions under the CAATSA law? Given not just the war in Yemen but also the murder of Khashoggi and the blockage of Qatar, I believe we need to take steps to recalibrate the future of the U.S.-Saudi relationship. That is why I am disappointed that the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee did not take up the Saudi Ara-bia Accountability and Yemen Act of 2018, which is legislation that I am leading, along with Senators Y
OUNG , R
EED, GRAHAM , SHAHEEN , COLLINS , and others. We will continue to work on this legislation next year. It does not seek to tear down the entire Saudi-U.S. relationship. Instead, it is carefully calibrated to force a rebalancing in pri-orities. The United States should no longer be selling weapons to the Kingdom that will be used to kill women and children in Yemen. We should, however, con-tinue to support Saudi Arabia’s legiti-mate defensive needs, like intercepting Houthi missiles coming from Yemen. The United States should no longer refuel Saudi coalition aircraft for oper-ations in Yemen, which is clearly cor-related with a rise in civilian casual-ties. The United States must now take a stand against all stakeholders in this conflict that are blocking humani-tarian access, preventing forward movement under the U.N. peace proc-ess, or receiving weapons from Iran. Our bill also ensures that Congress right-sizes its oversight over this rela-tionship. The Trump administration must follow the letter of the Global Magnitsky Act, and it must take a firm stand in support of human rights when it comes to Saudi Arabia. This is not caterwauling or the media piling on. This is Congress doing what the American people elected us to do— ensure that the U.S. Government con-ducts foreign policy in a manner that protects the United States and the American people. We are not doing our job if foreign governments believe they can murder journalists and dissidents with impunity and disregard inter-national norms without damaging their relationships with the United States. Saudi Arabia has joined a sinister clique, along with North Korea, Russia, and Iran, in its assassination of Jamal Khashoggi. A few more weapons pur-chases cannot buy our silence, and they should not buy our silence. If the President will not act, Congress must. I yield the floor. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me congratulate Senator M
ENENDEZ for his leadership role in addressing this crisis in Saudi Arabia. In a few minutes, we are going to begin voting on a historical piece of legislation, because I think, as conserv-atives have understood and as progres-sives have understood, for too many years, Congress has abdicated its his-torical and constitutional responsi-bility to be the body that determines whether or not this country is at war. What we have seen for a long time now under Democratic Presidents and under Republican Presidents and under Democratic Congresses and Republican Congresses is an abdication of that re-sponsibility. I hope that today we begin the process of taking that back. The war in Yemen is unauthorized. There has never been a vote in Con-gress to allow our men and women to participate in that war. Therefore, that war is unconstitutional, and it has to end. That is the vote that we will be having this afternoon. Second of all, I think all Members are aware of the unbelievable humani-tarian crisis that now exists in Yemen. It is the worst humanitarian crisis on Earth. Unless we use the power of this country not to help more bombs being dropped to kill people in that country but to use our power to bring the war-ring parties together, that situation will become even worse. The United Nations and others are telling us that Yemen is on the brink of the worst famine that we have seen in a very long time and that millions of people may die. Third, it is time for the U.S. Con-gress to tell the despotic Government of Saudi Arabia that we do not intend to follow its lead in its military adven-turism. Its intervention in the civil war in Yemen is the cause of the hu-manitarian disaster, as 10,000 people are developing serious illnesses—chol-era and other illnesses—because the water infrastructure in Yemen has been destroyed by Saudi attacks. Right now we have the opportunity to go forward in a strong bipartisan way. I want to thank all of the Members of the Senate who gave us 60 votes yester-day in order to proceed and who gave us 96 votes on what I thought was a sensible germaneness point of order. Now we have a number of amend-ments in front of us. Two of them, au-thored by Senator COTTON , will essen-tially undermine everything we are trying to accomplish. I very much hope that we defeat those amendments and that we tell the world we want the United States out of Yemen. I would end on a positive note. As some may know, right now in Sweden, there are peace negotiations going on, and, as I understand it, just yesterday, a major breakthrough took place that allows for an exchange of some 15,000 prisoners of war. So some progress is being made in bringing the warring fac-tions together, and there is evidence that the pressure from the inter-national community and the U.S. Sen-ate, making it clear that we will not continue to participate in that war, is helping the peace process. Let us go forward today and defeat the amendments that are trying to un-dermine this important resolution and tell the world that the United States of America will not continue to be part of the worst humanitarian disaster on the face of the Earth, that we want peace in that region, that we want humani-tarian aid in that region, and that we don’t want any more bombs or destruc-tion. Thank you very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, we have eight votes, two of which I think we may be able to take. I hope that those who wish to have votes may talk just a little bit so that we can speed up the process. The first vote will be 15 minutes; the remainder of the votes will be 10 min-utes. We will begin that process with Young No. 4080. I think there is agree-ment for him to speak for 1 minute. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4080 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to the vote in relation to Young amendment No. 4080. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I just want to thank the chairman and his staff for working constructively with me on this amendment. I want to thank the Senator from Vermont and other Senators who have tried to do all they can to make sure that we hold Saudi leadership accountable over the course of this and maintain our norms of acceptable behavior, making sure that our military forces are respecting international humanitarian laws, that we assist our security partners, and that we stabilize the country of Yemen so that ISIS, al-Qaida, and Iran—the largest state sponsor of terror—cannot further entrench in the country and perpetuate their nefarious activity. We wouldn’t be at this point but for a lot of leadership across the aisle. I just thank all of those involved. I ap-preciate the consideration of my col-leagues in voting for this amendment. I yield back. Mr. SANDERS. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 58, nays 41, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.036 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7563 December 13, 2018 
[Rollcall Vote No. 263 Leg.] YEAS—58 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NAYS—41 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford McConnell Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The amendment (No. 4080) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 4096, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate, equal-ly divided, prior to a vote in relation to Cornyn amendment No. 4096, as modi-fied. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all future votes in the series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the joint resolution before us today will impact U.S. operations with allies be-yond the Saudi-led coalition; it will af-fect our relationships with allies be-yond the Saudi-led coalition against Houthi forces in Yemen, which is lit-erally a proxy battle against Iran. Members of this Chamber assert that this resolution is confined to Yemen and sends a strong message to Saudi Arabia. I disagree with that. This reso-lution also sends a message to our al-lies that question the reliability of the United States as a partner. It brings into question valuable U.S. intel-ligence-sharing operations around the globe, including with Israel and other regional allies, like Jordan, Japan, South Korea, and NATO. Further, it risks emboldening Iran and global adversaries who intend to fill the voids left by our absence. Rus-sia and China have been actively ex-panding their presence in the region and will see this as an opportunity to fill the vacuum. Senator I
NHOFE and I offer this amendment to reassure Israel and our regional partners that the United States intends to honor our commit-ments as the leader of the free world. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who seeks recognition? The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I just want to clarify with Senator CORNYN so there is no confusion: His amendment deals strictly with Israel and not re-gional allies; am I correct on that? Mr. CORNYN. The amendment says: ‘‘Nothing in this joint resolution shall be construed to influence or disrupt any military operations and coopera-tion with Israel.’’ Mr. SANDERS. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 4096, as modified. Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 99, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 264 Leg.] YEAS—99 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The amendment (No. 4096), as modi-fied was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, we were going to have 10-minute votes. We have had two votes in 54 minutes. Can we not just vote? OK. All right. I think we have two rollcall votes left. A number of Senators are doing voice votes, and then we will have the journalist resolution at the end, by voice also. Go ahead, Senator CORNYN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 4090 AND 4095  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my amend-ments, Nos. 4090 and 4095, be made pending and reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ] pro- poses en bloc amendments numbered 4090 and 4095. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4090 (Purpose: To require a report assessing risks posed by ceasing support operations with respect to the conflict between the Saudi- led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON RISKS POSED BY CEASING SAUDI ARABIA SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report as-sessing the risks posed to United States citi-zens and the civilian population of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia and the risk of regional humanitarian crises if the United States were to cease support operations with re-spect to the conflict between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4095 (Purpose: To require a report assessing the increased risk of terrorist attacks in the United States if the Government of Saudi Arabia were to cease Yemen-related intel-ligence sharing with the United States) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON INCREASED RISK OF TER-RORIST ATTACKS TO UNITED STATES FORCES ABROAD, ALLIES, AND THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES IF SAUDI ARABIA CEASES YEMEN-RELATED INTELLIGENCE SHARING WITH THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report as-sessing the increased risk of terrorist at-tacks on United States Armed Forces abroad, allies, and to the continental United States if the Government of Saudi Arabia were to cease Yemen-related intelligence sharing with the United States. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the amend-ments be considered en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. I appreciate the bipar-tisan support for the amendments and hope they can be adopted by voice vote, en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question occurs on agree-ing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 4090 and 4095) were agreed to en bloc. The Senator from Arkansas. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 4097 AND 4098  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask that my amendments Nos. 4097 and 4098 be made pending and reported by num-ber. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.004 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7564 December 13, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. C OTTON ] proposes en bloc amendments numbered 4097 and 4098. 
The amendment are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4097 (Purpose: To clarify that the requirement to remove United States Armed Forces does not apply to the provision of materials and advice intended to reduce civilian casual-ties or further enable adherence to the Law of Armed Conflict) On page 4, line 16, insert after ‘‘associated forces’’ the following: ‘‘ or involved in the provision of materials and advice intended to reduce civilian casualties or further enable adherence to the Law of Armed Conflict’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4098 (Purpose: To clarify that the requirement to remove United States Armed Forces does not apply to forces engaged in operations to support efforts to disrupt Houthi at-tacks against locations outside of Yemen, such as ballistic missile attacks, un-manned aerial vehicle attacks, maritime attacks against United States or inter-national vessels, or terrorist attacks against civilian targets) On page 4, line 16, insert after ‘‘associated forces,’’ the following: ‘‘or to support efforts to disrupt Houthi attacks against locations outside of Yemen, such as ballistic missile attacks, unmanned aerial vehicle attacks, maritime attacks against United States or international vessels, or terrorist attacks against civilian targets,’’. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I under-stand there will be 2 minutes of debate on amendment No. 4097. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. COTTON. On amendment No. 4097, I will not ask for a recorded vote. I understand opposition is enough to defeat it. I want to simply say, though, that the geopolitical realities here are, if we withdraw our support for the coa-lition in the Arabian Peninsula, the fight is not going to stop. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are not going to allow Iran to supply a rebel insurgency with missiles and UAVs and boats that can reach their citizens. I suggest we should try to do every-thing we can to minimize civilian cas-ualties. That is why this amendment simply says: The United States can provide information and material that would minimize civilian casualty and that would help those nations adhere to the law of armed conflict. I regret that this amendment will not pass, but I think it will be a wise course of action for U.S. policy. I yield the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment. I understand it will be on a voice vote. This exemption, just like the amendment that will follow, is so broad as to render the underlying reso-lution impotent. Let’s be clear. The existing conflict the United States is supporting is the primary cause of the humanitarian ca-tastrophe that exists today. Eighty- five thousand kids under the age of 5 have died of starvation and disease. This is the world’s worst cholera epi-demic in the history of the globe. If we were to adopt this amendment, it could potentially allow for continued unlim-ited assistance for the Saudi coalition to continue to exacerbate that night-mare. I urge my colleagues, on a voice vote, to oppose this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there no further debate? The question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 4097) is not agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 4098 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the Cotton amendment, No. 4098. The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, my last amendment was about the law of armed conflict and citizens of foreign nations. This amendment is about our citizens and our troops. The Houthi rebels have fired more than 100 missiles into the Arabian Pe-ninsula, into the Red Sea, and into the Gulf of Aden. They have used armed, unmanned aerial vehicles and boats to attack in international waters. They have supported terrorist attacks. All of these things can range coastguards-men, sailors, airmen, soldiers, marines, and hundreds of thousands of U.S. citi-zens we have in the region. My amendment will simply say that U.S. forces can engage in force protec-tion of our own troops and our own citizens in the region. I hope we can agree that our Armed Forces should be able to take action in self-defense of themselves and our citizens in the re-gion. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, once again, I urge rejection of this amend-ment. If passed, it would, again, render the underlying resolution a moot point. I would make two additional argu-ments against it: First, the entire ra-tionale that the Saudis used for the military campaign in Yemen is to pre-vent Houthi attacks against Saudi Ara-bia. So if this was an exemption, then the United States could fully partici-pate. Second, existing law already al-lows the U.S. Commander in Chief to protect U.S. troops against an attack or an imminent attack, and nothing in the resolution would take away the Commander in Chief’s power to protect U.S. troops either here in the United States or abroad. For those reasons, I would strongly oppose—that we object to this amend-ment which, if passed, would essen-tially gut the underlying resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to amend-ment No. 4098. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. TILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 45, nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 265 Leg.] YEAS—45 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford McConnell Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker 
NAYS—54 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The amendment was rejected. The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate, equal-ly divided, prior to the vote on passage. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, we are actually at a historic moment here in the U.S. Senate. I want to thank all of the Senators who in a very bipartisan way have come together to say that the United States will no longer par-ticipate in the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen, which has caused the worst humanitarian crisis on Earth, with 85,000 children already starving today. Today, we tell the despotic regime in Saudi Arabia that we will not be part of their military adventurism. Today, maybe in the most profound way, 45 years ago, the War Powers Act was passed—45 years ago. Today, for the first time, we are going to go forward utilizing that legislation and tell the President of the United States—and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.041 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7565 December 13, 2018 
any President, Democrat or Repub-lican—that the constitutional responsi-bility for making war rests with the U.S. Congress, not the White House. Let us pass this resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mrs. STABENOW. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 266 Leg.] YEAS—56 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NAYS—41 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford McConnell Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Heller Tillis 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 54), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 54 Whereas Congress has the sole power to de-clare war under article I, section 8, clause 11 of the United States Constitution; Whereas Congress has not declared war with respect to, or provided a specific statu-tory authorization for, the conflict between military forces led by Saudi Arabia, includ-ing forces from the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, Senegal, and Sudan (the Saudi-led coalition), against the Houthis, also known as Ansar Allah, in the Republic of Yemen; Whereas, since March 2015, members of the United States Armed Forces have been intro-duced into hostilities between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis, including pro-viding to the Saudi-led coalition aerial tar-geting assistance, intelligence sharing, and mid-flight aerial refueling; Whereas the United States has established a Joint Combined Planning Cell with Saudi Arabia, in which members of the United States Armed Forces assist in aerial tar-geting and help to coordinate military and intelligence activities; Whereas, in December 2017, Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis stated, ‘‘We have gone in to be very—to be helpful where we can in identifying how you do target anal-ysis and how you make certain you hit the right thing.’’; Whereas the conflict between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis constitutes, within the meaning of section 4(a) of the War Pow-ers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1543(a)), either hos-tilities or a situation where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances into which United States Armed Forces have been introduced; Whereas section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544(c)) states that ‘‘at any time that United States Armed Forces are engaged in hostilities outside the terri-tory of the United States, its possessions and territories without a declaration of war or specific statutory authorization, such forces shall be removed by the President if the Con-gress so directs’’; Whereas section 8(c) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1547(c)) defines the in-troduction of United States Armed Forces to include ‘‘the assignment of members of such armed forces to command, coordinate, par-ticipate in the movement of, or accompany the regular or irregular military forces of any foreign country or government when such military forces are engaged, or there exists an imminent threat that such forces will become engaged, in hostilities,’’ and ac-tivities that the United States is conducting in support of the Saudi-led coalition, includ-ing aerial refueling and targeting assistance, fall within this definition; Whereas section 1013 of the Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985 (50 U.S.C. 1546a) provides that any joint resolution or bill to require the re-moval of United States Armed Forces en-gaged in hostilities without a declaration of war or specific statutory authorization shall be considered in accordance with the expe-dited procedures of section 601(b) of the International Security and Arms Export Control Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–329; 90 Stat. 765); and Whereas no specific statutory authoriza-tion for the use of United States Armed Forces with respect to the conflict between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen has been enacted, and no provision of law explicitly authorizes the provision of targeting assistance or of midair refueling services to warplanes of Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates that are engaged in such conflict: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES FROM HOSTILITIES IN THE REPUBLIC OF YEMEN THAT HAVE NOT BEEN AUTHORIZED BY CON-GRESS. 
Pursuant to section 1013 of the Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985 (50 U.S.C. 1546a) and in accordance with the provisions of section 601(b) of the International Security Assistance and Arms Export Control Act of 1976 (Public Law 94– 329; 90 Stat. 765), Congress hereby directs the President to remove United States Armed Forces from hostilities in or affecting the Republic of Yemen, except United States Armed Forces engaged in operations directed at al Qaeda or associated forces, by not later than the date that is 30 days after the date of the adoption of this joint resolution (un-less the President requests and Congress au-thorizes a later date), and unless and until a declaration of war or specific authorization for such use of United States Armed Forces has been enacted. For purposes of this reso-lution, in this section, the term ‘‘hostilities’’ includes in-flight refueling of non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the ongoing civil war in Yemen. SEC. 2. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING CONTINUED MILITARY OPERATIONS AND COOPERATION WITH ISRAEL. 
Nothing in this joint resolution shall be construed to influence or disrupt any mili-tary operations and cooperation with Israel. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON RISKS POSED BY CEASING SAUDI ARABIA SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report as-sessing the risks posed to United States citi-zens and the civilian population of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia and the risk of regional humanitarian crises if the United States were to cease support operations with re-spect to the conflict between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON INCREASED RISK OF TER-RORIST ATTACKS TO UNITED STATES FORCES ABROAD, ALLIES, AND THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES IF SAUDI ARABIA CEASES YEMEN-RELATED INTELLIGENCE SHARING WITH THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report as-sessing the increased risk of terrorist at-tacks on United States Armed Forces abroad, allies, and to the continental United States if the Government of Saudi Arabia were to cease Yemen-related intelligence sharing with the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
f 
SUPPORTING A DIPLOMATIC SOLU-TION IN YEMEN AND CON-DEMNING THE MURDER OF JAMAL KHASHOGGI Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S.J. Res. 69. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 69) supporting a diplomatic solution in Yemen and con-demning the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to proceeding to the meas-ure? The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Reserving the right to object, I do not intend to object. I just want to say that on this resolu-tion, there is a central reason why I am not going to object. I don’t agree with some of the lan-guage that speaks about the economic interests we have with Saudi Arabia. I think their behavior is more than con-cerning, but what the distinguished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.044 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7566 December 13, 2018 
chairman on the Foreign Relations Committee is trying to do here at the core of it is the critical element. I am going to be supportive because of this one singular statement under the resolved clause by the Senate and the House of Representatives that the Senate ‘‘believes Crown Prince Moham-med bin Salman is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi.’’ Regardless of all of my other con-cerns about language, that is the cen-tral essence of what the chairman is going to do. I think it is incredibly im-portant for the Senate to speak on that issue and, hopefully, speak with one voice. With that, I withdraw my objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Reserving the right to object, I will not object, but I stand to support this. Jamal Khashoggi was a Virginia resi-dent. His children are American citi-zens and Virginia residents, and it is important for the Senate to speak on this matter. I withdraw the objection. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint reso-lution be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORKER. I know of no further debate on the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The preamble was agreed to. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 69) was passed as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 69 Whereas the ongoing civil war in Yemen has exacerbated that country’s humani-tarian crisis, in which nearly 12,000,000 peo-ple are suffering from ‘‘severe hunger,’’ ac-cording to the United Nations’ World Food Programme; Whereas there is no military solution to the conflict; Whereas the United States-Saudi Arabia relationship is important to United States national security and economic interests; Whereas the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has, in recent years, engaged in concerning behavior, including its conduct in the civil war in Yemen, apparent deten-tion of the Prime Minister of Lebanon, un-dermining the unity of the Gulf Cooperation Council, expulsion of the Canadian ambas-sador, suppression of dissent within the Kingdom, and the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; Whereas misleading statements by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia regarding the murder of Jamal Khashoggi have undermined trust and confidence in the longstanding friendship between the United States and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; and Whereas such erratic actions place unnec-essary strain on the United States-Saudi Arabia relationship, which is an essential element of regional stability: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Senate— (1) believes Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; (2) acknowledges the United States Gov-ernment has sanctioned 17 Saudi individuals under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) for their roles in the murder; (3) calls for the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to ensure appropriate accountability for all those responsible for Jamal Khashoggi’s murder; (4) calls on the Government of Saudi Ara-bia to release Raif Badawi, Samar Badawi, and the Saudi women’s rights activists who were arrested as political prisoners in 2018; (5) encourages the Government of Saudi Arabia to redouble its efforts to enact eco-nomic and social reforms; (6) calls on the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to respect the rights of its citizens and moderate its increasingly er-ratic foreign policy; (7) warns that the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia’s increasing purchases of military equipment from, and cooperation with, the Russian Federation and the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, challenges the strength and integrity of the long-standing military-to-military relationship between the United States and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and may introduce significant na-tional security and economic risks to both parties; (8) demands that all parties seek an imme-diate cease-fire and negotiated political solu-tion to the Yemen conflict and increased hu-manitarian assistance to the victims of the conflict; (9) condemns the Government of Iran’s pro-vision of advanced lethal weapons to Houthi rebels, which have perpetuated the conflict and have been used indiscriminately against civilian targets in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the Bab al Mandeb wa-terway; (10) condemns Houthi rebels for egregious human rights abuses, including torture, use of human shields, and interference with, and diversion of, humanitarian aid shipments; (11) demands that the Saudi-led coalition and all parties to the Yemen conflict seek to minimize civilian casualties at all times; (12) supports the peace negotiations cur-rently being managed by United Nations Special Envoy Martin Griffiths and encour-ages the United States Government to pro-vide all possible support to these diplomatic efforts; (13) declares that there is no statutory au-thorization for United States involvement in hostilities in the Yemen civil war; and (14) supports the end of air-to-air refueling of Saudi-led coalition aircraft operating in Yemen. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I want to thank our ranking member and my friend, Senator M
ENENDEZ , for his tre-mendous cooperation for many years but especially over this last week, and Senator K
AINE for coming in and sup-porting it. I want to reiterate what the ranking member just said. The Senate has now unanimously said that Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. That is a strong statement. I think it speaks to the values we hold dear, as the rest of this resolution does. I am glad the Senate is speaking with one voice, unanimously, toward this end. I thank the leader for accommo-dating—making this happen. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, be-fore the chairman on Foreign Relations Committee leaves, I want to thank him for his extraordinary leadership. This is a bit of a thicket here with different points of view, but as a result of what the chairman has just offered, it is a clear, unambiguous message about how we feel about what happened to this journalist. I want to thank him. Mr. CORKER. I thank the Senator. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
SAVE OUR SEAS ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that the Senate has re-ceived a message from the House to ac-company S. 756. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the mes-sage to accompany S. 756. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 756) entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 756 with a further amendment numbered 4108. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4109 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4108 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.045 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7567 December 13, 2018 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] for Mr. K ENNEDY proposes an amend-ment numbered 4109 to amendment No. 4108. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons to notify each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is impris-oned the date on which the prisoner will be released) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: Redesignate section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, as section 3636. After section 3634 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3635. NOTIFICATION. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(1) notify each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released or if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, next of kin of a victim; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available the rearrest data of each prisoner, the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned, and any prior of-fense for which the prisoner was imprisoned, broken down by State, of any prisoner in prerelease custody or supervised release under section 3624.’’. In section 3624(g)(1) of title 18, as added by section 102(b)(1)(B) of this Act, add at the be-ginning of subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(B) has been certified by the warden that the prisoner has been determined by the war-den to have the programmatic, security, and reentry needs of the prisoner best met by being placed in prerelease custody or super-vised release, after the warden— ‘‘(i) has notified each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned of such potential placement (or, if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, the next of kin of a victim); and ‘‘(ii) has reviewed any statement regarding such placement made by the victim or next of kin of the victim, as applicable, after the notification described in clause (i); and In section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, add at the end the following: ‘‘(lxiii) Section 2422, relating to coercion and enticement. ‘‘(lxiv) Section 249, relating to hate crimes. ‘‘(lxv) Section 752, relating to instigating or aiding escape from Federal custody. ‘‘(lxvi) Subsection (a) or (d) of section 2113, relating to bank robbery involving violence or risk of death. ‘‘(lxvii) Section 2119(1), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’). ‘‘(lxviii) Section 111(a), relating to assault-ing, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees. ‘‘(lxix) Any of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 113(a), relating to assault with intent to commit any felony (except murder or a violation of section 2241 or 2242), assault with a dangerous weapon, assault by striking, beating, or wounding, assault against a child, or assault resulting in serious bodily injury. ‘‘(lxx) Any offense described in section 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5)) that is not otherwise listed in this subsection, relat-ing to sex offenses, for which the offender is sentenced to a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year. ‘‘(lxxi) Any offense that is not otherwise listed in this subsection for which the of-fender is sentenced to a term of imprison-ment of more than 1 year, and— ‘‘(I) has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another, or ‘‘(II) that, based on the facts of the offense, involved a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of an-other may have been used in the course of committing the offense. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask that the sec-ond-degree amendment be divided in three parts in the form at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. The amendment, as divided, is as fol-lows: 
(Purpose: To require the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons to notify each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is impris-oned the date on which the prisoner will be released) 
DIVISION I  At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: Redesignate section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, as section 3636. After section 3634 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3635. NOTIFICATION. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(1) notify each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released or if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, next of kin of a victim; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available the rearrest data of each prisoner, the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned, and any prior of-fense for which the prisoner was imprisoned, broken down by State, of any prisoner in prerelease custody or supervised release under section 3624.’’. 
DIVISION II  In section 3624(g)(1) of title 18, as added by section 102(b)(1)(B) of this Act, add at the be-ginning of subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(B) has been certified by the warden that the prisoner has been determined by the war-den to have the programmatic, security, and reentry needs of the prisoner best met by being placed in prerelease custody or super-vised release, after the warden— ‘‘(i) has notified each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned of such potential placement (or, if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, the next of kin of a victim); and ‘‘(ii) has reviewed any statement regarding such placement made by the victim or next of kin of the victim, as applicable, after the notification described in clause (i); and 
DIVISION III  In section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, add at the end the following: ‘‘(lxiii) Section 2422, relating to coercion and enticement. ‘‘(lxiv) Section 249, relating to hate crimes. ‘‘(lxv) Section 752, relating to instigating or aiding escape from Federal custody. ‘‘(lxvi) Subsection (a) or (d) of section 2113, relating to bank robbery involving violence or risk of death. ‘‘(lxvii) Section 2119(1), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’). ‘‘(lxviii) Section 111(a), relating to assault-ing, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees. ‘‘(lxix) Any of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 113(a), relating to assault with intent to commit any felony (except murder or a violation of section 2241 or 2242), assault with a dangerous weapon, assault by striking, beating, or wounding, assault against a child, or assault resulting in serious bodily injury. ‘‘(lxx) Any offense described in section 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5)) that is not otherwise listed in this subsection, relat-ing to sex offenses, for which the offender is sentenced to a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year. ‘‘(lxxi) Any offense that is not otherwise listed in this subsection for which the of-fender is sentenced to a term of imprison-ment of more than 1 year, and— ‘‘(I) has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another, or ‘‘(II) that, based on the facts of the offense, involved a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of an-other may have been used in the course of committing the offense. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 756, a bill to reauthorize and amend the Ma-rine Debris Act to promote international ac-tion to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes, with a further amendment num-bered SA 4108. Mitch McConnell, Mike Lee, John Cor-nyn, Chuck Grassley, Orrin G. Hatch, Tim Scott, Steve Daines, Jerry Moran, Todd Young, Susan M. Collins, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Lamar Alex-ander, Lindsey Graham, Jeff Flake, Rob Portman, Joni Ernst. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AGRICULTURE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018  
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon, along with my distin-guished colleague and the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry Committee, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.047 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7568 December 13, 2018 
discuss the farm bill conference re-port—the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. I am grateful that my colleagues ap-proved this measure with strong sup-port. The vote was 87 to 13 earlier this week. I also applaud Members of the House for following suit with a simi-larly strong vote yesterday, and we look forward to the President signing the conference report into law soon. The level of support is what happens when the Congress works in a bipar-tisan and bicameral fashion. Senator S
TABENOW and I started by listening to producers in Manhattan, KS, and then in Michigan. We continued to listen to stakeholders from all over the country. This is a good bill that accomplishes what producers asked us to do—first we listened; then they asked—to provide certainty and predictability for farm-ers and families in our rural commu-nities. The 2018 farm bill meets the needs of producers across all regions and all crops. It doesn’t matter what you grow, and it doesn’t matter whether you grow it in Kansas or elsewhere in this country—this bill is designed to work for you. It ensures that our voluntary conservation programs will keep farm-land in operation while protecting our agricultural lands, forests, and other natural resources. The bill focuses on program integ-rity—requiring better management to address challenges with fraud and abuse—and commonsense investments to strengthen our nutrition programs to ensure the long-term success of those truly in need of assistance. We make sure SNAP Employment and Training coordinates with the private sector to provide the skills that are needed for the jobs that are available in the workforce, and with trade and market uncertainty, to say the least, the bill provides certainty for our trade promotion and research programs. Feeding an increasing global popu-lation is not simply an agriculture challenge; it is a national security challenge. This means we need to grow more and raise more with fewer re-sources. That will take investments in research, new technology, lines of cred-it, animal health activities, and proper risk management. It takes the govern-ment providing tools and then its get-ting out of the producers’ way. More than 900—and counting—organizations that represent millions of agriculture, food, nutrition, hunger, forestry, con-servation, rural, business, faith-based, research, and academic interests have issued statements of support. On behalf of the taxpayer, we have made tough choices and have been very judicious with the scarce resources we have. This is a budget-neutral bill. Most importantly, this farm bill pro-vides our ranchers, our farmers, and other rural stakeholders in Kansas and throughout the country with much needed certainty and predictability. Simply put, getting this bill done has taken a team effort. I would like to thank my staff members who are as follows: Staff Director James Glueck, DaNita Murray, Janae Brady, Fred Clark, Meghan Cline, Haley Donahue, Matt Erickson, Darin Guries, Chance Hunley, Chu Hwang, Chelsie Keys, Sara Little, Curt Mann, Andy Rezendes, Rob Rosado, Wayne Stoskopf, Katherine Thomas, and Andrew Vlasaty. From my personal office, I thank Jackie Cottrell, Amber Kirchhoefer, Will Staf-ford, Morgan Anderson, Stacy Daniels, and Ray Price. I especially thank the distinguished ranking member, Senator S TABENOW , and her team, which is led by Joe Shultz and Jacqlyn Schneider. She has been a great partner throughout the Senate and conference committee proc-ess. There were some tough days, but we both worked together to get the job done. I am also grateful to Chairman M
IKE C
ONAWAY and Ranking Member C OLLIN  P
ETERSON as well as their staff mem-bers on the House Agriculture Com-mittee. The efforts of Jessie Williams, Aman-da Kelly, Bobby Mehta, Katie Salay, and Micah Wortham have been invalu-able to the Senate Ag Committee and the conference process. Additionally, I thank the technical support from Secretary Perdue—the Secretary of Agriculture has been sim-ply outstanding—as well as his staff down at the U.S. Department of Agri-culture. He has been a great and valu-able partner throughout this process. We are grateful for his support and the President’s support of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and growers. I also appreciate the work of the Con-gressional Budget Office’s staff, includ-ing Tiffany Arthur, Megan Carroll, Kathleen FitzGerald, Jennifer Gray, Jim Langley, and Robert Reese, as well as of the Congressional Research Serv-ice, including Val Heitshusen and Eliz-abeth Rybicki. Finally, I am grateful for the help of the legislative counsels in the Senate: Heather Burnham, Deanna Edwards, Larissa Eltsefon, Christina Kennelly, Heather Lowell, Mark Mazzone, and Patrick Ryan. My apologies to all of those folks whose names I just mis-pronounced. The staff members have done a fan-tastic job, and I am pleased they are members of our team. My predecessor in this business—and one of my mentors a long time ago— was Senator Frank Carlson, of Kansas, who said there are no self-made men and women in public office, that it is your friends who make you what you are. I apply that to staff. All of the people I have just mentioned represent a great team effort in our getting this legislation passed in such fine fashion. For all of them—and especially to my fellow Senators—we are grateful for the support we have received this week. Together, we have done what we were sent here to do—work in a bipar-tisan, bicameral manner. This is a good bill for farmers, ranchers, growers, con-sumers—many of whom may take their food supply for granted—families and rural and smalltown America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise to discuss a true bipartisan victory along with my friend and colleague, the leader of our Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee. I hear a lot of people say that biparti-sanship is all too rare these days, but in our committee, it is our bread and butter. Specifically, I thank my partner and friend, Chairman PATROBERTS . He is the only person to have written a farm bill as both the chair of the House and Senate Agriculture Committees. Kan-sas is fortunate to have such a cham-pion, and all of American agriculture owes him a debt of gratitude for his persistence, doggedness, and tenacity. Maybe it is his Marine training, but he never gave up on this bill even when negotiations got tough. Maybe I could be an honorary marine. He also knows that to do anything big, it takes a team approach. Thanks to his commit-ment to bipartisanship, we were able to achieve a real historic victory. This summer, Chairman R
OBERTS and I made history by passing our Senate farm bill by 86 votes, and I am pleased to say we beat that record this week by passing the final bill by 87 votes—the most ever. One of the reasons I love my work on the Agriculture Committee is that the work we do truly affects everyone. From the well-being of our children to the viability of rural America, to the health of our lakes, rivers, and streams, to our access to the most abundant, most affordable, safest food supply in the world, the farm bill im-pacts all of us. I like to say it is our rural economic development plan for the country, and that has been true since the very first one in the 1930s. In the wake of the Great Depression, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the first farm bill to get agriculture and our economy back on track. Over the past 80 years, the role of the farm bill has evolved alongside our ag-ricultural and rural economy. In the 1970s, nutrition assistance was linked to the farm bill for the first time, marking a major step in strengthening the connection between our farms and food. In the 1980s, we saw the first ever conservation title, demonstrating the critical role of preserving land, water, and wildlife while supporting working farms. In the 1990s, thanks to the lead-ership of my friend Senator P
ATRICK  L
EAHY , we recognized evolving con-sumer preferences through the creation of the National Organic Program. There is, of course, the landmark 1996 farm bill, in which then-House Chair-man R
OBERTS first left his mark, tack-ling one of the biggest challenges in farm policy—reducing the incentive for farmers to plant for payments rather than for markets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.051 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7569 December 13, 2018 
In 2008, I was proud to author the cre-ation of the first-ever specialty crop title, recognizing fruit and vegetable growers and local food systems for the first time. In 2014, we made major reforms to commodity programs, streamlined our conservation title, and made specialty crop research and clean energy pro-grams a permanent part of the farm bill. Each of these changes represented a leap forward in farm and food policy and progress to broaden the farm bill to support every corner of America and American agriculture. The momentum toward recognizing the diversity of our farm and food economy has truly accelerated over the past 15 years. Now, in every title of the farm bill, you can find policies that re-flect the wide variety of things we grow and how we grow them. I am proud to say that this farm bill has continued the trajectory of progress to diversify American agri-culture. From expanded crop insurance to historic assurance for urban farmers and improved coverage options for our dairy farmers, this bill helps all types of farms, all sizes of farms, and farmers in every region of the country. In order to cultivate the next genera-tion of agriculture, we made perma-nent investments to support veterans, socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers, and we expanded agricultural market opportunities so that our farm-ers can make a living. Historic investments in organic farming help producers tap into one of the fastest growing sectors of agri-culture. New, permanent support for international trade promotion will help our farmers sell their products abroad. Streamlined, permanent investments for farmers markets, food hubs, and local food processing will help our farmers sell to their neighbors. While we know the farm bill supports our farmers, it also supports our fami-lies. We protected access to food assist-ance and said no to partisan changes that would take away food from those who need it most, while still working to improve access to healthy food and improving the program’s integrity. I hope the administration takes note of this and does not try to push forward with regulations that conflict with the farm bill’s bipartisan approach to pro-tecting food assistance. We continue the farm bill’s legacy as one of the largest investments in land and water conservation. This bill main-tains conservation investments and re-jects harmful provisions that would jeopardize drinking water and public lands. Instead, we focused on successful conservation partnerships that will ac-tually grow funding by leveraging nearly $3 billion in new private invest-ment over the next decade. We also lift up our small towns and rural communities and celebrate what makes them great places to live and raise a family. By making strong in-vestments in rural water infrastruc-ture and high-speed internet, we help revitalize rural America and grow op-portunities. These important priorities have been 80 years in the making, and there are a number of people I would like to thank for working hard to continue the leg-acy of this farm bill. Of course, I want to thank my leader, our Democratic leader, for his leader-ship and support throughout this proc-ess; the majority leader, who made sure this bill moved quickly on the Senate floor and was an active partici-pant in the Agriculture Committee, as well; and, of course, my partner, Sen-ator R
OBERTS , who stayed true to our commitment to deliver a bipartisan bill. I want to thank our counterparts in the House, Chairman C
ONAWAY and Ranking Member P
ETERSON , for their hard work throughout this process, and all of our colleagues in the House and Senate who supported this bill with historic votes in the House and the Senate. I also want to thank my incredible staff, who have worked so hard for al-most 2 years to bring this farm bill to the finish line: my committee staff di-rector, Joe Shultz and deputy staff di-rector and policy director, Jacqlyn Schneider, who both led this process; our legal team, led by our chief coun-sel, Mary Beth Schultz, and our fellow, Ward Griffin; our amazing commodities and livestock team, Mike Schmidt and Kyle Varner, for supporting our farm-ers, with the help of farm bill veteran, Susan Keith, and our fellow, Riya Mehta; on team conservation, Ashley McKeon and Rosalyn Brumette, who protected our land and water, with the help of USDA detailee, Lindsay White; our forestry and environmental expert, Sean Babington, who preserved wildlife habitat and public lands; Katie Naessens, for her work to support the innovative future of agriculture, with the help of Dominique Warren; our rural development and energy expert, Kevin Bailey, for creating opportuni-ties for our small towns; Katie Bergh, who led our work on trade and food aid to help our farmers feed the world. I would like to thank, as well, my staff in my personal office: my chief of staff, Mike VanKuiken; legislative di-rector, Emily Carwell; deputy chief of staff, Anne Stanski; my senior aide, Krystal Lattany; my communications director, Matt Williams; ag press sec-retary, Jess McCarron; and the rest of the communications team, Miranda Margowsky, Nirmeen Fahmy, and Amy Phillips Bursch; my State team, led by Teresa Plachetka, and our Michigan ag expert, Kali Fox. I want to thank everyone on Senator Robert’s team, especially James Glueck and DaNita Murray, true pro-fessionals who exemplified how to lead a farm bill conference. We spent a lot of time together, and I say to the Senator: I know you spent a lot of time with Joe and Jacqlyn on our team. I think at the end, we were working as one team, and that is some-thing I am very, very grateful for. I also thank Jessie Williams—as the chairman has said—Amanda Kelly, Bobby Mehta, and everyone who worked behind the scenes on the Ag Committee. I also appreciate our floor staff, those in the leadership staff office who are so important, and CBO. Of course, I say thank you to all of the members of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee and their staffs. With a lot of hard work by a long list of very talented people, this Congress has passed a strong bill that supports the 16 million jobs in America that de-pend on agriculture and our food econ-omy. I look forward to the President of the United States signing this bill into law as soon as possible. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I first wanted to thank Senator R
OBERTS  and Senator S
TABENOW for their fine leadership on this farm bill, as well as their staffs. I had a great opportunity to thank them. This was something that was univer-sally well accepted and exciting for our State and, really, for every State in the country—the way we got 87 votes. As I noted, at home, we don’t get that many votes for a volleyball resolution. It really put the bill in a good place to get this done. I thank them for their leadership. I also want to thank Brian Werner from my own staff, who has long worked on these issues, as well as at home, Andy Martin and Chuck Ackman, who have done ag work for us in Minnesota. I thank them for their work on this bill as well. 
TRIBUTE TO CLAIRE MCCASKILL  
Mr. President, I am here to make some brief remarks about two of my fa-vorite colleagues who are leaving us. They are both good friends of mine, both from the middle of the country, and both extraordinary leaders. I will start with my friend, Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL . Senator M CCASKILL  and I were first elected at the same time, so we came in together. During our years of serving together, I have seen this strong, incredible woman stand up for the people of Mis-souri and stand up for the people of this country. We were the only two women in our Senate class when we came in. One of my first memories of C
LAIRE , which oc-curred near the beginning of our time in the Senate, was that we were driving out of the Capitol together to go speak 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.052 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7570 December 13, 2018 
at an event. I looked out the window, and there was my husband John walk-ing across the lawn with a pink box. She sees him, and she looks at me, and she says: What is John doing, walking across the Capitol lawn with a pink gift-wrapped box? I yelled out the car window, and I said: What are you doing with the pink box? He yelled back: It is the Senate spouse club event. I am going to Jim Webb’s wife’s baby shower. C
LAIRE looked at my husband and said, in her typical, blunt way: That is the sexiest thing I have ever seen. That is C
LAIRE . We were rejoicing together in the car at that moment, as we thought we were witnessing a milestone in Senate spouse history but also in our own his-tories and in the journey of having more women in the Senate. C
LAIRE is someone who never keeps quiet, who always speaks her mind, and that is so refreshing. When she found out about the sub-standard care for our veterans at Wal-ter Reed, she took it on. She was a freshman Senator, but she wasn’t quiet, and she took it on. Her dad was a veteran, and she felt that the veterans of today deserve the same quality care that he got. That is the kind of leadership she has always shown. She never backs down, especially in the face of corruption. I think a lot of that was because of her work as a pros-ecutor. We shared that in common. If there were rights that needed to be respected—great. If there were wrongs that needed to be righted, she was right there. She is never afraid to speak truth to power. By the way, in her own words, she is now unleashed, and I know that will continue in a big way. Whether she is at a hearing or writ-ing one of her famous tweets, she does it in a voice that is 100 percent authen-tic and 100 percent C
LAIRE MCCASKILL . I will never forget when she was grill-ing Wall Street executives at a Senate hearing for their role in the financial crisis, and she said: ‘‘You guys have less oversight than a pit boss in Las Vegas.’’ That is one example. As Missouri’s former State auditor and as someone who worked her way through school as a waitress, Senator M
CCASKILL has always rightfully de-manded accountability for those in po-sitions of power. We saw it again when she stood up to opioid manufacturers and distributors, investigating suspicious shipments of these dangerous drugs in communities across the country. We saw it with her leadership in the fight against sex assault and online sex trafficking, where she worked to take on backpage. We saw it in her fight to strengthen the role of independent watchdogs at our Federal Agencies and to expand protections for whistleblowers. We saw it every time she stood up for American consumers, highlighting the challenges that consumers often face when they get errors on their credit re-ports or when they have fraudulent robocalls. I would always think of how she would challenge the commonsense wis-dom of her beloved mom, Betty, who is no longer with us. I had the honor to meet Betty. So whenever I would watch CLAIRE take on these crimes—es-pecially crimes against seniors—and speak out about them, I would always think of her mom and how her mom was such an early, powerful feminist and a woman who stood up and spoke truth to power. Perhaps most of all, as I mentioned earlier, we saw it her work with Walter Reed on behalf of our Nation’s vet-erans. In addition to the work she did in calling out what was happening at Walter Reed, it was C
LAIRE who found out that contracting failures had led to thousands of graves at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery being unmarked or improperly marked. It was C
LAIRE whose legislation over-hauled the IT systems at Arlington and ultimately held the Secretary of the Army accountable. That was trademark C
LAIRE : seeing an injustice, uncovering it, speaking out, and then never giving up until it is fixed. That is what she has done time and again. What is cool about C
LAIRE , despite what I wish had not happened—that she didn’t win her election—is, she is the most resilient person I know, and she will continue to serve and continue to do that work in her way. After a former political opponent once accused her of being unladylike, she once told an Iowa audience that the traits needed to excel in leader-ship—to speak out, be strong, take charge, change the world—are traits she sees as very, very ladylike. C
LAIRE has shown us how to be both strong and ladylike. It has been my privilege to serve with her. I am so honored to call her friend, and I am ex-cited about what is to come for C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL . 
TRIBUTE TO JOE DONNELLY  
Mr. President, I am going to talk about my friend, Senator D
ONNELLY — also someone who made extraordinary contributions to his State, the State of Indiana, as well as to our country. Indiana holds a special place in my heart. My husband, John, was born there. His parents met in a ballroom dance class at Ball State, of all places. Our States share a lot of confusion because people always seem to not be able to tell the difference between Indi-anapolis and Minneapolis. There is a difference. We share some thriving metropolitan areas and a lot of tech jobs, things like that, in our two major metropolitan areas, but we also share rural areas. Whenever I visited Indiana—and you know how much Indiana loves cars— well, J
OEDONNELLY loves driving. I have been with him in South Bend, where he went to school at Notre Dame, close to where he lives in Granger. Actually, I will never forget one time when I was in Indianapolis for something, and JOEdrove all the way just to accompany me on this trip. He was by himself, drove down there, and drove me around to these campaign events. He always had his lunch bag with him just in case he needed some lunch—a paper bag—but then he de-cided he would treat me to his favorite lunch stop, Panera Bread. He also believes in a simple idea about public service; that is, you don’t just go where it is comfortable, you go where it is uncomfortable. J
OEDON-
NELLY exhibits that kind of leadership by taking on the tough issues every time he can. For J
OE, that has meant going to factories that have been shut down to meet with the employees or standing with former Indianapolis United Steelworkers leader Chuck Jones, who took on the President over jobs at an Indiana plant that were being sent to Mexico. Later, at his retirement party, Chuck Jones said of J
OEDONNELLY ’s efforts on behalf of the workers: He got it done and he didn’t get the fanfare, but peo-ple benefited all the same. That is what is so special, so power-ful about J
OEDONNELLY ’s leadership. He doesn’t always get all the attention he deserves, but he has this incredible, understated strength and conviction. He has this great sense of humor that I wish everyone could see. Mostly, he has been a champion for the people of his State, whether it was farmers when he served on the Agri-culture Committee—he recently worked with Senator S
TABENOW and others to get that farm bill done— whether it is the work he has done in the Armed Services Committee on be-half of our military, or whether it is working with our servicemembers to make sure they get the mental health care they need and deserve. Because of J
OE’s convictions, his very first bill as a Senator was the Jacob Sexton Mili-tary Suicide Prevention Act, which re-quired annual mental health assess-ments for all servicemembers. Because of his leadership, that legislation be-came the law of the land. He also teamed up with Senator Y
OUNG on a bill to improve mental health services for the law enforcement officers who sacrifice so much to keep our commu-nities safe. J
OEhas stood up in the fight against the opioid epidemic, passing legislation to help ensure that nonaddictive medi-cations are developed and that sub-stance abuse and treatment providers work in areas that have high overdose rates, like our rural communities. J
OEstood up against high rates on student loans by helping our students pay for school with our Empowering Student Borrowers Act. Whenever you are lucky enough to work with J
OEDONNELLY , you see his heart, his effectiveness, that twinkle in his eye, and you also see his caring work that he does every single day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.053 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7571 December 13, 2018 
One of my funniest moments with J
OEis I called him once when a report came out that showed how much money people have when they are in Congress, and they always have the richest Members at the top, and you keep looking down to see where you end up. I called J
OEDONNELLY once and said: Guess what. We are tied. We have the same amount of money. J
OEDONNELLY , without missing a beat, said: I am sorry. I am sorry for you. In any case, that was him. Earlier this year, Senator D
ONNELLY  was at a practice for the Democrats on the congressional baseball team. He was chatting with Congressman S
TEVE  S
CALISE , who had been a victim of that horrific shooting at a practice the year before. When asked about the majority whip’s return to the field, J
OEsaid: It is great to see him. You know, in the end, we are all brothers and sisters. It is very sad to be losing one of my favorite brothers here in the Senate, but what I know is this: J
OEDONNELLY  will never stop. He is going to be doing great work. He will always do great work, and we look forward to seeing him again. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO REX BUFFINGTON  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to recognize Rex Buffington, who is retiring next year after 30 years as the executive di-rector of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. Mr. Buffington had a tall order to fill in 1988 when he was named the first ex-ecutive director of the newly created Stennis Center. This native of Meridian had been selected by John Stennis him-self, demonstrating the confidence the Senator must have had in the young man. After all, the center would bear Stennis’ name and would be located at his alma mater, Mississippi State Uni-versity. The center would be a living tribute to his 41-year career in the Sen-ate, which is still one of the longest in our Nation’s history. Under Rex Buffington’s leadership and guidance, the Stennis Center has fulfilled its purpose as set forth by Congress. The center was established by statute for the purpose of ‘‘pro-moting public service as a career choice’’ and providing training and education to State and local leaders, congressional staff, and students. As part of the legislative branch, the Stennis Center is subject to annual oversight, and it has always proved its value. A major success of the center— and no doubt a credit to its longevity— is the reach of its leadership develop-ment programs. The center truly offers something for everyone, whether that person be a student body president, a Hill intern, a veteran staffer, or a Member of Congress. One of the center’s best known pro-grams is the Congressional Staff Fel-lows Program, which counts among its alumni hundreds of senior level staff-ers. These chiefs of staff, staff direc-tors, and legislative directors—rep-resenting different political parties, different parts of the country, and both congressional Chambers—are given the opportunity to discuss the challenges facing Congress and how it can work better for the American people. Through this important dialogue, the program not only brings a wealth of talent to the table but also opens the door to future collaboration between staffers who might otherwise never have met. Rex Buffington is also a key sup-porter of the Stennis-Montgomery As-sociation, a collaboration between the Stennis Center and the G.V. ‘‘Sonny’’ Montgomery Foundation, named after another graduate of Mississippi State University. The association encourages greater political participation among a group of MSU students of all back-grounds and academic disciplines. When these students visit Washington, I never fail to meet with them, and I never fail to be impressed. Another of the center’s signature events is the annual Southern Women in Political Service Conference. Since 1991, the conference has brought to-gether a diverse group of women in pol-itics to learn new skills and make new connections. Rex was certainly ahead of his time in recognizing the need to bring more women to the table as im-portant policy decisions are made at every level of government. Rex learned firsthand from the ‘‘Sen-ator’s Senator,’’ as Senator Stennis was known, that a good mentor can have a profound impact on a young leader’s career. He created the Emerg-ing Leaders Program to connect senior congressional staff with those still early in their careers—a nod to Sen-ator Stennis’ legacy of lending his time and wisdom to new lawmakers. In keeping with Senator Stennis’ support for our Armed Forces, culmi-nating in his role as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Rex Buffington implemented initiatives to recognize military leaders and give them opportunities to speak directly with Members of Congress, often on an informal basis. As part of this initia-tive, I was privileged to cohost a series of meetings with Senator R
EED to bring together Members of this body and senior members of the military. Rex Buffington and his staff of eight—four in Starkville and four in Washington—have encouraged young Americans to take part in their com-munities and their government. This small but mighty team has helped to build productive working relationships and lasting friendships between Demo-crats and Republicans, House and Sen-ate staffers, and those at different stages in their careers. The Senate and House are better because of Rex Buffington and the Stennis Center. Our work product is better. Many of my colleagues would agree, and I mention in particular my friend, Senator COONS  from Delaware, who served with me on the center’s board of trustees. It is my understanding that Senator C
OONS may be submitting remarks for the R
ECORD  in honor of Rex’s career. I have no doubt that retirement will bring more opportunities for Rex to serve the Starkville community and to spend time with his wife, Anne, and their two children, John Gavin and Catherine. He certainly will not sit still in retirement. I offer this unsung hero, Rex Buffington, my sincere thanks for making the Stennis Center what it is today, and I wish him all the best in his next chapter. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, today, I am pleased to join my colleague Sen-ator W
ICKER in honoring Rex Buffington, a friend and public servant who will soon retire from the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership, where he has served as ex-ecutive director for three decades. Rex was present at the center’s founding and has been instrumental in the devel-opment and success of this important legislative branch institution. He em-bodies the essence of its mission which endeavors to inspire and train new gen-erations of leaders who seek out public service. The late Senator John C. Stennis, who founded the center, embodied this commitment to public service, not only in his relationships with his col-leagues, who called him a ‘‘Senator’s Senator,’’ but to all who admired the way he lived his life. Integrity, cour-age, commitment to duty, and hard work are among the core principles that marked his time in the Senate. Given the late Senator’s focus on public service, the Stennis Center’s congressional mandate became clear— to attract young people to careers in public service, to provide training for leaders and future leaders in public service, and to offer training and devel-opment opportunities for senior con-gressional staff, Members of Congress, and other public servants. Rex has played a vital role in helping to realize Senator Stennis’s vision. Rex has said: 
The Stennis Center believes that no gov-ernment, regardless of its history and struc-ture, can be better than the people who make it work. That is why our focus is on people over policy. We are confident that if we can get the best possible people in public service leadership, we will also get good pol-icy. 
From the creation of the Stennis Center in 1988, Rex Buffington has com-mitted himself to memorializing those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.054 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7572 December 13, 2018 
ideals the late Senator Stennis em-bodied. At its core, the Stennis Center operates a unique, bipartisan develop-ment program for 30 of the most out-standing high-ranking congressional staff in the House and Senate. Best known for the flagship Stennis Con-gressional Staff Fellowship Program, Rex has ushered in nearly 400 senior- level congressional staff members through this practical, bipartisan, bi-cameral leadership development expe-rience established in the 103rd Con-gress. These veteran staff members have in turn started a mentoring pro-gram for younger congressional staff, called Emerging Leaders. Rex sought out many other ways to honor public service. He has been a strong supporter of our Nation’s mili-tary servicemembers. Honoring the late Senator Stennis’s relationship with the defense community, Rex has cultivated a unique civilian-military relations portfolio of programs at the Stennis Center. He was also instru-mental in establishing programs that have inspired leaders at every level— from high school to newly elected Members of Congress. For example, over 300,000 high school students from across the country annually compete for a spot at the John C. Stennis Na-tional Student Congress. Rex’s hard work and dedication have been integral to the success of the Stennis Center and to thousands of public servants who have benefited from his counsel and leadership. Prior to being appointed executive director, Rex served as Senator Sten-nis’s press secretary and chief spokes-person and played a major role in shap-ing the Senator’s legislative strategy. He has long been active in his local community and his church, serving in a variety of roles supporting youth, ad-vocating for education, and partici-pating in organizations such as Scout-ing, the United Way, the Rotary Club, the Boys and Girls Club, and many more. Rex was born and raised in Meridian, MS, and graduated from Mississippi State University with a degree in com-munication. He started out as a news reporter for the Memphis Commercial Appeal before moving to Washington to work for Senator Stennis. Rex has long been a steady, thought-ful, and committed leader. He has dedi-cated his professional life to the bipar-tisan work of promoting and strength-ening the highest ideals of public serv-ice leadership in America and has pro-vided vital services and resources to Members of Congress and their staff for 30 years. I want to thank Rex and his family for their commitment to public service, and I wish them all the best in the future. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF SANDY HOOK  
ELEMENTARY  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to remember those killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT, in 2012, just 6 years ago. Tomorrow will be the anniversary of that horrible day, when America lost 20 first graders and 6 adults in one of the worst mass shootings in our Nation’s history. Since 2012, I have kept—and I know others have done similar things to re-mind us—one page from a newspaper on my desk in the Russell Building. I will not show all of it, but here is the top half of it. It is obviously yellowed from 6 years. It just happens to be the Wall Street Journal, dated Monday, Decem-ber 17, 2012. At the top of the page it says: Connecticut school shooting. The headline there just says two words: Shattered lives. Then it gives a photo-graph of almost every child and every adult. They missed a few because of the timing of this. But then it has a biog-raphy of each individual killed. As I said, 20 of them were children. We have to remember tragedies like this to remind ourselves of our obliga-tion—on many issues, but this is cer-tainly one of them. I wanted to start by reading the names of all of those 26 Americans who were killed on that day. I will just read through them, and after reading each name I will also note the age of the individual on that horrible day in December of 2012: Charlotte Bacon, 6 years old; Daniel Barden 7; Rachel D’Avino, 29; Olivia Engel, 6; Josephine Gay, 7; Dylan Hockley, 6; Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, 47; Madeleine Hsu, 6; Catherine Hub-bard, 6; Chase Kowalski, 7; Jesse Lewis, 6; Ana Marquez-Greene, 6; James Mattioli, 6; Grace McDonnell, 7; Anne Marie Murphy, 52; Emilie Parker, 6; Jack Pinto, 6; Noah Pozner, 6; Caroline Previdi, 6; Jessica Rekos, 6; Avielle Richman, 6; Lauren Rousseau, 30; Mary Sherlach, 56; Victoria Soto, 27; Ben-jamin Wheeler, 6; and, Allison Wyatt, age 6. Those are the 26 individuals. There are so many ways to express our sorrow and to continue mourning as we did as a nation. I can’t even imagine what each family had to live through and still lives through today, and how that community had to endure in that moment of horror—those days of horror and mourning and sadness and all these years later. The great recording artist Bruce Springsteen, after the 9/11 attacks, wrote a number of songs reflecting upon that tragedy. One of the songs he wrote—at least the lyrics that I re-member—probably capture the same sentiment that we all think about when we are thinking about that kind of a tragedy. The name of the song is ‘‘You’re Missing,’’ and a refrain of the song goes like this: 
You’re missing, when I shut out the lights. You’re missing, when I close my eyes. You’re missing, when I see the sun rise. 
I am sure that has been the cir-cumstance for those families every day, missing the loved one—for 20 of those families missing a loved one who was age 6 or age 7, and for 6 other fami-lies missing an adult family member of various ages. We have a lot to do in this body, not only in the next couple of days but cer-tainly as we start both the new year and a new Congress. This scourge of vi-olence, which has consumed our coun-try for so many years now, should be at the top of that list of priority issues we focus on. Just think about it this way: The 20 children who died at Sandy Hook would be in the seventh grade right now. As we still mourn, we must make sure that we come together to make sure no other family has to en-dure a tragedy like that. The shooting at Sandy Hook was a turning point for me as a public official and I am sure a turning point for many Americans about what our obligation is to respond to this problem. The trag-edy in Connecticut fundamentally changed the way I view both our Na-tion’s response to gun violence and my own responsibility as a public official. I believe that each of us has an obliga-tion to help take action, to work as Members of the U.S. Senate. I would include Members of the House, of course, and the executive branch. We must continually ask ourselves a number of questions. One of those ques-tions surely is, Is there nothing our Na-tion can do to try to prevent this kind of tragedy or other tragedies that we will note in a few moments? Is there nothing we can do to prevent this? There is no law, no action, no policy change on which we can come together to at least reduce the likelihood that we will have another mass shooting in a grade school or in a lot of other places around the country? Some people here in Washington seem to believe that there literally is nothing we can do, the most powerful country in the world that has solved some big problems. We haven’t solved all of them. We have solved some pret-ty tough problems in this Chamber and in the other body, the House, working together on a number of big issues over the years. But on this one, some people in Washington just throw up their hands and say there is nothing we can do—absolutely not a single law that we can pass—other than enforce existing law; that that is all we can do, and we hope that enforcement will reduce the likelihood, but if it doesn’t, then we just have to throw up our hands. I don’t believe that. I don’t think many Americans believe that no matter what side of the political aisle they are on. I believe we have an obligation to take a couple of steps. The first one ought to be easy because some of the data tells us that it is supported by 90 percent of Americans or maybe even more than 90 percent; that is, universal background checks. We undertook an effort in the Senate in 2013, in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massacre, and we made progress on getting bipartisan support for a uni-versal background check bill, but we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.018 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7573 December 13, 2018 
haven’t done a lot since then in the Senate on that issue. That is one bill we could vote on in 2019. I hope the ma-jority leader will schedule a debate on that bill—whatever version we have now in front of us—or will in the new Congress. We can schedule debate and have a vote. Obviously, Senators can vote any way they want, but let’s have a debate and let’s vote on universal background checks. Is that a magic wand which will wipe out this problem forever? No. Back-ground checks will make it less likely that we will have the kinds of mass shootings we not only have endured as a nation but have grown, unfortu-nately, tragically accustomed to. I believe as well—and I know there are plenty of people who disagree with me—that we ought to have a debate and a vote on another issue: banning military-style weapons. I know. I un-derstand that we have, by some esti-mates, double-figure millions of these weapons already on our streets. I get that, but does that mean we should continue down this road and have 20 million and then 25 million of those weapons on our streets and then 30, 40, 50, 60 million? Just throw up our hands and say: That is all we can do; that we have to have tens of millions of mili-tary-style weapons—weapons that be-long on a battlefield, not on our streets in our communities and our neighbor-hoods. That would be a good debate to have on that bill. We ought to have a debate and a vote on a limitation on magazine capacity so we don’t have one person who can spray hundreds of bullets in a matter of moments. Is there nothing we can do about that? The greatest country in the world can’t do anything about these issues, these votes? How about preventing people on the terrorist watch list from getting their hands on a firearm? We made a deter-mination after 9/11 that we were going to take certain steps—even against po-litical pressure not to take certain steps—to protect our Nation from ter-rorists. One of them was, if you are a terrorist, we are going to do everything we can to prevent you from getting on an airplane, or if we have a reasonable suspicion that you are a terrorist, we are going to try to prevent you from being on an airplane so we don’t have another 9/11. The same country that did that, so far, because of inaction by the Con-gress over many years, allows that same individual who is too dangerous— we have deemed them too dangerous— to get on an airplane, to get a firearm because we haven’t yet plugged that loophole. We have tried a couple of times but not nearly enough. Let’s at least have a debate on a few of these issues and have up-or-down votes. If you want to vote against them, fine, but let’s not pretend that we are dealing with an issue when we don’t even have a debate and don’t even have votes. It doesn’t make a lot of sense to me, and I am sure it doesn’t make sense to Americans, no matter what side of the debate they are on. We can’t simply throw up our hands and do nothing as thousands of lives are lost each year. Why not try to do something to reduce that number? We need a sustained debate and a series of votes. It is a good time, by the way, coming up. New year. New Congress in 2019. A brandnew Congress. We can start fresh by putting these issues on the floor of the Senate. We need to make sure the American people know where their legislators—in this case, Federal legislators, Members of the House and Senate—stand so they can be held accountable. That is as American as anything we can do in this body. We need to do it for the children and the staff who were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School. We need to make sure their lives are remem-bered—not just in mourning, not just in recognition of a tragedy, but are ac-tually remembered by way of our ac-tion, of taking action and doing some-thing substantial that will reduce the likelihood. We have had too many of these trage-dies in the last couple of years. I will do a partial list or a partial itemization of other tragedies—not all of them but just a few. We know these cities by the tragedies that took place in them: Orlando, in a nightclub; Charleston, in a house of worship; Sutherland Springs; Las Vegas; Park-land; Thousand Oaks; in my home State of Pennsylvania almost 2 months ago now at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, where the killer came into another house of worship on a Sat-urday morning and gunned down people who range in age, in that cir-cumstance—not children but range in age from midfifties all the way to late eighties, early nineties, in age—11 peo-ple. Whether it is Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School or the Tree of Life syna-gogue or a lot of places in between— and I am mentioning just the ones since 2006, roughly; there were plenty before that—we have to not just re-member but take action. In 2018—just 1 year not yet com-pleted—so far in 2018, there have been 13,743 gun deaths and 26,581 injuries. This is a uniquely American problem. It doesn’t happen around the world; it is happening here. That is yet another reason for the American people to de-mand that we do our job in the Senate, in the House, and in the executive branch. If it is a uniquely American problem, Americans should try to solve it or at least get on the road to solving it. I hope we would have a measure of satisfaction if we pass just one bill in 2019. Even if nothing else happens for years, maybe 25 years from now, we could prevent one school shooting, pre-vent just one shooting in a synagogue where 11 people lose their lives in a house of worship, prevent a school or another place in our community from being unfortunately etched in that wall of tragedy and loss and horror forever, the name of a town, the name of a com-munity remembered only in some cases because of the violence that took place there. I will say it again. This is a uniquely American problem, and we have to try to solve it together. To say the status quo is unacceptable is a terrible under-statement, but that is the truth. I think people understand that. I know this is an issue people on both sides care very deeply about. We haven’t come together yet to take very much action. If you look at the record on taking action on gun violence—I hate to use the word, but it is true—it is pathetic in terms of Federal action. I am still hopeful that the American people will continue to demand more of all of us—both parties, both Houses, and two branches of the Federal Gov-ernment coming together not just to mourn and to remember and to pay tribute and to offer prayers and condo-lences, but to take action, to do what Americans do when we are faced with a problem—take action, just as we did after 9/11. We didn’t throw up our hands and say: This is just the new normal. We said: No, we are going to take ac-tion to try to stop it or at least reduce the likelihood. We can do the same on this issue of gun violence. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this evening, I want to talk a little about the nexus of high prescription drug costs and the opioid epidemic that has gripped my State and our country—the No. 1 public health crisis in America today. It is a story of greed, frankly, and it is a story of the need for some fixes here in Congress to keep it from happening again. With regard to the opioid crisis, I think the degree that this is affecting our communities is well documented. Some 72,000 Americans died last year of overdoses from drugs. This is the high water mark for our country. It is a grim statistic. More than two-thirds of those overdose deaths involve what is called opioids. This would be heroin, prescription drugs, and pain killers, and also the new synthetic opioids—the fentanyl, which is responsible for most of those opioid deaths. I think we have made good progress over the past couple of years here in Congress in passing new legislation to help to address this problem—new in-novative ways to get people into treat-ment and longer term recovery, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.057 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7574 December 13, 2018 
we know works well in some in-stances—and also to do a better job on prevention and education. So I do think those numbers will begin to turn around, but they haven’t yet. They haven’t yet. We have much more work to do. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which we passed, is starting to work. The Cures Act is starting to work. Most recently, the President signed legislation to try to reduce the cost of this synthetic opioid coming into our country, mostly from China, mostly through the U.S. mail system, based on research that we had done. That is called the STOP Act. So, again, we are making some progress, but these overdose death rates are just unbelievably high, and it is a tragic situation, not just in my State, which is probably top three or four in the country, but throughout our Nation. There is a miracle drug that can be used to reverse the effects of an over-dose, and one reason we are beginning to see some progress in some regions of my State and around the country is that we are getting this drug out to more first responders and others who can, in effect, save people from an overdose. Then, of course, the trick is to get that person into treatment, and not to just have these overdoses con-tinue to occur. That is where the more innovative programming is starting to make a difference. But I guess I could say that we have never in our history as a country had more of a need for this miracle drug to reduce the effects, to reverse the effect, of an overdose. It is called naloxone, and naloxone, again, is something that we are using more and more, and we are saving more and more lives. I am going to talk this evening about a company that exploited the opioid epidemic by dramatically increasing the price of this naloxone drug by more than 600 percent just in the space of a few years. The Senate Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, which I chair alongside T
OMCARPER , a Demo-crat from Delaware, conducted a year- long investigation—a bipartisan inves-tigation, a really nonpartisan inves-tigation—into this naloxone issue. We were concerned about the rising cost in order to find out why it was happening. We focused on a pharmaceutical com-pany called Kaleo and their naloxone auto-injector, called Evzio. While naloxone is available in generic form, two branded products exist for take- home use by untrained individuals in the case of an overdose. One is Adapt’s nasal spray, called Narcan. You may have heard of that. Narcan is some-thing that many first responders use and know about. But the other one is this Evzio drug which is, again, the other branded naloxone product. Narcan is available at a cost of about 125 bucks for two doses—$125 for two doses. Evzio, I thought, was an innovative product when it came out, and indeed, it has some innovative aspects to it. A unit includes two auto-injectors and a training device that provides verbal in-structions to talk the user through using the product. Before Kaleo took Evzio to the mar-ket, industry experts, who were im-pressed with the product, said they should probably charge between $250 and $300 for this product. Again, it is miracle drug to reverse the effects of an overdose. They told the company they could ‘‘own the market’’ at that price of $250 to $300 a unit. Instead, the company decided on charging a higher price, taking it to the market in October of 2014. So about 4 years ago they took it to the market for a price of $575 per unit. With sluggish sales—I think because the price was a little higher than, again, was advised—Kaleo could have lowered the price. Instead, the com-pany went the other direction. It im-plemented a new distribution model proposed by an outside drug pricing consultant—who has installed similar distribution models at other pharma-ceutical companies, by the way—and this involves dramatically raising the drug price. Now, let me explain this. As part of the distribution model, Kaleo increased Evzio’s price from $575 per unit in 2014—again, October 2014—to $3,750 in February of 2016, and then to its cur-rent price of $4,100 in January of 2017. So they started off a little high, had sluggish sales, and instead of going lower, they went from 575 bucks to $4,100. That is a 600-percent increase over the space of about 21⁄2years—a 600-percent increase in this drug that is so needed right now in our commu-nities. Why did they do this? Well, according to company documents, the new dis-tribution model for Evzio was designed to ‘‘capitalize on the opportunity of opioid overdose at epidemic levels.’’ So, in effect, from the company’s own documents, they chose to capitalize or exploit the opportunity of the opioid epidemic—this tragic epidemic that is killing more Americans than any other thing right now in my home State of Ohio and the No. 1 cause of death of Americans under the age of 50 in the entire country—72,000 is the number from last year of overdose deaths. So as part of this new model the com-pany worked to ensure that doctors’ of-fices signed the paperwork indicating that Evzio was medically necessary. Why is that important? Well, this ensured government pro-grams like Medicare and Medicaid— these are programs that, as you know, we already look at every year and think: Gosh, how do these costs keep going up? What do we do to maintain these important programs? But they said they would increase the cost of this drug because they could get doctors to say that this was medically necessary, and that meant that these government programs— Medicare and Medicaid—would cover the cost regardless of what the cost was, even though it had increased 600 percent in 21⁄2years. So that was the concept behind this new distribution model. It relied on a portion of the prescriptions being filled by patients with commercial health plans that covered Evzio at the much higher cost—and it worked. For people whose plans didn’t cover Evzio or who didn’t have insurance, Kaleo gave the drug to the patient for free. In these instances, the company incurred the roughly $52 in cost of the goods. It was worth it because they could get these incredibly high prices from Medicare and Medicaid. This distribution model worked, as I mentioned, when physicians deemed that Evzio was medically necessary. Then it would cover the cost—Medicare and Medicaid—all the way up to $4,100 a unit. Under this new model, Evzio fill rates jumped from 39 percent to 81 percent. So it worked. They sold more product. They made a killing, but at the ex-pense of the U.S. taxpayer and at the expense of all of us, really. The majority of Kaleo’s initial rev-enue was from Medicare and Medicaid, and the resulting cost to the taxpayer to date has been about $142 million, de-spite the fact that a much less costly alternative was readily available. You will remember that for most of this time Narcan, this other product— not Evzio but Narcan—was available for $125 for two doses. So instead of following recommenda-tions by drug pricing experts to take the product to market at that lower price, the company decided to exploit this loophole in our health insurance market and charge this much higher price to the American taxpayer through Medicare and Medicaid. Our report from the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations was re-leased on the same day that 60 Minutes aired a new story on Kaleo, its prod-ucts, and why the price was so high. The findings of our report were used in that segment to highlight Kaleo’s dis-tribution model that transferred the cost of this drug, effectively, to Amer-ican taxpayers. Now, you can see our report online at the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations’ website. That PSI report and the 60 Minutes segment were both released on Novem-ber 18. Today, less than a month later, I am very pleased to tell you that Kaleo has publicly stated its plan to take steps toward now reducing the cost—the price—of its naloxone auto-injector from the current price of $4,100 per unit down to $178. This is a very positive step forward, and I am hopeful that it will increase access to Naloxone—this critically im-portant overdose reversal drug that has saved so many thousands of lives al-ready. But I am also pleased that they made this change because it is going to save taxpayers a lot of money. Make no mistake. I don’t believe that this change would have occurred but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.059 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7575 December 13, 2018 
for our year-long investigation, the PSI report, and the 60 Minutes story shining a light on these incredibly high drug prices. Does anybody really be-lieve that these prices would have been lowered if not for exposing it and the transparency that was then able to show what was happening? So the bipartisan investigation has produced a good result, but we need to do a lot more. The report includes recommenda-tions to prevent similar situations moving forward. Among other things, the report recommends that the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid, or CMS, should review its policies governing physicians’ use of medical necessity ex-ceptions for Part D in Medicare to pre-vent companies from inappropriately influencing prescribing. That is the least they should do. While there are legitimate uses of the exception sometimes, we need to be sure it is not exploited, as it was in this case. Congress should also require CMS to improve transparency regarding the total amount spent for drugs purchased by government healthcare programs so we can identify these problems early on and stop them. To combat the underlying factors af-fecting addiction, of course, Congress has to do more here. We should put in place a 3-day limit, in my view, on pre-scription pain medication for acute pain—not for chronic pain, not for can-cer, but for acute pain. That would make a huge difference. By the way, it is consistent with the Centers for Disease Control rec-ommendations requiring all States to utilize prescription monitoring pro-grams—another thing we should do— and we should allocate more funding for immediate overdose remedies and first responder training. There is reason to be optimistic, as I said earlier, about the direction our country is now headed in overcoming the opioid epidemic. We have com-mitted ourselves here at the Federal Government to do more and to be bet-ter partners with State government and local government and non-profits. That is good, and I am proud of the work this Congress has done. But the tragedy of overwhelming opioid overdoses has also created this opportunity for companies like Kaleo to exploit or, as they said, capitalize on this public health crisis. That is wrong. It is shameful. I am proud of the investigative work we have done. I will continue to work in a bipartisan manner to do what we can to reduce prescription drug prices and also protect taxpayer-funded pro-grams like Medicare and Medicaid. Thank you. 
TRIBUTE TO BOB CORKER  
Mr. President, today on the floor the Senate voted on legislation dealing with Saudi Arabia; two issues, the death of journalist Khashoggi and also the ongoing and tragic war in Yemen. You may have seen on the floor somebody who helped to orchestrate this debate. I thought it was a healthy debate. I thought it was good. People offered amendments and had an oppor-tunity to discuss their amendments and debate them in full. I appreciate the fact that the Senate voted by an overwhelming margin and, in fact, by unanimous consent for a resolution that I think sends a very clear signal to Saudi Arabia and to other partners in the region and, frank-ly, to the Trump administration. The person who was orchestrating this, you may have seen him down on the floor of the Senate, is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. His name is BOBCORKER . Senator C
ORKER is leaving after this week, assuming Congress is going to be out of session this week or next week. I think we will. He has chosen to re-tire, not to run for reelection. So come January, we will have another Senator from Tennessee who will be joining us, but B
OBCORKER is going back into the private sector. So today I want to talk a little bit about Chairman C
ORKER , the person you saw on the floor if you were watch-ing earlier. He is a friend, but he is also a very valuable Member of the U.S. Senate. The reason other people aren’t on the floor talking about him right now is that he chose not to give a departure speech, which is unusual. Most Sen-ators take to the floor and give a speech about their departure and their reflections on being here and what they might do in the future, and other Mem-bers come and talk about them. B
OB C
ORKER , in his typical style, being a guy who is here for all the right rea-sons and that is not him—it is about others for him—said: I don’t think I am going to give a departure speech. So I don’t think I will have a chance to talk about him as I have with other colleagues in their presence because he is not going to give that speech, but I will say, he deserves to have others like me talk about his record because he has had so many accomplishments. He has been a leading voice in this body on so many important initiatives and issues. As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on a global stage, of course, he has been ac-tive focusing on issues to improve the U.S. image around the world. Our di-plomacy is something he believes in and has supported. He is concerned about the U.S. role in the world. He wants to be sure America continues to play a leading role on things like human rights, spreading democracy, and opening up channels of commerce. He has also been very involved in budget issues, focusing on the debt, the deficit, and the problems we face in this country. Finally, he has been active on other legislative matters. One that comes to mind is banking issues. He is on the Banking Committee and very involved in how to deal with Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and, after the financial cri-sis, some of the issues that arose after the great recession. So he has been very active as a legislator. He also brings an interesting perspec-tive to this place because to this day, he will tell you he is a businessperson, not a politician. He came up as a devel-oper, a builder. He didn’t come up through politics. He did become the mayor of Chattanooga, and that is how he got involved in the political world, but he has this business approach to things around here which I think is re-freshing. He also has the work ethic that comes with somebody from the private sector, and that is relentless. I see it on display every day, but I think it has been part of BOB’Spersonality since he was a kid. He started his first job at age 13. That was picking up trash and bagging ice. He started his own construction company at age 25. By the way, that construction company later expanded to 18 States—17 States in addition to his home State of Tennessee. He first entered public service, not in a glamorous job, but having been suc-cessful in the private sector, he wanted to give back, and he was offered an op-portunity to help his State. He said he wanted to be the Finance and Adminis-tration department director of Ten-nessee. Sort of like the budget person, and he was very helpful to the Gov-ernor and to the State of Tennessee in that role and then became mayor of Chattanooga, his hometown. In 2006, he ran for Federal office for the first time, and that was for the U.S. Senate. He quickly rose to promi-nence as someone who again had exper-tise on some of the issues. That was after the housing crisis, so he was fo-cused on that issue—the housing mar-ket crash and someone who advocated for conservative principles like reining in Federal spending and reducing the U.S. deficit. In 2012, he was reelected to the Sen-ate handily and has been chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee for the past 4 years. I am a member of that committee, so I have had the opportunity to see his work up close and watched how he works pa-tiently with Republicans and Demo-crats alike and focuses not just on sound bites and throwing out the rhet-oric but on actually how do you get something done that helps our great country. I can tell you with certainty that during Chairman C
ORKER ’s tenure be-fore the Foreign Relations Committee, our allies around the world have bene-fited and our adversaries have been held accountable. That is his ap-proach—pretty simple. He has played a key role in helping restore America’s leadership role in the world, and I am pleased the work was accomplished, combating Russia’s con-tinued aggression in Eastern Europe and standing up for our friend and ally, Israel, and for what we did today, send-ing a clear message on values. Just recently, legislation he cham-pioned was called the BUILD Act, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.060 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7576 December 13, 2018 
it was signed into law with the Presi-dent without a lot of fanfare, but it is going to make a big difference in terms of helping our country and helping not just our image around the world but ensuring we are helping to bring other countries out of poverty by using U.S. market forces that work. It helps bring U.S. private sector investment to low- income countries around the world to reduce poverty, to grow investment. This is important in any context but certainly today with one of our com-petitors, China, trying to do the same thing. They are using another tactic— not the private sector but the public sector. It is a perfect example of the kind of impact B
OBCORKER has had on this body. He has built up international rela-tionships and has bolstered our na-tional security all at once. It was a pleasure working with him, and I wish him all the best. He is a restless guy, so he is going to end up doing something else very cre-ative with his life, I am sure, and I know he will enjoy spending more time with his wife, Elizabeth, of 30 years and their two daughters and grandchildren, but I am eager to see what B
OBis going to do next. I know we will be hearing from him because his thirst for public service and helping others is just too great. So to B
OBCORKER , congratulations on a career of public service, and I hope you enjoy the next exciting chapter of your life. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The Senator from Louisiana. 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES DAVIS AND DOUG CURTIS  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise to honor two people from my State and yours who served in World War II and are being celebrated in Northwest Lou-isiana—Charles Davis and Doug Curtis. Both are 92 years old. Mr. Davis celebrates his 93rd birth-day in 2 days, and so on the behalf of the Presiding Officer and certainly on my behalf, I wish him a happy birth-day. These American heroes are part of the ‘‘greatest generation.’’ Mr. Davis joined the Navy when he was 16 years old, just after Pearl Har-bor was bombed in 1941. Imagine that— 16 years old, leaving home, volun-teering to face a world of danger to de-fend our country. He bravely served 6 years at Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands, Cape Esperance, and more. His courage was tested on numerous occa-sions. One example was when the ship on which he served was destroyed, leav-ing him and his fellow crew members stranded in the middle of the ocean, with only life vests to keep them alive for 37 hours. Charles said he spent a lot of time talking to God during those painful hours—particularly painful be-cause his brother, serving on the same ship, did not live. Such a trying ordeal, a terrible loss. When Charles talks about his life, he speaks with humility and gratitude about his life experiences. He says he lived a great life, in no small part due to the great country we live in. Asked how he remains always so positive, he says: Every morning, you can decide to have a good day or a bad day, and for him, he says, it is not a tough choice. Mr. Doug Curtis served from January 1944 to August 1946, starting in Little Rock, AR. He deployed overseas to the Philippines and Japan, prepared to do whatever was needed, pledging patri-otic duty to protect our country and the people he loved. A special celebration is being thrown on December 14, tomorrow in Many, LA, to honor Charles and Doug. My of-fice will present them both with Amer-ican flags which have flown over this Capitol Building. It is a small gesture but meant to honor these two men and to celebrate their service and sacrifice. I thank these great Louisiana heroes for their service to our country, and, Mr. President, I will convey your thanks as well. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. f 
STIGLER ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2017 Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 698, H.R. 2606. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Lankford amendment at the desk be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Lankford amendment (No. 4110) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: To clarify certain provisions) On page 3, line 9, strike ‘‘, as of said date,’’ and insert ‘‘, as of the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018,’’. At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION PROVIDING FOR NO RETROACTIVITY. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to re-vise or extend the restricted status of any lands under the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458) that lost restricted status under such Act before the date of en-actment of this Act. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2606), as amended, was passed. f 
LEECH LAKE BAND OF OJIBWE RESERVATION RESTORATION ACT Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 685, S. 2599. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2599) to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Min-nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 2599 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LEECH LAKE BAND OF OJIBWE RESERVA-TION RESTORATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Federal land described in subsection (b)(1) was taken from members of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe during a period— (A) beginning in 1948; (B) during which the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs incorrectly interpreted an order of the Secretary of the Interior to mean that the Department of the Interior had the author-ity to sell tribal allotments without the con-sent of a majority of the rightful land-owners; and (C) ending in 1959, when the Secretary of the Interior was— (i) advised that sales described in subpara-graph (B) were illegal; and (ii) ordered to cease conducting those sales; (2) as a result of the Federal land described in subsection (b)(1) being taken from mem-bers of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe hold the smallest percentage of its original reservation lands of any Ojibwe bands in Minnesota; ø2¿(3)(A) the applicable statute of limita-tions prohibits individuals from pursuing through litigation the return of the land taken as described in paragraph (1); but (B) a Federal judge ruled that the land could be restored to the affected individuals through the legislative process; ø3¿(4) a comprehensive review of the Fed-eral land demonstrated that— (A) øa large portion of the Federal land is overloaded with¿ a portion of the Federal land is encumbered by— (i) utility easements; (ii) rights-of-way for roads; and (iii) flowage and reservoir rights; and (B) there are no known cabins, camp-grounds, lodges, or resorts located on any portion of the Federal land; and ø4¿(5) on reacquisition by the Tribe of the Federal land, the Tribe— (A) has pledged to respect the easements, rights-of-way, and other rights described in paragraph ø3¿ (4)(A); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.061 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7577 December 13, 2018 
(B)(i) does not intend immediately to mod-ify the use of the Federal land; but (ii) will keep the Federal land in tax-ex-empt fee status as part of the Chippewa Na-tional Forest until the Tribe develops a plan that allows for a gradual subdivision of some tracts for economic and residential develop-ment by the Tribe. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 11,760 acres of Fed-eral land located in the Chippewa National Forest in Cass County, Minnesota, the boundaries of which shall be depicted on the map, and described in the legal description, submitted under subsection (d)(1)(B). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ includes— (i) any improvement located on the Fed-eral land described in subparagraph (A); and (ii) any appurtenance to the Federal land. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (3) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe. (c) T
RANSFER TO RESERVATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Secretary shall transfer to the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. (2) T
REATMENT .—Effective immediately on the transfer under paragraph (1), the Federal land shall be— (A) held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe; and (B) considered to be a part of the reserva-tion of the Tribe. (d) S
URVEY , M AP, AND LEGAL DESCRIP -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (A) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, complete a plan of survey to establish the boundaries of the Federal land; and (B) as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a map and legal description of the Federal land to— (i) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and (ii) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (2) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal description submitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall have the same force and effect as if in-cluded in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical error in the map or legal description. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and legal description submitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Secretary. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided in this section, nothing in this section affects any right or claim of the Tribe, as in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act, to any land or interest in land. (2) P
ROHIBITIONS .— (A) E
XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed- eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-essed logs that are harvested from the Fed-eral land. (B) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—The Federal land shall not be eligible or used for any gaming activity carried out under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (3) F
OREST MANAGEMENT .—Any commercial forestry activity carried out on the Federal land shall be managed in accordance with ap-plicable Federal law. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be consid-ered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I know of no other debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2599), as amended, was passed as follows: 
S. 2599 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LEECH LAKE BAND OF OJIBWE RESERVA-TION RESTORATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Federal land described in subsection (b)(1) was taken from members of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe during a period— (A) beginning in 1948; (B) during which the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs incorrectly interpreted an order of the Secretary of the Interior to mean that the Department of the Interior had the author-ity to sell tribal allotments without the con-sent of a majority of the rightful land-owners; and (C) ending in 1959, when the Secretary of the Interior was— (i) advised that sales described in subpara-graph (B) were illegal; and (ii) ordered to cease conducting those sales; (2) as a result of the Federal land described in subsection (b)(1) being taken from mem-bers of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe hold the smallest percentage of its original reservation lands of any Ojibwe bands in Minnesota; (3)(A) the applicable statute of limitations prohibits individuals from pursuing through litigation the return of the land taken as de-scribed in paragraph (1); but (B) a Federal judge ruled that the land could be restored to the affected individuals through the legislative process; (4) a comprehensive review of the Federal land demonstrated that— (A) a portion of the Federal land is encum-bered by— (i) utility easements; (ii) rights-of-way for roads; and (iii) flowage and reservoir rights; and (B) there are no known cabins, camp-grounds, lodges, or resorts located on any portion of the Federal land; and (5) on reacquisition by the Tribe of the Federal land, the Tribe— (A) has pledged to respect the easements, rights-of-way, and other rights described in paragraph (4)(A); and (B)(i) does not intend immediately to mod-ify the use of the Federal land; but (ii) will keep the Federal land in tax-ex-empt fee status as part of the Chippewa Na-tional Forest until the Tribe develops a plan that allows for a gradual subdivision of some tracts for economic and residential develop-ment by the Tribe. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 11,760 acres of Fed-eral land located in the Chippewa National Forest in Cass County, Minnesota, the boundaries of which shall be depicted on the map, and described in the legal description, submitted under subsection (d)(1)(B). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ includes— (i) any improvement located on the Fed-eral land described in subparagraph (A); and (ii) any appurtenance to the Federal land. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (3) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe. (c) T
RANSFER TO RESERVATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Secretary shall transfer to the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. (2) T
REATMENT .—Effective immediately on the transfer under paragraph (1), the Federal land shall be— (A) held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe; and (B) considered to be a part of the reserva-tion of the Tribe. (d) S
URVEY , M AP, AND LEGAL DESCRIP -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (A) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, complete a plan of survey to establish the boundaries of the Federal land; and (B) as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a map and legal description of the Federal land to— (i) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and (ii) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (2) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal description submitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall have the same force and effect as if in-cluded in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical error in the map or legal description. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and legal description submitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Secretary. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided in this section, nothing in this section affects any right or claim of the Tribe, as in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act, to any land or interest in land. (2) P
ROHIBITIONS .— (A) E
XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed- eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-essed logs that are harvested from the Fed-eral land. (B) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—The Federal land shall not be eligible or used for any gaming activity carried out under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (3) F
OREST MANAGEMENT .—Any commercial forestry activity carried out on the Federal land shall be managed in accordance with ap-plicable Federal law. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.020 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7578 December 13, 2018 
GILA RIVER INDIAN COMMUNITY FEDERAL RIGHTS-OF-WAY, EASE-MENTS AND BOUNDARY CLARI-FICATION ACT Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 699, H.R. 4032. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4032) to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. Mr. KENNEDY. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. LANKFORD. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 4032) was passed. Mr. LANKFORD. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE INDIAN CHILD WELFARE ACT OF 1978 Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian Af-fairs Committee be discharged from further consideration and that the Sen-ate now proceed to S. Res. 707. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 707) commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. LANKFORD. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 707) was agreed to. Mr. LANKFORD. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of November 27, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
REMEMBERING FRED M . FEHSENFELD  
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I rise in memory of Fred M. Fehsenfeld, a Hoo-sier, an innovator, a philanthropist, and a true American hero. Fred was born in Indianapolis in 1924, and he graduated from Shortridge High School. As a sophomore at Purdue Uni-versity in 1942, he left school to enlist in the U.S. Army Air Corps. Fred flew 89 missions in Europe with the 354th Pioneer Mustang Fighter Group. He was awarded the Air Medal with three silver clusters and a Silver Star. He also led the 353rd fighter squadron on the last official flight in the European theatre, where he barrel-rolled over an Austrian POW camp to signal that the war in Europe was over. After the war, Fred returned to Indi-ana and married Midge, his college sweetheart. He graduated from Purdue in 1948. The couple had seven children. He was married to Midge for 57 years before she passed. In 2003, he married Barbara, his lovely second wife. Upon entering the workforce, Fred was operating Crystal Flash Petro-leum, which owned gas stations around the State of Indiana, when he decided he needed a new adventure. So, in 1960, Fred went to the library and taught himself how to manufacture asphalt. His companies literally began paving what we in Indiana call the Crossroads of America. Over the years, Fred gave his com-pany his all. He grew The Heritage Group to more than 6,500 employees worldwide, and he tackled real-world problems along the way. In fact, Fred is credited with creating and pro-moting separate lanes for cars and trucks to save lives, reduce pollution, and alleviate congestion. His compa-nies detoxified waste from circuit boards and solved environmental prob-lems facing the steel industry. Fred asked that his tombstone sim-ply read ‘‘I tried.’’ I am here to report that Fred Fehsenfeld did far more than try—he succeeded. Fred’s forward- thinking leadership has truly made America a cleaner, safer, and more prosperous nation. For that, I recog-nize him today. Fred will be dearly missed by all who loved him and all who came to know him. He was a great Hoosier and a great American. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MORNING BUSINESS Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
S.J. RES. 54 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the United States must fundamentally reshape our relationship with Saudi Arabia. Whether it is the catastrophic war in Yemen or the brutal murder of a U.S. resident, Saudi leaders believe they can behave recklessly and crimi-nally without any consequences. We simply cannot continue business as usual with the Kingdom, specifically with Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman. President Trump has enabled Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman’s most egregious behavior. After our intel-ligence community assessed that the Crown Prince was implicated in the murder of U.S. resident Jamal Khashoggi, Trump responded, ‘‘it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event—maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!’’ Once again, the President has chosen to trust the word of a brutal autocrat above that of his own intelligence com-munity. Once again, Trump has cast aside our Nation’s values. Even more tragically, the dev-astating and brutal war in Yemen rages on, pitting the reckless Crown Prince against the Houthis. The Crown Prince’s actions have driven the Houthis even farther into the hands of their Iranian backers and, inadvert-ently, strengthened Tehran’s position. The result is the world’s worst humani-tarian catastrophe. Tens of thousands of civilians have been killed. More than 8 million Yemenis are on the brink of starvation. The worst cholera outbreak in modern history has afflicted over 1 million people, including over 600,000 children. Millions more are displaced from their homes. As the years wear on, and with no end in sight, the cycle of desperation, destruction, and death continues unabated. Though the administration recently suspended aerial refueling for the Saudi-led coalition, it claims that mu-nitions sales and targeting assistance provide leverage in the conflict; yet President Trump seems unable and in-deed unwilling to use this leverage to place meaningful restraints on the Saudi attacks in Yemen. So we must ask ourselves these ques-tions: Why is the United States complicit in this endless war? Why is the President providing cover for the Saudi Crown Prince, at all costs? Fi-nally, what must we do to reset this re-lationship? I believe there are two clear, near- term actions we must take to answer these questions and reshape our rela-tionship with Saudi Arabia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.066 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7579 December 13, 2018 
We took our first step today. In an historic moment, the U.S. Senate voted to suspend military support for the Saudi-led operations in Yemen. The ad-ministration should heed this clear sig-nal and end all military support, in-cluding supplies of U.S. spare parts and technical support. We must refocus our efforts to help broker an end to the conflict. Second, the United States must send a clear message to Saudi Arabia or any other autocratic regime: We do not tol-erate the slaughter of political dis-sidents. We must hold accountable all those responsible for murder of Jamal Khashoggi. That means we must im-pose sanctions on the Crown Prince himself. The Senate’s vote today sends a clear message to Saudi Arabia and President Trump: We will hold you accountable, we will not trade away our Nation’s values, and we will not abdicate our re-sponsibility in decisions of peace and war. S.J. Res. 54 reins in the Presi-dent’s largely unencumbered war-mak-ing powers and ends unconditional U.S. military support for the Saudi cam-paign in Yemen without an authoriza-tion from Congress. For these reasons, I was proud to vote in support of this resolution. 
f 
REGISTER OF COPYRIGHTS SELEC-TION AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am placing a hold on S. 1010, the Register of Copyrights Selection and Account-ability Act of 2017, out of deep concern for the implications of this bill for the Copyright Office and its administration of U.S. copyright laws. The Constitu-tion delegates to Congress the power to ‘‘promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the ex-clusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ Currently, the Librarian of Congress appoints the Register, who acts under the Librar-ian’s direction. The Librarian is uniquely positioned to bring to bear the interest of the public and concerns around freedom of speech, scholarship, access for the disabled and other soci-etal values, as well as incentivizing creators to continue to innovate and produce new works. At certain times, I have been deeply concerned that rights holders have seemed to capture the Copyright Of-fice. Politicizing the appointment of the Register and reducing the influence of the Librarian would only cement that tendency. The voice of the public will always be more diffuse than those with vested interest in locking up works for as long as possible. Congress must ensure that all voices are heard, and the structure of the Copyright Of-fice is integral to achieving that goal. Again, this is Congress’s responsibility, and ceding ever more power to the Ex-ecutive, as this bill does, over matters within our purview is an abdication of our responsibility which I believe we will regret. For these reasons, I have placed a hold on S. 1010, and I encourage my col-leagues to give serious consideration to the concerns I have expressed about this bill. f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF FLAKE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, at the end of each session of the Congress, we, the Senate, take a moment to express our appreciation and acknowledge the ef-forts of those Members who will be re-tiring in just a few weeks. This year, one of our colleagues who will be leav-ing is Senator J
EFFFLAKE . J
EFFwill be leaving us after a career of nearly 20 years in Congress. He has impressed many of us with whom he has worked with the strength of his views and determination to fight for those things in which he truly believes, both as a Senator and a proud husband to his wife Cheryl and father to his five children. He has been a reliable advo-cate for what he sees as the best inter-ests of Arizona and the future of the Nation. He leaves behind a legacy of which he should be very proud. J
EFFwas born in Snowflake, AZ. His family name was well known to the people in his neighborhood in part be-cause it was named for his great-great- grandfather, William J. Flake, an early pioneer. His family played an impor-tant role in the founding and day-to- day life of their town, and J
EFFalways embodied the pioneering spirit through his work in Congress. After graduating from Brigham Young University with a bachelors of arts in international relations and a master of arts in political science, he took a 2-year leave of absence to serve as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in South Africa. J
EFF’s early career work as the exec-utive director of the Foundation for Democracy in Namibia and executive director of the Goldwater Institute helped prepare him for the House of Representatives. He became a strong voice for the political views of the peo-ple from back home. Several years later Arizona’s Senate seat was open and J
EFF took up the challenge. The people of Arizona and our Nation were fortunate to have him to rely on for so many issues. He has been a steady and dependable force for tackling difficult, complex, and occa-sionally unpopular issues in the Senate while remaining respectful of his fellow colleagues and loyal to Arizona. As a Senator, J
EFFworked tirelessly to reduce the deficit and control gov-ernment spending. As chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, I sincerely appreciate his efforts and share the same goal of reducing waste and ensur-ing the government operates effi-ciently. His keen insight and attention to these critical issues will surely be missed in Congress. While serving with him in the Sen-ate, I also learned that J
EFFis an avid survivalist. It was a pleasure to read about his excursions to small, distant islands with only a few key survivalist tools in tow. As an Eagle Scout, I un-derstand how important these skills are to have, and it is always fun to hear about others putting these crit-ical skills to use and what they learn along the way. If he would like to con-tinue participating in survivalist ad-ventures after leaving Congress, I would be happy to recommend some places in Wyoming that he might enjoy camping in for an extended period of time. We both have a strong western heart-beat that we express every day in ev-erything we do. Diana joins in sending our best wishes to JEFFand his family and we thank him for his hard work and dedication to the State of Arizona and this country. I appreciate his will-ingness to serve and work so hard for what he believes in. He has helped en-courage and inspire another generation of leaders. In that way and so many others he has made a positive dif-ference. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BILL NELSON Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to someone whose passion for service is literally out of this world. As a payload specialist, B
ILLNELSON  spent 6 days orbiting our planet aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia. When he looked down on Earth, he didn’t see blue States or red States. Instead, he saw green land, blue oceans and lakes, including some big ones in Michigan, and a whole wide world worth protecting. A decade and a half later, B
ILLNEL-
SONwas sworn in as U.S. Senator for Florida. His previous experiences in space, as a U.S. Army captain, as a State legis-lator, and in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives have shaped every deci-sion he has made since then. I remember Senator N
ELSON ’Sswear-ing-in, because it was my first day, too, and we have been serving together ever since. Senator N
ELSON has been such a forceful advocate for technology—no surprise given his time at NASA—and for protecting consumers. He has fought every day to do right by our seniors, keeping Medicare and Social Security strong, working to eliminate the Medicare Part D ‘‘donut hole,’’ and expanding access to home healthcare. He has been a strong voice for pro-tecting our environment, particularly from oil drilling, an issue close to the hearts of people in both Florida and Michigan. One of my favorite memories of Sen-ator N
ELSON actually took place in Michigan, during a 2016 codel. Senator N
ELSON came to Michigan to tour our Coast Guard installations as ranking member on Commerce. He got the full tour: Station Grand Haven, Air Station Detroit, Station St. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.021 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7580 December 13, 2018 
lgnace, Air Station Traverse City, and even the CGC Mackinaw. That is a heavy icebreaker that helps keep Great Lakes channels and harbors open during the cold winter months. It is something he doesn’t get a chance to see very often in Florida. Well, I don’t remember exactly how it happened, but Senator N
ELSON de-cided to challenge a member of the Coast Guard, who was in his 20s, to a pull-up contest. If you guess that the young guy lost, you would be right. That is when I decided never to settle disagreements with Senator N
ELSON by challenging him to an arm-wrestling contest. I think I speak for many of us when I say that I will miss working with B
ILL. B
ILLhas always believed that there is more that unites us than divides us. Perhaps that is the perspective he gained looking down from space. His passion for public service shines through in everything he does. On a personal note, I would like to thank him for taking such good care of my snowbird constituents during the winter months. B
ILL: Thank you for your hard work, leadership, and lifetime of serving Florida and our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLAIRE M CCASKILL Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to someone who has spent her entire career making life better for the people of Missouri and the people of this country. If I had to describe Senator C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL using one word, I think I would choose ‘‘fighter.’’ I think most Members, on both sides of the aisle, would agree with me. As the first woman elected Jackson County prosecutor, she fought for crime victims and created some of the first drug courts and domestic violence units in the country. As State auditor, she fought to en-sure that the State of Missouri spent taxpayer dollars wisely. During her 12 years representing Mis-souri in the Senate, she has fought every day to keep government account-able, protect consumers, strengthen our national security, and expand ac-cess to healthcare. I have been especially honored to partner with her on this last goal. We worked together to make sure that pharmacists can tell their pa-tients the lowest price at the pharmacy counter and to protect Americans from junk insurance plans. We have fought to keep American manufacturers competitive and to end unfair trade practices that hurt our companies and our workers. I have been inspired by her work to end sexual violence, particularly in our military, and to ensure that families affected by the opioid crisis get the help they need to recover. I will always remember the trip we took together to the Middle East. In Jordan, we saw firsthand the chal-lenge of responding to the Syrian ref-ugee crisis and spoke with refugees themselves. That is classic CLAIRE : ensuring that the government is doing its job while also watching out for the most vulner-able. Perhaps that skill has been on dis-play best during oversight hearings, when C
LAIRE has made great use of her skills as a former prosecutor. I know that I wouldn’t want to be on the receiving end of her questioning. I am going to miss working with her. However, I am glad we haven’t heard the last of C
LAIRE . Just follow her Twitter account, and you will see what I mean. Senator M
CCASKILL : Thank you for keeping government honest, protecting the most vulnerable, and always put-ting the people of Missouri first. Most of all, thank you for always, al-ways being a fighter. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRENDA TRACY Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a brave and passionate Oregonian who is an incredible exam-ple of a person finding bold solutions to challenging problems. I am proud to boast about my friend, Brenda Tracy, being named a Woman of Impact by Politico at its sixth an-nual Women Rule Summit. Brenda Tracy survived childhood sex-ual abuse. She is also a survivor of a brutal sexual assault that happened to her as a young single mother in Or-egon. Brenda reported her sexual as-sault but she didn’t speak of it pub-licly. She says that, at the time, she was saved by the compassion of a trau-ma nurse who treated her with dignity. Soon, Brenda went into nursing her-self, graduating from the Oregon Health and Science University. After 16 years of silence, Brenda cou-rageously decided, in 2014, to share her sexual assault survival story publicly. Going public has exposed her to harsh judgments, disbelief, unwanted pub-licity, and harassment. But since 2014, Brenda’s story of sur-vival also has positively reverberated across the entire country, sparking productive conversations and genuine reforms along the way. In 2016, Brenda began traveling the country to speak to high school and college athletic departments. As the founder of ‘‘Set the Expectation,’’ she has spoken to nearly 100 college ath-letic programs and several high schools, setting the expectation with thousands of athletes that physical as-sault and sexual violence are never okay. Set the Expectation is combating sexual and physical violence by di-rectly engaging with men, who per-petrate 9 in 10 instances of domestic vi-olence and sexual assault. Brenda says her efforts are geared to-ward men because, if women could stop sexual violence, they would have al-ready. This is an all-hands-on-deck nonpartisan national issue. Today, Brenda continues to share her story in order to educate, engage, and inspire athletes and coaches to become in-volved in the fight against sexual and physical violence. Sexual assault on college campuses is pervasive. An estimated one in five women who attend college will be sexu-ally assaulted during her time there. Sexual assaults on campus spike by 40 percent when a Division I football team has a home game. When repeating those awful statis-tics, I hear folks grumble about their accuracy or about people falsely re-porting assaults. The truth is; one as-sault is too many. Every year in col-lege, too many students will have their lives permanently changed by assault. The reality is often worse for students in K–12 schools, where abused children, like Brenda once was, may be forced to suffer in silence, as even less attention is paid to their plight. Even knowing this, we have seen the President mock survivors of sexual vio-lence on the national stage. His unac-ceptable words and actions reaffirm the dangerous notion that powerful men can take—advantage of their influen-tial positions to abuse women. We are now seeing Trump’s Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, move to dismantle Federal enforcement of sex-ual violence protections. Secretary DeVos has doubled down even though survivor advocates, like Brenda, agree and have told her that these changes would make it much harder for sexual assault survivors to report their as-saults. The fight against physical and sexual violence is far from over. It couldn’t be more clear: there is more to do to en-sure that fewer students experience sexual assaults and that more students feel protected and advocated for on campus. Like I said before, even one as-sault is too many. Until our society steps up and accepts this as a fact, we have work to do. Brenda said to me earlier this week that she can’t wait to talk to her 10– month-old granddaughter about going to college. She said she can’t wait for her granddaughter to say, ‘‘Wow, Grandma. Things were really that bad? They are so much better now.’’ This really struck me because Bren-da’s unfailing optimism and candor are what will change the norms around sexual violence. Her courage in sharing her story is inspiring, and I know I join folks from around the country in say-ing: Congratulations, Brenda, and thank you! 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN DEMETRIUS KEISHUN ‘‘D.K.’’ MORRIS Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I would like to take a moment to thank U.S. Army CPT Demetrius Keishun Morris, an extraordinary man who has contributed to my office through the Army Congressional Fellowship Pro-gram. Captain Morris, known as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.024 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7581 December 13, 2018 
‘‘D.K.’’, has been exceptional to work with over the last year. My staff and I have benefited enormously from D.K.’s knowledge and expertise on U.S. na-tional security and Armed Services policy. D.K. draws upon nearly two decades of service, which includes deployments to Iraq, Afghanistan, and Qatar. D.K. enlisted in the Army in 2000 and was commissioned as an officer in 2010. As an officer, D.K. distinguished himself by serving at the battalion, brigade, and division levels while operating in combined, joint, and partnered envi-ronments. Before D.K. joined my office, he served as the commander of the Headquarters and Headquarters Bat-tery of the 32nd Army Air and Missile Defense Command at Fort Bliss, TX. At each post and here in the Senate, D.K. has served with distinction. D.K. has always been one to go above and beyond because it is just part of his nature. He graduated from George Washington University in 2008 with a bachelor of science in health sciences while earning a place on the dean’s list. His education also includes a master of arts in intelligence studies with honors from American Military University and a master of professional studies degree in legislative affairs from George Washington University. D.K. is also a graduate of the Military Intelligence Captain’s Career Course at Fort Huachuca, AZ, where he achieved placement in the top 20 percent of his class. CPT Demetrius Keishun Morris is the epitome of a dedicated public servant. He has put himself in harm’s way to defend our rights and freedom and to help secure freedom for people in other countries. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to our servicemen and women, especially those who make a career in the military. It is always im-portant to acknowledge their family members who share in the sacrifice, and I would like to take this oppor-tunity to thank D.K.’s wife Lakisha and their three wonderful children, Cornelius, Samara, and Roman, for their support and for allowing us to utilize the expertise and experience of their husband and father this last year. My staff and I will miss D.K.; at the same, however, we are also excited to see what’s in store next for this excep-tional individual, who will always be part of Team Cardin. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL GREGORY A. SCHEIDHAUER Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the distinguished career of U.S. Army Re-serve COL Gregory A. Scheidhauer as he retires from his nearly three dec-ades of service to our Nation. Dedica-tion to his country and commitment to his fellow servicemembers are qualities that define Greg’s career, and his years of effort have made lasting improve-ments to our Nation’s defense. Born in Silver Spring, MD, Greg went on to attend Bowie High School and, later, West Virginia University, where he earned his bachelor of science de-gree in sports management in 1990. He joined the Army ROTC program at West Virginia University in 1988 and began his military service upon grad-uation, commissioning in 1990. In 2009, Greg joined my office in the House of Representatives as a defense fellow, where he served alongside my staff for the year. His expertise, assist-ance, and advice were invaluable to the team, and our office, as well as all Hoo-siers, greatly benefitted from his work. After his service in my office, Colonel Scheidhauer became a legislative liai-son for the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve at Fort Belvoir. In 2010, Greg deployed to Iraq and served as the director of logistics for the Joint Forces Special Operations Component Command-Iraq, JSOCC-I, during Operation Iraq Freedom and Op-eration New Dawn. He worked to en-sure the U.S. Special Operations Forces servicemembers throughout Iraq had the supplies and equipment they need-ed for counterterrorism operations and training. Upon his return, he was se-lected to serve as a congressional budg-et liaison in the Army’s Congressional Budget Office. Greg’s hard work in that role led to his being named the Chief of the Army Reserve Legislative Affairs Division in 2014, where, for nearly 5 years, he oversaw the legislative liaison team and worked to engage and inform Mem-bers of Congress and our staff members on the Army Reserve. As we thank Greg for his dedicated work over his career, we must also thank his family who have been his support system through it all: his wife Andrea; daughter, Alexis; and sons, Brennan and Christopher. The sacrifice of our servicemembers is immense, but so is that of their families, and we are grateful that they have shared Greg’s time and expertise in the service of our county. Greg has served with distinction and honor and now will be retiring to spend time playing golf and basketball, cheering on the Mountaineers and the Redskins, and, of course, spending time with his family. I congratulate Greg on his career of service and wish him the best as he moves into the next chapter of his life. f 
TRIBUTE TO DARREN HEDLUND Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Darren Hedlund, a legislative assistant in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, his colleagues, and the State of South Dakota. Darren is a native of Wall, SD. He graduated magna cum laude from the University of South Dakota before re-ceiving his master of public and inter-national affairs from the University of Pittsburgh. While working on his un-dergraduate degree, Darren also served as president of his fraternity, Pi Kappa Alpha. Darren was one of the first people I hired after being sworn in as Senator in January of 2015. He began his career at the front desk in my office, answer-ing phones. Through hard work and dedication, Darren worked his way up to legislative assistant, handling cy-bersecurity, Veterans Affairs, foreign affairs, telecommunication, and home-land security issues for my office. Darren has played an instrumental role in my office by providing insight and guidance into these issues. Darren has been a dedicated and faithful public servant during his time spent here in the Senate. I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Darren for the fine work he has done. I wish him and his wife Reagan well as they take on life’s new challenges to-gether. As he continues his career of public service, he bears the esteem of a grateful State and my utmost grati-tude for a job well done. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL MATTHEW J. BURGER ∑Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Col. Mat-thew J. Burger on his promotion to brigadier general. Matthew Burger graduated from the Air Force Academy in 1990 and served on Active Duty as an HH–1 instructor pilot and chief of safe-ty with the 27th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron, and later as chief of group Standardization and Evalua-tion, 85th Operations Group, Keflavik Naval Air Station, Iceland. Following 10 years on Active Duty, he joined the Air Force Reserve, where he has served in numerous command positions during his career. He has over 4,500 flight hours and is a command pilot. While serving, he has earned the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Unit Award, the Combat Readiness Medal with three silver oak leaf clusters, the National Defense Service Medal with bronze service star, and many other awards and decorations. Matthew is also the grandson of my late longtime staffer, Betty Burger, from Fairfield, IA. On December 12, 2018, he was unanimously confirmed by the Senate to the rank of brigadier general.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR PAUL V. BANKSTON ∑Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend MAJ Paul V. Bankston for his dedication to duty and service as an Army legislative fel-low on my staff. In January 2019, Paul will transfer to the Office of the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army, where he will serve as a congressional budget li-aison. A native of Okeechobee, FL, Paul re-ceived a bachelor of science degree in applied science and technology from Thomas Edison State College. He also earned a master of arts degree in legis-lative affairs from George Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.026 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7582 December 13, 2018 
University. Paul enlisted in the Army in 2000, rose through the enlisted ranks to sergeant first class, and received his commission in 2008. Most recently, Paul served as the Army legislative fellow on my staff, and for the Honorable Senator Thad Cochran prior to that. His operational experience in Africa and the Middle East, in addition to his technical ex-pertise in special operations, medical logistics, and combat medical care, have been pivotal in helping to shape Department of Defense appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. He has served the State of Mississippi and the Nation admirably. The staff and I have enjoyed the benefit of Paul’s counsel and have truly enjoyed work-ing with him. Paul’s leadership has brought great credit to the army, and I appreciate and commend his commit-ment to continue to serve our Nation. It is a pleasure to recognize and thank MAJ Paul V. Bankston for his exceptional service to our country. My staff and I extend our gratitude to Paul and his family for their sacrifices and service to the Nation, and we wish him well as he takes the next step in his ad-mirable career.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN ‘‘SKI’’ SUCHARSKI ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the tremen-dous service of Stephen ‘‘Ski’’ Sucharski, who joined our staff as a Brookings Fellow this year. Ski’s ex-pertise in defense, veterans, and home-land security issues was invaluable, helping to ensure we met the needs of constituents throughout our great State of Maryland. Ski came to our of-fice with a wealth of policy knowledge from his civilian work at the Depart-ment of Defense and his many years serving our country in the U.S. Army. Ski’s years of service enhanced our of-fice in many ways, perhaps most nota-bly in veterans affairs. I am particu-larly grateful to Ski for his dedication to improving services for veterans in our State and across our Nation. Ski’s generosity, willingness to pitch in wherever needed, and sense of humor made him a great colleague and terrific staffer in my office. We owe him a debt of gratitude, and we will miss him greatly. My whole staff and I wish him well as he embarks on his next journey in service to our country.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:20 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amend-ment: 
S. 1050. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of their dedicated service during World War II. S. 2101. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their per-severance, bravery, and service to the United States. S. 3170. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service pro-viders regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 887. An act to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend honorary citi-zenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 2315. An act to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Chris-topher Stevens, and Sean Smith, in recogni-tion of their contributions to the Nation. H.R. 6219. An act to support the independ-ence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2736. An act to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6964) to re-authorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 2454. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 1918. An act to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua unless the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes. S. 3237. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’. S. 3209. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’. S. 825. An act to provide for the convey-ance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. S. 2465. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell dis-ease prevention and treatment demonstra-tion program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. S. 3029. An act to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). S. 3119. An act to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. H.R. 3996. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to trans-fer certain cases to United States Tax Court. H.R. 1872. An act to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. H.R. 5759. An act to improve executive agency digital services, and for other pur-poses. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 1:07 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 3749. An act to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, review, and resolution of claims al-leging that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and pro-tections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sex-ual harassment, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 887. An act to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend honorary citi-zenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2315. An act to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Chris-topher Stevens, and Sean Smith in recogni-tion of their contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6219. An act to support the independ-ence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.029 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7583 December 13, 2018 
S. 3747. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, December 13, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 825. An act to provide for the convey-ance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. S. 2465. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell dis-ease prevention and treatment demonstra-tion program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. S. 3029. An act to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). S. 3119. An act to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. S. 3209. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’. S. 3237. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I A.) Post Office’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7425. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘6-Benzyladenine; Tolerances for Resi-dues’’ (FRL No. 9986–73) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7426. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maryland; Contin-uous Opacity Monitoring Requirements for Municipal Waste Combustors and Cement Plants’’ (FRL No. 9987–81–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 11, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7427. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Alternate Participant Program’’ (RIN0960–AI24) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 12, 2018; to the Committee on Finance . EC–7428. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7429. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting , pursuant to law, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion’s Office of Inspector General’s Semi-annual Report to Congress and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Management’s Response for the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7430. A communication from the Chair-man of the Board of Governors, U.S. Postal Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Re-port for the period of April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7431. A communication from the Acting Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Of-fice of Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7432. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report of a legisla-tive proposal to improve current legal frame-work for collateral-review litigation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7433. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Ciga-rette Lighters; Adjusted Customs Value for Cigarette Lighters’’ (16 CFR Part 1210) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7434. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Safety Stand-ard for Infant Bath Tubs’’ ((16 CFR Part 1234) (Docket No. CPSC–2015–0019)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 12, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7435. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Temporary Rule for Emergency Action to Specify Annual Catch Limits (ACL) for Red Snapper in the South Atlantic Region in 2017’’ (RIN0648–BH10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7436. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Framework Adjustment 56 to the Northeast Multispecies Fishery Management Plans’’ (RIN0648–BG53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7437. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Amendment to Revise the State Waters Scallop Exemption Program for the State of Maine under the Atlantic Sea Scal-lop Fishery Management Plan’’ (RIN0648– BG70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7438. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Windowpane Flounder Emergency Rule’’ (RIN0648–BH11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7439. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species; Annual Specifications; Final Rule; 2017–2018 Pacific Sardine Harvest Specifications’’ (RIN0648–XF311) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7440. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Restrictions on Fishing for Sharks in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–BG85) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7441. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG379) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7442. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean; Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Shrimp Fishery Off of the Southern Atlantic States; Reopening of the Penaeid Shrimp Fishery Off South Caro-lina’’ (RIN0648–XG294) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7443. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean; Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery of the South Atlantic Region; Amend-ment 37’’ (RIN0648–BG33) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 12, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–317. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to taxation; to the Committee on Finance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.040 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7584 December 13, 2018 
S. 1953. A bill to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law En-forcement Reform Act to provide for ad-vancements in public safety services to In-dian communities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–433). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. Kyle McCarter, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Kenya. Nominee: Kyle McCarter. Post: Ambassador to Kenya. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Kyle McCarter: $2,600, Mike Bost; $2000, Darin LaHood; $500, Ted Cruz. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Zachary McCarter (Claire): None. 4. Austin McCarter (Cathryn): None. 5. Calvin & Linda McCarter: None. 6. Grandparents: (Deceased). 7. Barry & Kelly Watson: $100, Ben Carson. 8. Jeff & Laurie McCarter: None. 9. Scott & Laurie Young: None. 
Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mongolia. Nominee: Michael S. Klecheski. Post: Mongolia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Eloisa D. Klecheski: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Stefan D. Klecheski: None; Kara D. Klecheski: None: Adam D. Klecheski: None. 4. Parents: Alfred Klecheski—Deceased; Maria Klecheski—Deceased. 5. Grandparents: Zygmunt Epstein—De-ceased; Bronislawa Epstein—Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: I have no siblings. 7. Sisters and Spouses: I have no siblings. 
Matthew John Matthews, of Virginia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Brunei Darussalam. Nominee: Matthew John Matthews. Post: Brunei. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Rachel Lin Matthews: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Kristen Lin Mat-thews: None; Daniel Lin Matthews: None; Wife—Elizabeth Matthews: None. 4. Parents: Matthew Anthony Matthews: (deceased); $100.00, 2014, Dennis Richardson; $25.00, 2014, Monica Welby; $25.00, 2014, Or-egon Republican Party; $25.00, 2014, Sullivan; $25.00, 2014, Prosperity Pack; $25.00, 2014, Paul Ryan; $25.00, 2014, John Thune; $25.00, 2014, Mitch McConnell; $25.00, 2014, Repub-lican National Committee; Adele Burnadette Matthews: None. (deceased). 5. Grandparents: All deceased. Matthew Perlingieri: None; Florence Perlingieri: None; John Kane: None; Margret Kane: None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Christopher John Matthews and Patty: None; William John Matthews—(deceased): None; James Michael Matthews: None; John Anthony Matthews: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Maureen Ann Gonzales and Augustine: None. Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Azerbaijan. Nominee: Earle D. Litzenberger, Jr. Post: Azerbaijan. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: Earle D. Litzenberger: None. 2. Spouse: Marianne W. Litzenberger: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Andrew L. Litzenberger: None; Tara Litzenberger: None; Ashley Litzenberger: None. 4. Parents: Earle D. Litzenberger: None— Deceased; Mary B. Litzenberger: None. 5. Grandparents: Andrew W. Litzenberger: None—Deceased; Virgin R. Litzenberger: None—Deceased; Paul W. Bailey: None—De-ceased; Deliah W Bailey: None—Deceased. 6 Brothers and Spouses : None. 7 Sisters and Spouses: Elizabeth L. Hol-brook: None; Steven Holbrook: None—De-ceased. 
Sarah-Ann Lynch, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana. Nominee: Sarah-Ann Lynch. Post: Ambassador to the Co-operative Re-public of Guyana. Nominated: September 24, 2018. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions: donee, date, amount: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Kevin F. Healy, None. 3. Children and Spouses: Mariah L. Healy, None; Garrett L. Healy, None; Dylan L. Healy, None. 4. Parents: Robert L. Lynch, Sr., Deceased; Evelyn F. Lynch, None. 5. Grandparents: John M. Lynch, Deceased; Margaret V. Lynch, Deceased; William J. McDonald, Deceased; Katheryn E. McDonald, Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Robert L. Lynch, Jr.: $52,000, 2013–18, See attached. Political Contributions From 2013–2018 Contribution Recipient, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, Grand Total. Alaska Democratic Party, $534.51, $534.51. Americans For The Arts Fund PAC, $5,000.00, $5,000.00, $5,000.00, $5,000.00, $5,000.00, $25,000.00. Arts And Humanities for America Political Action Committee, $5,000.00, $2,500.00, $7,500.00. Bonamici For Congress, $1,000.00, $1,000.00. Cicilline Committee, $2,500.00, $1,000.00, $1,000.00, $4,500.00. Colorado Democratic Party, $534.50, $534.50. Democractic Excecutive of Committee of Florida, $534.50, $534.50. Democractic Party of New Mexico, $534.48, $534.48. Democractic Party of Oregon, $534.48, $534.48. Democractic Party of South Carolina, $534.48, $534.48. Democractic Party of Virginia, $534.46, $534.46. Democractic Party of Wisconsin, $534.46, $534.46. Democractic State Central Committee Of LA, $352.63, $352.63. Democratic State Committee (Delaware), $534.49, $534.49. DNC Services Corp./Dem. Nat’l Committee, $250.00, $33,400.00, $250.00, $33,900.00. DNC Services Corporation/Democratic Na-tional Committee, $1,000.00, $1,000.00. Georgia Federal Elections Committee, $534.48, $534.48. Hillary For America, $2,700, $2,600.00, $5,300.00. Hillary Victory Fund, $56,310.00, $56,310.00. Idaho State Democratic Party, $534.49, $534.49. Indiana Democratic Congressional Victory Committee, $534.49, $534.49. Iowa Democratic Party, $534.49, $534.49. Kathleen Matthews for Congress, $1,500.00, $1,500.00. Kentucky State Democratic Central Exec-utive Committee, $534.49, $534.49. Louise Slaughter Re-Election Committee, $250.00, $250.00. Maine Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. Massachusltts Democratic State Com-mittee, $528.96, $528.96. Michigan Democratic State Central Com-mittee, $528.96, $528.96. Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, $534.48, $534.48. Mississippi Democratic State Committee, $534.48, $534.48. Missouri Democratic State Committee, $534.48, $534.48. Montana Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. Nevada State Democratic Party, $534.48 $534.48. New Hampshire Democratic Party, $534.48 $534.48. New Jersey Democratic State Committee, $534.48, $534.48. North Carolina Democratic Party—Fed-eral, $534.48, $534.48. Ohio Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. Oklahoma Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. Parity PAC, $250.00, $250.00. Pennsylvania Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. Rhode Island Democratic State Com-mittee, $534.48, $534.48. South Dakota Democratic Party, $534.47, $534.47. Tennessee Democratic Party, $534.47, $534.47. Texas Democratic Party, $534.48, $534.48. WV State Democratic Executive Com-mittee, $534.47, $534.47. WY Democratic State Central Committee, $534.16, $534.16. Grand Total, $5,000.00, $6,250.00, $13,950.00, $119,823.64, $8,750.00, $1,250.00, $155,023,64. Note: Robert L. Lynch’s Personal Cam-paign Contributions totaled approximately $52,000 (per Robert L. Lynch); the remainder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.044 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7585 December 13, 2018 
of these funds was attributed to him per his role as Treasurer for Americans for the Arts Action Fund PAC. No. Spouse. Roger A. Lynch: None. Lindsey Fletcher-Lynch: (spouse), None. Donald J. Lynch: $75.00, 4/29/2014, Democratic National Committee; $100.00, 3/29/2016, Hil-lary Victory Fund; $16.55, 7/28/2016, Hillary Victory Fund; $50.00, 7/28/2016, Hillary for America; $10.00, 8/11/2016 Hillary for America; $100.00, 10/5/2016 Hillary for America; $75.00, 2018, Democratic National Committee. Leslie Carney Lynch: (spouse) None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: No sisters. 
Christopher Paul Henzel, of Virginia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Yemen. Nominee: Christopher Henzel. Post: Yemen. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Adrienne V. Henzel: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Claire Henzel: None; Brendan Henzel: None; Joseph Henzel: None. 4. Parents: Richard E. Henzel: $93, 1/20/17, Trump for President; $93, 11/29/16, Trump for President; Adrienne R. Henzel: None. 5. Grandparents: All deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Gregory Henzel & Paula Ditton: None; Matthew Henzel: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Laura Henzel: $5, 8/ 11/16, Hillary Victory Fund; Michael Lavine: $27, 6/18/17, Jon Ossoff; $3, 5/18/17, Jon Ossoff; $3, 4/18/17, Jon Ossoff; Throughout 2016: Sev-eral contributions totaling $216 to Hillary Victory Fund; Throughout 2016: Several con-tributions totaling $27 to Act Blue. 
Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Arme-nia. Nominee: Lynne Marie Tracy. Post: Yerevan, Armenia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: not applicable. 3. Children and Spouses: not applicable. 4. Parents: Albert and Carol Tracy, none. 5. Grandparents: Albert (deceased 1973) and Arletta Tracy (deceased 1990); Clarence (de-ceased 1999) and Isabel Pontius, none. 6. Brothers and Spouses: not applicable. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Anita and Arthur Jepsky, $ -0-; Mary Lou and Donald Carter, $ -0-. 
Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr., of Tennessee, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Commonwealth of Australia. Nominee: Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr. Post: Ambassador [Chief of Mission], Aus-tralia, Department of State. Nominated: 11/15/2018. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr.: $2,700.00, 08/25/2017, Bob Corker for Senate; $210.00, 11/ 30/2016, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $2,700.00, 09/14/2016, Friends of Roy Blunt; $210.00, 08/31/2016, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $2,700.00, 07/26/2016, Portman for U.S. Senate (FEC website erroneously shows two $2,700.00 contributions); $420.00, 05/31/2016, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $1,000.00, 05/17/2016, Comstock for Congress; $2,700.00, 03/21/2016, Friends of John McCain; $210.00, 12/08/2015, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $2,700.00, 09/11/2015, Jeb 2016, Inc. (Jeb Bush for President); $210.00, 09/10/2015, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $420.00, 06/10/2015, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $300.00, 12/10/ 2014, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $300.00, 09/10/2014, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee; $2,600.00, 07/17/2014, Alexander for Senate Inc; $600.00, 06/10/2014, O’Melveny & Myers Federal Political Action Committee. 2. Spouse (No Spouse). 3. Children and Spouses: Sarah Culvahouse Mills: $100.00, 02/23/2016, Marco Rubio for President; James Mills; None; Arthur B. Culvahouse III (deceased): None; Elizabeth L. Callahan: None; Stephen T. Callahan: None; Anne Culvahouse Teague: None; Michael R. Teague: None. 4. Parents: Arthur Boggess Culvahouse, Sr. (deceased): None; Ruth Wear Culvahouse (de-ceased): None. 5. Grandparents: Chester A. Culvahouse (deceased): None; Martha Dixie Culvahouse (deceased): None; Sheridan Highway Wear (deceased): None; Callie Webb Wear (de-ceased): None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: S. Wear Culvahouse: $100.00, 03/22/2017, Act Blue; $100.00, 03/22/2017, Act Blue; Douglas Graneto, $500.00, 09/20/2016, Hillary Victory Fund. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Melinda C. Hardy: None; William E. Hardy (deceased): None; Martha S. Culvahouse: None; John S. Waggett*: $100.00, 10/18/2018, Mariah Phillips for Congress; $100.00, 08/03/2018, Mariah Phil-lips for Congress; $10.00, 08/30/2017, Our Revo-lution; $5.00, 12/01/2016, Democratic Congres-sional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $5.00, 11/07/2016, Missourians for Kander; $15.00, 11/ 04/2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $50.00, 11/01/2016, Missou-rians for Kander; 15.00, 10/28/2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $17.00, 10/22/2016, Missourians for Kander; $15.00, 10/21/2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $25.00, 10/15/ 2016, Missourians for Kander; $15.00, 10/14/ 2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $15.00, 10/07/2016, Demo-cratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $2.77, 09/30/2016, Catherine Cortez Masto for Senate $2.78, 09/30/2016, Strickland for Senate; $2.78, 09/30/2016, Maggie for New Hampshire; $2.78, 09/30/2016, Deborah Ross for Senate; $2.77, 09/30/2016, Elizabeth for Massa-chusetts; $2 78, 09/30/2016, Tammy Duckworth for Illinois; $2.78, 09/30/2016, Katie McGinty for Senate; $2.78, 09/30/2016, Missourians for Kander; $2.78, 09/30/2016, Russ for Wisconsin; $15.00, 09/30/2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $15.00, 09/23/ 2016, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $10.00, 08/30/2016, Our Revolution; $27 00, 07/26/2016, Our Revolution; $25.00, 06/21/2016, Zephyr Teachout for Con-gress; $27.00, 04/15/2016, Bernie 2016; $12.50, 04/ 13/2016, Lucy Flores for Congress; $12.50, 04/13/ 2016, Bernie 2016; $12.50, 04/13/2016, Pramilla for Congress; $12.50, 04/13/2016, Zephyr Teachout for Congress; $27.00, 03/05/2016, Ber-nie 2016; $6.25, 02/24/2016, Elizabeth for Massa-chusetts; $6.25, 02/24/2016, Maggie for New Hampshire; $6.25, 02/24/2016, Russ for Wis-consin; $6.25, 02/24/2016, Strickland for Sen-ate; $27.00, 01/04/2016, Bernie 2016; $25.00, 12/14/ 2015, Bernie 2016; $50.00, 08/12/2015, Bernie 2016; $50.00, 05/27/2015, Bernie 2016; $5.00, 10/30/2014, Democratic Congressional Campaign Com-mittee (DCCC); $10.00, 10/25/2014, Alison Lundergan Grimes for Senate; $10.00, 10/25/ 2014, Democracy for America (DFA); $25.00, 10/24/2014, Rick Weiland for Senate; $25.00, 10/ 14/2014, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $20.00, 10/08/2014, Alison Lundergan Grimes for Senate; $20.00, 10/08/ 2014, MayDay.US; $20.00, 09/03/2014, Alison Lundergan Grimes for Senate; $5.00, 08/21/ 2014, Amanda Curtis for Senate; $10.00, 08/18/ 2014, Zephyr Teachout for Governor; $5.00, 07/ 25/2014, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC); $12.50, 07/04/2014, Progres-sive Change Campaign Committee (PCCC); $5.00, 01/08/2014, Kelly Westlund for Congress; $20.00, 01/08/2014, Progressive Change Cam-paign Committee (PCCC). *Note that the donees in most cases were earmarked via contributions to Act Blue. Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Director General of the Foreign Service. John Barsa, of Florida, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning with Kelly E. Adams-Smith and ending with Jorge R. Vazquez, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. (minus 1 nominee: Jay P. Williams) By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on Armed Services. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Richard D. Clarke, to be General. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Ken-neth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. Scott C. Bridgers and ending with Col. Jus-tin R. Walrath, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 4, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. John D. Caine and ending with Brig. Gen. Brian M. Simpler, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on De-cember 4, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. Steven D. Michaud and ending with Col. Raymond H. Siegfried II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 4, 2018. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.081 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7586 December 13, 2018 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. M CCONNELL , and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3749. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, review, and resolution of claims al-leging that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and pro-tections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sex-ual harassment, and for other purposes; con-sidered and passed. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3750. A bill to delay the effective date of the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ ; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 3751. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of telehealth services for remote imaging for chronic eye disease; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 3752. A bill to require the transfer of cer-tain land to be held in trust for the benefit of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe of North and South Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. R ISCH): S. 3753. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to grant a Federal charter to the Forest and Refuge County Foundation, to provide for the establishment of the Nat-ural Resources Permanent Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3754. A bill to prohibit price gouging in the sale of drugs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 3755. A bill to establish a demonstration program regarding background checks for certain employees of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. 3756. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require oil polluters to pay the full cost of oil spills, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. 3757. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to require oil polluters to pay the full cost of oil spills, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 3758. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iranian financial institutions and the development and use of Iranian digital currency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 3759. A bill to designate Venezuela under section 244 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to permit nationals of Venezuela to be eligible for temporary protected status under such section and to strengthen inter-nal migration systems in countries sur-rounding Venezuela; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. R EED): S.J. Res. 69. A joint resolution supporting a Diplomatic Solution in Yemen and Con-demning the Murder of Jamal Khashoggi; considered and passed. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 724. A resolution amending rule XXXI of the Standing Rules of the Senate to limit the time during which a nomination shall be confirmed or rejected, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 725. A resolution modifying ex-tended debate in the Senate to improve the legislative process; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 726. A resolution amending rule XXVIII of the Standing Rules of the Senate to provide for timely establishment of con-ference committees; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 727. A resolution providing for con-sideration of changes to rules for the pro-ceedings of the Senate; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 728. A resolution amending rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate to limit debate on motions to proceed; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 729. A resolution amending rule XV of the Standing Rules of the Senate to pro-vide for consideration of a minimum number of amendments; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 730. A resolution condemning the tragic mass shooting in Thousand Oaks, California, supporting all of the people im-pacted by the horrific event, and thanking law enforcement, firefighters, and emer-gency medical teams for their courageous ef-forts to respond to the attack and save lives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. TILLIS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 731. A resolution designating De-cember 10, 2018, as ‘‘Human Rights Day’’ and recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 378 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 378, a bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the maintenance of databases on awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative pro-ceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordinated care to children with complex medical condi-tions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in pallia-tive care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assist-ant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in aca-demic palliative medicine. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-pand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1036 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.060 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7587 December 13, 2018 
S. 1036, a bill to promote research, de-velopment, and demonstration of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy technologies, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1292 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1292, a bill to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat anti-Semitism globally, and for other purposes. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Demonstration Program. 
S. 2690 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2690, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit re-view of certain Medicare payment de-terminations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3181 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3181, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to in-clude in periodic health assessments, separation history and physical exami-nations, and other assessments an eval-uation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic airborne chemicals, and for other purposes. 
S. 3319 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3319, a bill to impose additional restric-tions on tobacco flavors for use in e- cigarettes. 
S. 3501 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3501, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a contract or other agreement with a third party to review appointees in the Veterans Health Administration who had a license terminated for cause by a State licensing board for care or serv-ices rendered at a non-Veterans Health Administration facility and providing individuals treated by such an ap-pointee with notice if it is determined that an episode of care or services to which they received was below the standard of care, and for other pur-poses. S. 3549 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3549, a bill to establish the Palestinian Partnership Fund to promote joint eco-nomic development and finance joint ventures between Palestinian entre-preneurs and companies in the United States, Israel, and countries in the Middle East to improve economic co-operation and people to people ex-changes to further shared community building, peaceful coexistence, dia-logue, and reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians. 
S. 3559 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3559, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to terminate the credit for new qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles and to provide for a Federal Highway user fee on alter-native fuel vehicles. 
S. 3577 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3577, a bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to require the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council to consider alternative approaches before determining that a U.S. nonbank finan-cial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, and for other purposes. 
S. 3602 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3602, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reau-thorize school-based health centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 3622 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3622, a bill to condemn gross human rights violations of ethnic Turkic Mus-lims in Xinjiang, and calling for an end to arbitrary detention, torture, and harassment of these communities in-side and outside China. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon re-lease from prison, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3702 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3702, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prevent the misclassification of drugs for purposes of the Medicaid drug rebate program. S. 3728 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3728, a bill to promote the provision of exercise or fitness equip-ment, and exercise or fitness classes and instruction, that are accessible to individuals with disabilities. 
S. 3729 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3729, a bill to recognize and honor the service of individuals who served in the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 3746 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 3746, a bill to curtail the use of changes in manda-tory programs affecting the Crime Vic-tims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. RES. 717 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 717, a resolution honoring the life and legacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4090 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Wy-oming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4090 pro-posed to S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4095 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4095 pro-posed to S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4096 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4096 proposed to S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolu-tion to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4097 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4097 proposed to S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.063 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7588 December 13, 2018 
removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4098 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4098 proposed to S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 3753. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to grant a Federal charter to the Forest and Refuge Coun-ty Foundation, to provide for the es-tablishment of the Natural Resources Permanent Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today Senator C
RAPO of Idaho and I are intro-ducing the Forest Management for Rural Stability Act. This legislation replaces the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act (SRS) to provide revenue sharing with and compensation to over 700 rural for-ested counties in the over 40 States that host America’s treasured, public forested lands and wildlife refuges. In 2000, then-Senator Larry Craig, also of Idaho, and I, had signed into law SRS: a 6-year long safety-net pro-gram to stabilize county budgets fol-lowing years of depleted revenue shar-ing payments from the U.S. Forest Service (USFS) and the Oregon and California Grant Lands managed by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Over its lifetime, SRS has been a success, providing more than $6.8 bil-lion nationwide for rural roads, schools, and healthy forest projects. SRS also provided the basis for the be-ginning of, and the now growing pro-pensity for, the USFS and the BLM to collaborate with local people and inter-ests on the management of these public lands, and for local folks and counties to collaborate together and with the USFS and BLM, in return. Despite its many successes, the con-tinuation of SRS is in jeopardy. The program expired in fiscal year 2016. Congress passed a two-year extension of the program, but after its expira-tion. And this was not the first time nor the last time Congress allowed it to expire—SRS is expired right now, though Senator C
RAPO and I are at-tempting, in these last moments of the 115th Congress, to reauthorize it again for at least a year, perhaps two. This stop and start existence of this program hits at the heart of any at-tempts at collaboration. And it cer-tainly undermines any attempts for a county to budget. Our rural counties should not continue to suffer neither this uncertainty, nor the market based uncertainty that comes with simply re-lying on revenue sharing and forest management for support. That is why Senator CRAPO and I pro-pose an SRS modernization, funding certainty while supporting active for-est management. The Forest Manage-ment for Rural Stability Act estab-lishes a permanent endowment fund, the Natural Resources Permanent Fund, to provide stable, reliable, in-creasing payments to counties, in per-petuity, removing them from the va-garies of Congress or the market. Under this legislation, Congress char-ters a fiduciary corporation, the Forest and Refuge County Foundation, to manage the endowed fund. The cor-poration will be independent from any instrumentality of the U.S. govern-ment, including Congress, to ensure the principle balance is held in per-petuity and is separate from annual ap-propriations. The corporation will be overseen by a board of directors re-sponsible for a transparent governance structure. The principle of the fund will be invested to earn interest. To grow the fund, in addition to the in-vestment income, the USFS, BLM, and the Fish and Wildlife Service will de-posit their annual revenue sharing re-ceipts into the fund. The interest the fund generates will constitute the pay-ments to the counties, distributed an-nually using the existing SRS formula. Initial payments to counties will be equal what counties received for Fiscal Year 2017 SRS payments. The Forest Management for Rural Stability Act continues Congress’s commitment to fostering economic growth in rural counties by continuing Forest Service Resource Advisory Com-mittees. In addition, the bill gives county governments greater flexibility in how these funds are spent for eco-nomic development and rural jobs. Passing the the Forest Management for Rural Stability Act will update SRS for 2018 and beyond—looking for-ward for our forested counties, rather than backward to last century efforts. This bill updates an already successful program that deserves action. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant bill. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. M CCONNELL , and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3749. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to re-form the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and resolution of claims alleging that em-ploying offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protec-tions provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; considered and passed. 
S. 3749 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.). (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references in Act; table of contents. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims Sec. 101. Description of procedures available for consideration of alleged vio-lations. Sec. 102. Reform of process for initiation of procedures. Sec. 103. Preliminary review of claims by hearing officer. Sec. 104. Availability of mediation during process. Subtitle B—Other Reforms Sec. 111. Requiring Members of Congress to reimburse Treasury for amounts paid as settlements and awards in cases of acts by Members. Sec. 112. Automatic referral to Congres-sional Ethics Committees of disposition of certain claims al-leging violations of Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 involving Members of Con-gress and senior staff. Sec. 113. Availability of remote work assign-ment or paid leave of absence during pendency of procedures. Sec. 114. Modification of rules on confiden-tiality of proceedings. Sec. 115. Reimbursement by other employ-ing offices of legislative branch of payments of certain awards and settlements. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS Sec. 201. Reports on awards and settlements. Sec. 202. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices. Sec. 203. Record retention. Sec. 204. Confidential advisors. Sec. 205. GAO study of management prac-tices. Sec. 206. GAO audit of cybersecurity. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS Sec. 301. Application of Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. Sec. 302. Extension to unpaid staff of rights and protections against em-ployment discrimination. Sec. 303. Clarification of treatment of Li-brary of Congress visitors. Sec. 304. Notices. Sec. 305. Clarification of coverage of em-ployees of Helsinki and China Commissions. Sec. 306. Training and education programs of other employing offices. Sec. 307. Support for out-of-area covered em-ployees. Sec. 308. Renaming Office of Compliance as Office of Congressional Work-place Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 401. Effective date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.065 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7589 December 13, 2018 
TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initi-ation, Preliminary Review, and Resolution of Claims 
SEC. 101. DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES AVAIL-ABLE FOR CONSIDERATION OF AL-LEGED VIOLATIONS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES DESCRIBED .—Section 401 (2 U.S.C. 1401) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCEDURE FOR CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING AND REVIEW OF CLAIMS .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided, the procedure for consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II consists of— ‘‘(1) the filing of a claim by the covered employee alleging the violation, as provided in section 402; ‘‘(2) the preliminary review of the claim, to be conducted by a hearing officer as provided in section 403; ‘‘(3) mediation as provided in section 404, if requested and agreed to by the parties under that section; and ‘‘(4) a formal hearing as provided in section 405, subject to Board review as provided in section 406 and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit as provided in section 407. ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF EMPLOYEE TO FILECIVILAC-
TION.— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL ACTION .—Only a covered em-ployee who has filed a claim timely as pro-vided in section 402 and who has not sub-mitted a request for a hearing on the claim pursuant to section 405(a) may, during the period described in paragraph (3), file a civil action in a District Court of the United States with respect to the violation alleged in the claim, as provided in section 408. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FILING CIVIL ACTION .—Not- withstanding paragraph (2), (3), or (4) of sub-section (a), if the covered employee files such a civil action— ‘‘(A) the preliminary review of the claim by the hearing officer as provided in section 403 shall terminate upon the filing of the ac-tion by the covered employee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure for consideration of the alleged violation shall not include any fur-ther review of the claim by the hearing offi-cer as provided in section 403. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD FOR FILING CIVIL ACTION .—The period described in this paragraph with re-spect to a claim is the 70-day period which begins on the date the covered employee files the claim under section 402. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR EMPLOYEES WHO FAIL  
TO STATE A CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAY BE  
GRANTED .—Notwithstanding paragraph (3), if a covered employee receives a written notice from the hearing officer under section 403(d)(2) that the employee has the right to file a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, the covered employee may file the civil action not later than 90 days after receiving such written no-tice. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ARCHITECT OF THE  C
APITOL AND CAPITOL POLICE .—In the case of an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, the Of-fice, after receiving a claim filed under sec-tion 402, may recommend that the employee use the grievance procedures of the Archi-tect of the Capitol or the Capitol Police for resolution of the employee’s grievance for a specific period of time. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for which the em-ployee is using the grievance procedures, that has not already passed by the first day of that specific period, shall be stayed during that specific period. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES FOR LIBRARY OF  C
ONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) DIRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, or 203. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a Library claimant. ‘‘(C) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means, with respect to a di-rect provision, an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER THIS ACT .—A Library claim-ant who initially files a claim for an alleged violation as provided in section 402 may, at any time before the date that is 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of the claim under sec-tion 403(c), elect to bring the claim for a pro-ceeding before the corresponding Federal agency under the corresponding direct provi-sion, instead of continuing with the proce-dures applicable to the claim under this title or filing a civil action in accordance with section 408. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS OR LABOR  
LAW.—A Library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(A) continue with the agency’s procedures and preserve the option (if any) to bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant; or ‘‘(B) file a claim with the Office under sec-tion 402 and continue with the corresponding procedures of this title available and appli-cable to a covered employee. ‘‘(4) T
IMING .—A Library claimant who meets the initial deadline under section 402(d) for filing a claim under this title, or any initial deadline for bringing a claim, complaint, or charge under the applicable di-rect provision, and then elects to change to alternative procedures as described in para-graph (2) or (3)(B), shall be considered to meet any initial deadline for the alternative procedures. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall take effect and shall apply as described in section 153(c) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) (except to the extent such section applies to any violation of section 210 or a provision of an Act specified in section 210). ‘‘(e) R
IGHTS OF PARTIES TO RETAIN PRIVATE  C
OUNSEL .—Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to limit the authority of any indi-vidual (including a covered employee, the head of an employing office, or an individual who is alleged to have committed personally an act which consists of a violation of part A of title II) to retain counsel to protect the interests of the individual at any point dur-ing any of the procedures provided under this title for the consideration of an alleged vio-lation of part A of title II, including as pro-vided under section 415(d)(8) with respect to individuals subject to a reimbursement re-quirement of section 415(d). ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS FOR ASSERTIONS MADE BY  P
ARTIES .—Any party in any of the proce-dures provided under this title, as well as any counsel or other person representing a party in any of such procedures, shall have an obligation to ensure that, to the best of the party’s knowledge, information, and be-lief, as formed after an inquiry which is rea-sonable under the circumstances, each of the following is correct: ‘‘(1) No pleading, written motion, or other paper is presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of resolution of the matter. ‘‘(2) The claims, defenses, and other legal contentions the party advocates are war-ranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or re-versing existing law or for establishing new law. ‘‘(3) The factual contentions have evi-dentiary support or, if specifically so identi-fied, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further re-view or discovery. ‘‘(4) The denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or, if specifically so identified, are reasonably based on belief or a lack of information. ‘‘(g) PROCEDURE .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to supersede or limit section 225(d)(2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  C
IVIL ACTION .—Section 408(a) (2 U.S.C. 1408(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 404’’ and inserting ‘‘section 401’’; (2) by striking ‘‘who has completed coun-seling under section 402 and mediation under section 403’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO  T
ITLE IV.—Title IV is amended— (1) by striking section 404 (2 U.S.C. 1404); and (2) by redesignating section 403 (2 U.S.C. 1403) as section 404. (d) M
ISCELLANEOUS CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 225 (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 404; and (2) by redesignating the item relating to section 403 as relating to section 404. 
SEC. 102. REFORM OF PROCESS FOR INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NITIATION OF PROCEDURES .—Section 402 (2 U.S.C. 1402) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) C LAIM.— ‘‘(1) F
ILING OF CLAIM .—To commence a pro-ceeding under this title, a covered employee alleging a violation of law made applicable under part A of title II shall file a claim with the Office. The Office shall not accept a claim which is filed after the deadline appli-cable under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF CLAIM .—The claim filed under this section shall be made in writing under oath or affirmation, shall describe the facts that form the basis of the claim and the violation that is being alleged, shall identify the employing office alleged to have committed the violation or in which the vio-lation is alleged to have occurred, and shall be in such form as the Office requires. ‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON ABILITY OF COVERED EM -
PLOYEE TO SEEK INFORMATION FROM OFFICE OR  
PURSUE RELIEF .—Nothing in paragraph (2), or subsection (b) or (c), may be construed to limit the ability of a covered employee— ‘‘(A) to contact the Office or any other ap-propriate office prior to filing a claim under this section to seek information regarding the employee’s rights under this Act and the procedures available under this Act; ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered employee of an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or Senate, to refer information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7590 December 13, 2018 
regarding an alleged violation of part A of title II to the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Com-mittee on Ethics of the Senate (as the case may be); or ‘‘(C) to file a civil action in accordance with section 401(b). ‘‘(b) I
NITIAL PROCESSING OF CLAIM.— ‘‘(1) I
NTAKE AND RECORDING ; NOTIFICATION  
TO EMPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon the filing of a claim by a covered employee under sub-section (a), the Office shall take such steps as may be necessary for the initial intake and recording of the claim, including pro-viding each party with all relevant informa-tion with respect to the rights of the party under this Act, and shall transmit imme-diately a copy of the claim to the head of the employing office and the designated rep-resentative of that office. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
FOR CLAIMS BASED ON ACTS BY MEMBERS OF  
CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a claim al-leging a violation described in subparagraph (B) which consists of a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A) by an individual, upon the filing of the claim under subsection (a), the Office shall notify immediately such in-dividual of the claim, the possibility that the individual may be required to reimburse the account described in section 415(a) for the re-imbursable portion of any award or settle-ment in connection with the claim, and the right of the individual under section 415(d)(8) to intervene in any mediation, hearing, or civil action under this title with respect to the claim. ‘‘(B) V
IOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(c) U
SE OF SECURE ELECTRONIC REPORTING  
ANDTRACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF SE -
CURE SYSTEM .—The Office shall establish and operate a secure electronic reporting system through which a covered employee may ini-tiate a proceeding under this title, and which will keep an electronic record of the date and time at which the proceeding is initiated and will track all subsequent actions or pro-ceedings occurring with respect to the pro-ceeding under this title. ‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBILITY TO ALL PARTIES .—The system shall be accessible to all parties to such actions or proceedings, but only until the completion of such actions or pro-ceedings. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PRO -
CEDURES .—The Office shall use the informa-tion contained in the system to make reg-ular assessments of the effectiveness of the procedures under this title in providing for the timely resolution of claims, and shall submit semi-annual reports on such assess-ments each year to the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate. ‘‘(d) D
EADLINE .—A covered employee may not file a claim under this section with re-spect to an allegation of a violation of law after the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the alleged viola-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by amending the item relating to section 402 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 402. Initiation of procedures.’’. SEC. 103. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS BY HEARING OFFICER. 
(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW DESCRIBED .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 101(c), is further amended by inserting after section 402 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 403. PRELIMINARY REVIEW OF CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) P RELIMINARY REVIEW BY HEARING OF-
FICER .— ‘‘(1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 7 days after transmission to the employing office of a claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer to conduct a preliminary review of the claim. ‘‘(2) P
ROCESS FOR APPOINTMENT .—The Exec-utive Director shall appoint a hearing officer under this subsection in the same manner and in accordance with the same require-ments and procedures applicable to the ap-pointment of a hearing officer under section 405(c). ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS REQUIRED .—In con- ducting a preliminary review of a claim under this section, the hearing officer shall assess each of the following: ‘‘(1) Whether the claimant is a covered em-ployee authorized to obtain relief relating to the claim under this title. ‘‘(2) Whether the office which is the subject of the claim is an employing office under this Act. ‘‘(3) Whether the individual filing the claim has met the applicable deadlines for filing the claim under this title. ‘‘(4) The identification of factual and legal issues involved with respect to the claim. ‘‘(5) The specific relief sought by the indi-vidual. ‘‘(6) Whether, on the basis of the assess-ments made under paragraphs (1) through (5), the individual filing the claim is a cov-ered employee who has stated a claim for which, if the allegations contained in the claim are true, relief may be granted under this title. ‘‘(7) The potential for the settlement of the claim without a formal hearing as provided under section 405 or a civil action as pro-vided under section 408. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after a claim is filed under section 402, the hearing officer shall submit to the individual filing the claim and the office which is the subject of the claim a report on the preliminary re-view conducted under this section, and shall include in the report the hearing officer’s de-termination as to whether the individual is a covered employee who has stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title (as described in paragraph (6) of subsection (b)). The submission of the report shall con-clude the preliminary review. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The hearing officer may (upon notice to the individual filing the claim and the employing office which is the subject of the claim) use an ad-ditional period of not to exceed 30 days to conclude the preliminary review. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATION OF FAILURE  
TOSTATE CLAIM FOR WHICH RELIEF MAYBE G
RANTED .—If the hearing officer’s report on the preliminary review of a claim under sub-section (c) includes the determination that the individual filing the claim is not a cov-ered employee or has not stated a claim for which relief may be granted under this title— ‘‘(1) the individual (including an individual who is a Library claimant, as defined in sec-tion 401(d)(1)) may not obtain a formal hear-ing with respect to the claim as provided under section 405; and ‘‘(2) the hearing officer shall provide the individual and the Executive Director with a written notice that the individual may file a civil action with respect to the claim in ac-cordance with section 408. ‘‘(e) TRANSMISSION OF REPORT ON PRELIMI -
NARY REVIEW OF CERTAIN CLAIMS TO CON-
GRESSIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES .—In the case of a hearing officer’s report under subsection (c) on the preliminary review of a claim al-leging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(A), the hearing officer shall trans-mit the report to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of such an act by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); or ‘‘(2) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of such an act by a Sen-ator.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTING HEARING  A
FTER PRELIMINARY REVIEW .—Section 405(a) (2 U.S.C. 1405(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR HEARINGS TO COM-
MENCE IN OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) H
EARING REQUIRED UPON REQUEST .—If, not later than 10 days after a hearing officer submits the report on the preliminary review of a claim under section 403(c), a covered em-ployee submits a request to the Executive Director for a hearing under this section, the Executive Director shall appoint an inde-pendent hearing officer pursuant to sub-section (c) to consider the claim and render a decision, and a hearing shall be com-menced in the Office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to the claim if— ‘‘(A) the hearing officer’s report on the pre-liminary review of the claim under section 403(c) includes the determination that the in-dividual filing the claim is not a covered em-ployee who has stated a claim for which re-lief may be granted under this title (as de-scribed in section 403(d)); or ‘‘(B) the covered employee files a civil ac-tion as provided in section 408 with respect to the claim.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON-
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON-
DUCTING HEARING .—Section 405(c) (2 U.S.C. 1405(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING HEARING OFFICER CON -
DUCTING PRELIMINARY REVIEW FROM CON -
DUCTING HEARING .—The Executive Director may not appoint a hearing officer to conduct a hearing under this section with respect to a claim if the hearing officer conducted the preliminary review with respect to the claim under section 403.’’. (d) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF HEAR-
ING; PERMITTING ADDITIONAL TIME.—Section 405(d) (2 U.S.C. 1405(d)) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) commenced no later than 90 days after the Executive Director receives the covered employee’s request for the hearing under subsection (a), except that, upon mutual agreement of the parties or for good cause, the Office shall extend the time for com-mencing a hearing for not more than an ad-ditional 30 days; and’’. (e) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RE-
LATING TO HEARINGS CONDUCTED BY OFFICE OF  C
ONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS .—Section 405 (2 U.S.C. 1405) is amended as follows: (1) In the heading, by striking ‘‘
COMPLAINT  
AND’’. (2) In subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘request for a hearing under subsection (a)’’. (3) In subsection (d) in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (4) In subsection (g), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (f) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 414 (2 U.S.C. 1414) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF COMPLAINTS ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7591 December 13, 2018 
(g) C LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents, as amended by section 101(e), is further amended as follows: (1) By inserting after the item relating to section 402 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 403. Preliminary review of claims.’’. (2) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 405 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 405. Hearing.’’. (3) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 414 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 414. Settlement.’’. 
SEC. 104. AVAILABILITY OF MEDIATION DURING PROCESS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(a) (2 U.S.C. 1403(a)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING MEDIATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—Upon receipt of a claim under section 402, the Office shall no-tify the covered employee who filed the claim about the process for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon trans-mission to the employing office of the claim pursuant to section 402(b), the Office shall notify the employing office about the proc-ess for mediation under this section and the deadlines applicable to such mediation. ‘‘(2) I
NITIATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), either the cov-ered employee who filed a claim under sec-tion 402 or the employing office named in the claim may file a request for mediation with the Office, which shall promptly notify the other party. If the other party agrees to the request, the Office shall promptly assign a mediator to the claim, and conduct medi-ation under this section. ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A covered employee or an employing office may file a request for medi-ation under subparagraph (A) during the pe-riod beginning on the date that the covered employee or employing office, respectively, receives a notification under paragraph (1) regarding a claim under section 402 and end-ing on the date on which a hearing officer issues a written decision relating to the claim under section 405(g) or the covered em-ployee files a civil action with respect to the claim in accordance with section 408, as ap-plicable. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO REQUEST OR ACCEPT MEDI -
ATION TO HAVE NO EFFECT ON TREATMENT OF  
CLAIM .—The failure of a party to request me-diation under this section with respect to a claim, or the failure of a party to agree to a request for mediation under this section, may not be taken into consideration under any procedure under this title with respect to the claim, including a preliminary review under section 403, a formal hearing under section 405, or a civil action under section 408.’’. (b) R
EQUIRING PARTIES TO BESEPARATED  D
URING MEDIATION AT REQUEST OF EM-
PLOYEE .—Section 404(b)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1403(b)(2)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking ‘‘meetings with the parties separately or jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘meetings with the parties during which, at the request of any of the parties, the parties shall be separated,’’. (c) P
ERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 404(c) (2 U.S.C. 1403(c)), as redesignated by section 101(c), is amended by striking the first 2 sen-tences and inserting the following: ‘‘The me-diation period shall be 30 days, beginning on the first day after the second party agrees to the request for the mediation. The mediation period may be extended for one additional period of 30 days at the joint request of the covered employee and employing office. Any deadline in this Act relating to a claim for which mediation has been agreed to in this section, that has not already passed by the first day of the mediation period, shall be stayed during the mediation period.’’. Subtitle B—Other Reforms SEC. 111. REQUIRING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO REIMBURSE TREASURY FOR AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS AND AWARDS IN CASES OF ACTS BY MEMBERS. 
(a) M ANDATING REIMBURSEMENT OF  A
MOUNTS PAID.—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS OF AMOUNTS PAID AS SETTLEMENTS  
ANDAWARDS .— ‘‘(1) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (D), if a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in subparagraph (C) committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, the individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of the award or set-tlement for the claim involved. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS .—In the case of an award made pursuant to a decision of a hearing of-ficer under section 405, or a court in a civil action, subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the hearing officer or court makes a separate finding that a violation described in subpara-graph (C) occurred which was committed personally by an individual who, at the time of committing the violation, was a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, and such individual shall reimburse the account for the amount of compensatory damages included in the award as would be available if awarded under section 1977A(b)(3) of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a(b)(3)) irrespective of the size of the employing office. In the case of a set-tlement for a claim described in section 416(d)(3), subparagraph (A) shall apply only if the conditions specified in section 416(d)(3) for requesting reimbursement are met. ‘‘(C) V
IOLATIONS DESCRIBED .—A violation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) harassment that is unlawful under sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a); or ‘‘(ii) intimidation, reprisal, or discrimina-tion that is unlawful under section 207 and is taken against a covered employee because of a claim alleging a violation described in clause (i). ‘‘(D) M
ULTIPLE CLAIMS .—If an award or set-tlement is made for multiple claims, some of which do not require reimbursement under this subsection, the individual described in subparagraph (A) shall only be required to reimburse for the amount (referred to in this Act as the ‘reimbursable portion’) that is— ‘‘(i) described in subparagraph (A), subject to subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) included in the portion of the award or settlement attributable to a claim requir-ing reimbursement. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING AMOUNTS FROM COM -
PENSATION .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF TIMETABLE AND  
PROCEDURES BY COMMITTEES .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (B), the appli-cable Committee shall establish a timetable and procedures for the withholding of amounts from the compensation of an indi-vidual who is a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives or a Senator. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The payroll administrator shall withhold from an individual’s com-pensation and transfer to the account de-scribed in subsection (a) (after making any deposit required under section 8432(f) of title 5, United States Code) such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account de-scribed in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) if the individual has not re-imbursed the account as required under paragraph (1) prior to the expiration of the 90-day period which begins on the date a pay-ment is made from the account for such an award or settlement. ‘‘(C) APPLICABLE COMMITTEE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘applicable Com-mittee’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Member of the House; or ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate, in the case of an indi-vidual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Senator. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF AMOUNTS IN THRIFT SAVINGS  
FUND AS SOURCE OF REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, by the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has not reimbursed the ac-count for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), withholding and transfers of amounts shall continue under paragraph (2) if the individual remains employed in the same position, and the Exec-utive Director of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board shall make a trans-fer described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) T
RANSFERS .—The transfer by such Ex-ecutive Director is a transfer, from the ac-count of the individual in the Thrift Savings Fund to the account described in subsection (a), of an amount equal to the amount of that reimbursable portion of the award or settlement, reduced by— ‘‘(i) any amount the individual has reim-bursed, taking into account any amounts withheld under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) if the individual remains employed in the same position, any amount that the indi-vidual is scheduled to reimburse, taking into account any amounts to be withheld under the individual’s timetable under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) I
NITIATION OF TRANSFER .—Notwith- standing section 8435 of title 5, United States Code, the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall make the transfer under subparagraph (A) upon receipt of a written request to the Executive Director from the Secretary of the Treasury, in the form and manner required by the Executive Director. ‘‘(D) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN PAYROLL AD -
MINISTRATOR AND THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— The payroll administrator and the Executive Director described in subparagraph (A) shall carry out this paragraph in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under this para-graph, in accordance with regulations pro-mulgated by the Board under section 303 and such Executive Director. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE WAGE GARNISHMENT OR  
OTHER COLLECTION OF WAGES FROM A SUBSE -
QUENT POSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO GARNISHMENT  
OR OTHER COLLECTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement described in paragraph (1), the individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7592 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(i) has not reimbursed the account for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1), through withholdings or transfers under paragraphs (2) and (3); ‘‘(ii) is not serving in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator; and ‘‘(iii) is employed in a subsequent non-Fed-eral position. ‘‘(B) G
ARNISHMENT OR OTHER COLLECTION OF  
WAGES .—On the expiration of that 270-day pe-riod, the amount of the reimbursable portion of an award or settlement described in para-graph (1) (reduced by any amount the indi-vidual has reimbursed, taking into account any amounts withheld or transferred under paragraph (2) or (3)) shall be treated as a claim of the United States and transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for collection. Upon that transfer, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collect the claim, in accord-ance with section 3711 of title 31, United States Code, including by administrative wage garnishment of the wages of the indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) from the position described in subparagraph (A)(iii). The Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the collected amount to the account described in subsection (a). ‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION TO OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT AND SECRETARY OF THE TREAS -
URY.— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO ANNUITY OR SO -
CIAL SECURITY WITHHOLDING .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual subject to a reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, at any time after the expiration of the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the individual— ‘‘(i) has not served in a position as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or a Sen-ator during the preceding 90 days; and ‘‘(ii) is not employed in a subsequent non- Federal position. ‘‘(B) A
NNUITY OR SOCIAL SECURITY WITH -
HOLDING .—If, at any time after the 270-day period described in paragraph (4)(A), the in-dividual described in subparagraph (A) has not reimbursed the account described in sub-section (a) for the entire reimbursable por-tion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) (as determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury), through withholdings, transfers, or collections under paragraphs (2) through (4), the Secretary of the Treasury (after consultation with the payroll administrator)— ‘‘(i) shall notify the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, who shall take such actions as the Director considers appro-priate to withhold from any annuity payable to the individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the remainder of the reimbursable portion of an award or settle-ment described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) shall (if necessary), notwithstanding section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407), take such actions as the Sec-retary of the Treasury considers appropriate to withhold from any payment to the indi-vidual under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reimburse the account for the remainder of the reim-bursable portion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN OPM AND  
TREASURY .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out paragraph (5) in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under such paragraph, in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Director and the Secretary. ‘‘(7) CERTIFICATION .—Once the Executive Director determines that an individual who is subject to a reimbursement requirement of this subsection has reimbursed the account described in subsection (a) for the entire re-imbursable portion, the Executive Director shall prepare a certification that the indi-vidual has completed that reimbursement, and submit the certification to— ‘‘(A) the Committees on House Administra-tion and Ethics of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress); and ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of an individual who, at the time of committing the act involved, was a Senator. ‘‘(8) R
IGHT TO INTERVENE .—An individual who is subject to a reimbursement require-ment of this subsection shall have the un-conditional right to intervene in any medi-ation, hearing, or civil action under this title to protect the interests of the indi-vidual in the determination of whether an award or settlement described in paragraph (1) should be made, and the amount of any such award or settlement, except that noth-ing in this paragraph may be construed to require the covered employee who filed the claim to be deposed by counsel for the indi-vidual in a deposition that is separate from any other deposition taken from the em-ployee in connection with the hearing or civil action. ‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL POSITION .—The term ‘non-Federal position’ means a position other than the position of an employee, as defined in section 2105(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) P
AYROLL ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘payroll administrator’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of an individual who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Of-ficer to carry out this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is a Senator, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Sec-retary to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8437(e)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘an obligation of the Executive Director to make a transfer under section 415(d)(3) of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(d)(3)),’’ before ‘‘or an obligation’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to claims made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. AUTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES-SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN CLAIMS ALLEGING VIOLATIONS OF CON-GRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND SENIOR STAFF. 
Section 416(e) (2 U.S.C. 1416(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEE OF DISPOSITIONS OF  C
LAIMS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
ANDSENIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(1) R
EFERRAL .—Upon the final disposition under this title (as described in paragraph (6)) of a claim alleging a violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or by a senior staff of the House of Representatives or Senate, the Executive Director shall refer the claim to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a Member or senior staff of the House; or ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of a Senator or senior staff of the Senate. ‘‘(2) ACCESS TO RECORDS AND INFORMA -
TION.—If the Executive Director refers a claim to a Committee under paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall provide the Committee with access to the records of any preliminary reviews, hearings, or decisions of the hearing officers and the Board under this Act, and any information relating to an award or settlement paid, in response to such claim. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW BY SENATE ETHICS COMMITTEE  
OF SETTLEMENTS OF CERTAIN CLAIMS .—After the receipt of a settlement agreement for a claim that includes an allegation of a viola-tion described in section 415(d)(1)(C) com-mitted personally by a Senator, the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 90 days after that re-ceipt, review the settlement agreement; ‘‘(B) determine whether an investigation of the claim is warranted; and ‘‘(C) if the Select Committee determines, after the investigation, that the claim that resulted in the settlement involved an actual violation described in section 415(d)(1)(C) committed personally by the Senator, then the Select Committee shall notify the Exec-utive Director to request the reimbursement described in section 415(d) and include the settlement in the report required by section 301(l). ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report with respect to the claim, the Com-mittee shall ensure that the report does not directly disclose the identity or position of the individual who filed the claim. ‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO PROTECT  
IDENTITY OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report as described in paragraph (4) con-cerning a Member of the House of Represent-atives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or a senior staff of the House of Representa-tives or Senate, the Committee may make an appropriate redaction to the information or data included in the report if the Chair-man and Vice Chairman of the Committee reach agreement— ‘‘(i) that including the information or data considered for redaction may lead to the un-intentional disclosure of the identity or posi-tion of a claimant; and ‘‘(ii) on the precise information or data to be redacted. ‘‘(B) N
OTATION AND STATEMENT .—The re- port including any such redaction shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the pur-pose of avoiding such an unintentional dis-closure of the identity or position of a claim-ant. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF REPORTS .—The Com-mittee making a redaction in accordance with this paragraph shall retain a copy of the report, without a redaction. ‘‘(6) F
INAL DISPOSITION DESCRIBED .—In this subsection, the ‘final disposition’ of a claim means any of the following: ‘‘(A) An order or agreement to pay an award or settlement, including an agreement reached pursuant to mediation under section 404. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7593 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) A final decision of a hearing officer under section 405(g) that is no longer subject to review by the Board under section 406. ‘‘(C) A final decision of the Board under section 406(e) that is no longer subject to ap-peal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit under section 407. ‘‘(D) A final decision in a civil action under section 408 that is no longer subject to ap-peal. ‘‘(7) S
ENIOR STAFF DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘senior staff’ means any in-dividual who, at the time a violation oc-curred, was required to file a report under title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 113. AVAILABILITY OF REMOTE WORK AS-SIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 417. OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT .—At the re-quest of a covered employee who files a claim alleging a violation of part A of title II by the covered employee’s employing of-fice, during the pendency of any of the proce-dures available under this title for consider-ation of the claim, the employing office may permit the covered employee to carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a re-mote location (referred to in this section as ‘permitting a remote work assignment’) where such relocation would have the effect of materially reducing interactions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation, instead of from a location of the employing office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR WORK ASSIGNMENTS RE -
QUIRED TO BE CARRIED OUT ONSITE .—If, in the determination of the covered employee’s em-ploying office, a covered employee who makes a request under this subsection can-not carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a remote location or such relocation would not have the effect described in para-graph (1), the employing office may during the pendency of the procedures described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; ‘‘(B) permit a remote work assignment and grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; or ‘‘(C) make another workplace adjustment, or permit a remote work assignment, that would have the effect of reducing inter-actions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
NSURING NO RETALIATION .—An em- ploying office may not grant a covered em-ployee’s request under this subsection in a manner which would constitute a violation of section 207. ‘‘(4) N
O IMPACT ON VACATION OR PERSONAL  
LEAVE .—In granting leave for a paid leave of absence under this section, an employing of-fice shall not require the covered employee to substitute, for that leave, any of the ac-crued paid vacation or personal leave of the covered employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ARRANGEMENTS SUB-
JECT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that it is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of any collective bargaining agreement which is in effect with respect to an employing office.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title IV the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 417. Option to request remote work as-signment or paid leave of ab-sence during pendency of proce-dures.’’. SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF RULES ON CON-FIDENTIALITY OF PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) M EDIATION .—Section 416(b) (2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All medi-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘All information dis-cussed or disclosed in the course of any me-diation’’. (b) C
LAIMS .—Section 416 (2 U.S.C. 1416), as amended by section 112 and subsection (a) of this section, is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (a) through (e), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a covered employee from disclosing the factual allegations un-derlying the covered employee’s claim, or to prohibit an employing office from disclosing the factual allegations underlying the em-ploying office’s defense to the claim, in the course of any proceeding under this title.’’. 
SEC. 115. REIMBURSEMENT BY OTHER EMPLOY-ING OFFICES OF LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRING REIMBURSEMENT .—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415), as amended by section 111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY EMPLOYING OF-
FICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF PAYMENTS MADE FROM  
ACCOUNT .—As soon as practicable after the Executive Director is made aware that a payment of an award or settlement under this Act has been made from the account de-scribed in subsection (a) in connection with a claim alleging a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) by an employing office (other than an employing office of the House of Rep-resentatives or an employing office of the Senate), the Executive Director shall notify the head of the employing office that the payment has been made, and shall include in the notification a statement of the amount of the payment. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY OFFICE .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a notification from the Executive Director under paragraph (1), the head of the employing office involved shall transfer to the account described in subsection (a), out of any funds available for operating expenses of the office, a payment equal to the amount specified in the notifi-cation. ‘‘(3) T
IMETABLE AND PROCEDURES FOR REIM -
BURSEMENT .—The head of an employing of-fice shall transfer a payment under para-graph (2) in accordance with such timetable and procedures as may be established under regulations promulgated by the Office.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to payments made under section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415) for claims filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS 
SEC. 201. REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SETTLE-MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIRING SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
OF REPORTS .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(3), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘claim’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) ANNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the rules issued by the applicable committee pursuant to paragraph (2): ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Office shall pre-pare and submit to Congress, and publish on the public website of the Office, an annual report regarding payments from the account described in section 415(a) that were the re-sult of claims alleging a violation of part A of title II (referred to in this subsection as ‘covered payments’). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—The reporting required under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) for a covered payment, or the reim-bursable portion of a covered payment, de-scribed in paragraph (2), conform to the re-quirements of the rules issued by the appli-cable committee under such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) for a covered payment, or the portion of a covered payment, not described in para-graph (2)— ‘‘(I) include the amount of the covered pay-ment or portion of the covered payment and information on the employing office in-volved; and ‘‘(II) identify each provision of part A of title II that was the subject of a claim re-sulting in the covered payment or portion of the covered payment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING PERIODS AND DATES .—The reporting required under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) for 2019, shall be submitted by the 60th day after the date on which the committees described in paragraph (2) issue the rules de-scribed in paragraph (2) and shall reflect cov-ered payments made in calendar year 2019; and ‘‘(ii) for 2020 and each subsequent calendar year, shall be submitted by January 31 of that year and shall reflect covered payments made in the previous calendar year. ‘‘(2) R
ULES REGARDING REPORTING OF COV -
ERED PAYMENTS FOR EMPLOYING OFFICES OF  
THE HOUSE AND EMPLOYING OFFICES OF THE  
SENATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall each issue rules estab-lishing the content, format, and other re-quirements for the reporting required under paragraph (1)(B)(i) with respect to— ‘‘(i) any covered payment made for claims involving an employing office described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sec-tion 101(a)(9) of the House of Representatives or of the Senate, respectively; and ‘‘(ii) the reimbursable portion of any such covered payment for which there is a finding requiring reimbursement under section 415(d)(1)(B) from a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, respectively. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The rules issued under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) by the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) of the House; and ‘‘(ii) by the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate shall apply to covered payments made for claims involving employing offices described in subparagraph (A)(i) of the Senate. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF IDENTITY OF INDIVID -
UALS RECEIVING AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS .— In preparing, submitting, and publishing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7594 December 13, 2018 
reports required under paragraph (1), the Of-fice shall ensure that the identity or position of any claimant is not disclosed. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT THE IDENTITY  
OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (3), the Executive Director, in con-sultation with the Board, may make an ap-propriate redaction to the data included in the report described in paragraph (1) if the Executive Director, in consultation with the Board, determines that including the data considered for redaction may lead to the identity or position of a claimant uninten-tionally being disclosed. The report shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the purpose of avoiding such an unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Executive Di-rector shall retain a copy of the report de-scribed in paragraph (1), without redactions. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘claimant’ means an individual who re-ceived an award or settlement, or who made an allegation of a violation against an em-ploying office, under part A of title II.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1)(B) shall take effect on January 1, 2019. (b) R
EPORT ON AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY  P
AID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on the Office’s public website a report on all payments made with public funds (to include funds paid from the ac-count described in section 415(a) of the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415(a)), an account of the House of Representatives or Senate, or any other ac-count of the Federal Government) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act for awards and settlements in connection with violations of section 201(a) of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)), or section 207 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1317), and shall include in the report the fol-lowing information: (A) The amount paid for each such award or settlement. (B) The source of the public funds used for the award or settlement. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IDEN -
TIFICATION OF HOUSE AND SENATE ACCOUNTS .— Nothing in paragraph (1)(B) may be con-strued to require or permit the Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights to report the account of any specific office of the House of Representatives or Senate as the source of funds used for an award or settlement. (c) R
ULEMAKING POWERS .—Section 501 (2 U.S.C. 1431) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, section 301(l),’’ before ‘‘and 304(c)’’. 
SEC. 202. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EM-PLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING SURVEYS .—Title III (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 307. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO CONDUCT SECURE SUR-
VEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Office shall conduct a secure survey of employing offices under this Act regarding the workplace environment of such offices. Employee responses to the sur-vey shall be voluntary. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON  S
EXUAL HARASSMENT .—In each survey con-ducted under this section, the Office shall survey respondents on attitudes regarding sexual harassment. ‘‘(c) METHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall conduct each survey under this section in accordance with methodologies established by the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Under the meth-odologies established under paragraph (1), all responses to all portions of the survey shall be anonymous and confidential, and each re-spondent shall be told throughout the survey that all responses shall be anonymous and confidential. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY FORM .—The Office shall limit the use of any information code or informa-tion on the survey form that makes a re-spondent to the survey, or the respondent’s employing office, individually identifiable. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF RESULTS OF SURVEYS .—The Of- fice shall furnish the information obtained from the surveys conducted under this sec-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOMMITTEES .—The Office shall carry out this section, including establishment of methodologies and proce-dures under subsection (c), in consultation with the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and Rules and Administra-tion of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 307. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices.’’. 
SEC. 203. RECORD RETENTION. 
Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by section 201(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) R
ECORD RETENTION .—The Office shall establish and maintain a program for the permanent retention of its records, including the records of preliminary reviews, medi-ations, hearings, and other proceedings con-ducted under title IV.’’. 
SEC. 204. CONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS. 
Section 302 (2 U.S.C. 1382) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL ADVISORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Executive Director shall— ‘‘(A) appoint, and fix the compensation of, and may remove, 1 or more confidential ad-visors to carry out the duties described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) designate 1 or more employees of the Office to serve as a confidential advisor. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under para-graph (1) shall offer to provide to covered employees described in paragraph (4) the services described in subparagraph (B), which a covered employee may accept or de-cline. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES .—The services referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the employ-ee’s rights under this Act; ‘‘(ii) consulting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, with a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding— ‘‘(I) the roles, responsibilities, and author-ity of the Office; and ‘‘(II) the relative merits of securing private counsel, designating a non-attorney rep-resentative, or proceeding without represen-tation for proceedings before the Office; ‘‘(iii) advising and consulting with, on a privileged and confidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a violation of part A of title II regarding any claims the covered employee may have under title IV, the factual allega-tions that support each such claim, and the relative merits of the procedural options available to the employee for each such claim; ‘‘(iv) assisting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who seeks consideration under title IV of an alle-gation of a violation of part A of title II in understanding the procedures, and the sig-nificance of the procedures, described in title IV, including— ‘‘(I) assisting or consulting with the cov-ered employee regarding the drafting of a claim to be filed under section 402(a); and ‘‘(II) consulting with the covered employee regarding the procedural options available to the covered employee after a claim is filed, and the relative merits of each option; and ‘‘(v) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has been subject to a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II about the option of pursuing, in appropriate circumstances, a complaint with the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate. ‘‘(C) CONTINUITY OF SERVICE .—Once a cov-ered employee has accepted and received any services offered under this section from a confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1), any other services re-quested under this subsection by the covered employee shall be provided, to the extent practicable, by the same confidential advi-sor. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A confidential advi-sor appointed or designated under paragraph (1) shall be a lawyer who— ‘‘(A) is admitted to practice before, and is in good standing with, the bar of a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or a territory of the United States; and ‘‘(B) has experience representing clients in cases involving the workplace laws incor-porated by part A of title II. ‘‘(4) I
NDIVIDUALS COVERED .—The services described in paragraph (2) are available to any covered employee (which, for purposes of this subsection, shall include any staff mem-ber described in section 201(d) and any former covered employee (including any such former staff member)), except that— ‘‘(A) a former covered employee may only request such services if the practice that may be a violation of part A of title II oc-curred during the employment or service of the employee; and ‘‘(B) a covered employee described in this paragraph may only request such services before the expiration of the 180-day period described in section 402(d). ‘‘(5) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A confidential advisor appointed or designated under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall not act as the designated rep-resentative for any covered employee in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding, including any pro-ceeding under this Act, any judicial pro-ceeding, or any proceeding before any com-mittee of Congress; ‘‘(B) shall not offer or provide services de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) to a covered em-ployee if the covered employee has des-ignated an attorney representative in con-nection with the covered employee’s partici-pation in any proceeding under this Act, ex-cept that a confidential advisor may provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7595 December 13, 2018 
general assistance and information to such attorney representative regarding this Act and the role of the Office as the confidential advisor determines appropriate; and ‘‘(C) shall not serve as a mediator in any mediation conducted pursuant to section 404.’’. 
SEC. 205. GAO STUDY OF MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a), and shall include in the report such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improve-ments to the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
SEC. 206. GAO AUDIT OF CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the audit conducted under subsection (a), and shall include in the report such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS 
SEC. 301. APPLICATION OF GENETIC INFORMA-TION NONDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2008. 
Section 102 (2 U.S.C. 1302) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) G
ENETIC INFORMATION NONDISCRIMINA -
TION ACT OF 2008.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of section 201(a)(1) shall be considered to apply to a vio-lation of title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), consistent with section 207(c) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2000ff–6(c)). ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) N
O LIMITATION ON OTHER LAWS .—Noth- ing in this section limits the provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of a law described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) O
THER LAWS .—A law described in this subparagraph is a law (even if not listed in subsection (a) or this subsection) that explic-itly applies one or more provisions of this Act to a violation.’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION TO UNPAID STAFF OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS AGAINST EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 201 (2 U.S.C. 1311) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION TO UNPAID STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to— ‘‘(A) any staff member of an employing of-fice who carries out official duties of the em-ploying office but who is not paid by the em-ploying office for carrying out such duties (referred to in this subsection as an ‘unpaid staff member’), including an intern, an indi-vidual detailed to an employing office, and an individual participating in a fellowship program, in the same manner and to the same extent as such subsections apply with respect to a covered employee; and ‘‘(B) a former unpaid staff member, if the act that may be a violation of subsection (a) occurred during the service of the former un-paid staffer for the employing office. ‘‘(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) may be construed to extend li-ability for a violation of subsection (a) to an employing office on the basis of an action taken by any person who is not under the su-pervision or control of the employing office. ‘‘(3) I
NTERN DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intern’ means an indi-vidual who performs service for an employ-ing office which is uncompensated by the United States to earn credit awarded by an educational institution or to learn a trade or occupation, and includes any individual par-ticipating in a page program operated by any House of Congress.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION RELATING TO OF-
FICE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISBURSEMENT OF PAY 
TOHOUSE EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(7) (2 U.S.C. 1301(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘dis-bursed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ and inserting ‘‘disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 303. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF LI-BRARY OF CONGRESS VISITORS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION .—Section 210 (2 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES RELATING TO  R
IGHTS TO PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS FOR LIBRARY VISITORS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LIBRARY VISITOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘Library visitor’ means an individual who is eligible to bring a claim for a violation under title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (other than a violation for which the exclu-sive remedy is under section 201) against the Library of Congress. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Library visitor who alleges a violation of subsection (b) by the Library of Congress may, subject to subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) file a charge against the Library of Congress under subsection (d); or ‘‘(ii) use the remedies and procedures set forth in section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16), as provided under section 510 (other than paragraph (5)) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12209). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A Library visitor that has initiated proceedings under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) may elect to change and initiate a proceeding under the other clause— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Library visitor who first filed a charge pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i), before the General Counsel files a complaint under subsection (d)(3); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a Library visitor who first initiated a proceeding under subpara-graph (A)(ii), before the Library visitor re-quests a hearing under the procedures of the Library of Congress described in such sub-paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 210(d)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1331(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 403’’ and inserting ‘‘section 404’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if such amendments were included in the enactment of section 153 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115-141), and shall apply as specified in section 153(c) of such Act. SEC. 304. NOTICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING EMPLOYING OFFICES TO POST N
OTICES .—Part E of title II (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 226. NOTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Every employing office shall post and keep posted (in conspicuous places upon its premises where notices to covered employees are customarily posted) a notice provided by the Office that— ‘‘(1) describes the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to covered employees of the employing office under this Act, con-cerning violations described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) includes contact information for the Office. ‘‘(b) V
IOLATIONS .—A violation described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) discrimination prohibited by section 201(a) (including, in accordance with section 102(c), discrimination prohibited by title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.)) or 206(a); and ‘‘(2) a violation of section 207 that is re-lated to discrimination described in para-graph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to part E of title II the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 226. Notices.’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-PLOYEES OF HELSINKI AND CHINA COMMISSIONS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301), as amended by section 302(b), is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as otherwise’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as other-wise’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
LARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-
PLOYEES OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OVERAGE .—With respect to the China Review Commission, the Congressional-Exec-utive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) any individual who is an employee of such Commission shall be considered a cov-ered employee for purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(B) the Commission shall be considered an employing office for purposes of this Act. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE LEGAL ASSIST -
ANCE AND REPRESENTATION .—Subject to para-graph (3), legal assistance and representation under this Act, including assistance and rep-resentation with respect to the proposal or acceptance of the disposition of a claim under this Act, shall be provided to the China Review Commission, the Congres-sional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(A) by the Office of House Employment Counsel of the House of Representatives, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Member of the House, and in the case of as-sistance and representation in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV re-lated to the initial claim where the subse-quent claim involves the same parties; or ‘‘(B) by the Office of Senate Chief Counsel for Employment of the Senate, in the case of assistance and representation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Senator, and in the case of assistance and representa-tion in connection with any subsequent claim under title IV related to the initial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7596 December 13, 2018 
claim where the subsequent claim involves the same parties. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘China Review Commission’ means the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission established under section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as enacted into law by section 1 of Public Law 106–398; ‘‘(B) the term ‘Congressional-Executive China Commission’ means the Congres-sional–Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China established under title III of the U.S.–China Relations Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–286; 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.); and ‘‘(C) the term ‘Helsinki Commission’ means the Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe established under the Act entitled ‘An Act to establish a Commis-sion on Security and Cooperation in Europe’, approved June 3, 1976 (Public Law 94–304; 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.).’’. (b) C
OVERAGE OF STENNIS CENTER .— (1) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYEES AS COVERED  
EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(a)(3) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (I); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CENTER AS EMPLOYING OF -
FICE.—Section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Office of Technology Assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Office of Tech-nology Assessment, and the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and De-velopment’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 101(a) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)) are each amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (C) through (I)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (C) through (K)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF OTHER EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND IM-
PLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 509 as section 510; and (2) by inserting after section 508 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 509. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TO DEVELOP AND  I
MPLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Each employing of-fice shall develop and implement a program to train and educate covered employees of the office in the rights and protections pro-vided under this Act, including the proce-dures available under title IV to consider al-leged violations of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each Congress (begin-ning with the One Hundred Seventeenth Con-gress), each employing office shall submit a report to the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate on the implementation of the program required under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, each employing of-fice shall submit the report described in paragraph (1) to the Committees described in such paragraph. ‘‘(c) EXCEPTION FOR OFFICES OF CON-
GRESS .—This section does not apply to an employing office of the House of Representa-tives or an employing office of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 509 as relating to section 510; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 508 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 509. Training and education programs of employing offices.’’. 
SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 306(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating section 510 as section 511; and (2) by inserting after section 509, as in-serted by section 306(a), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 510. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All covered employees whose location of employment is outside of the Washington, DC area (referred to in this section as ‘out-of-area covered employees’) shall have equitable access to the resources and services provided by the Office and under this Act as is provided to covered employees who work in the Washington, DC area. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE  R
IGHTS .—The Office shall— ‘‘(1) establish a method by which out-of- area covered employees may communicate securely with the Office, which shall include an option for real-time audiovisual commu-nication; and ‘‘(2) provide guidance to employing offices regarding how each office can facilitate equi-table access to the resources and services provided under this Act for its out-of-area covered employees, including information re-garding the communication methods de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYING OFFICES .—It is the sense of Congress that each employing office with out-of-area covered employees should use its best efforts to facilitate equitable access to the resources and services provided under this Act for those employees.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents, as amended by section 306(b), is amended— (1) by redesignating the item relating to section 510 as relating to section 511; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 509, as inserted by section 306(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 510. Support for out-of-area covered employees.’’. 
SEC. 308. RENAMING OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE AS OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS. 
(a) R ENAMING .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OF-
FICE OF COMPLIANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE  
OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended by section 305(a), is further amend-ed as follows: (1) In section 101(a)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (2) In section 101(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (3) In section 101(a)(3)(H) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(3)(H)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (4) In section 101(a)(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(9)(D)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (5) In section 101(a)(10) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (6) In section 101(a)(11) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(11)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (7) In section 101(a)(12) (2 U.S.C. 1301(a)(12)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (8) In section 210(a)(9) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)(9)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (9) In section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (10) In section 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (11) In the title heading of title III, by striking ‘‘OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’. (12) In section 304(c)(4) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(4)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (13) In section 304(c)(5) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(5)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to the heading of title III to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE III—OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’; 
AND (2) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 301 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 301. Establishment of Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE; REFERENCES IN OTHER  L
AWS, R ULES , AND REGULATIONS .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any reference to the Office of Compli-ance in any law, rule, regulation, or other of-ficial paper in effect as of such date shall be considered to refer and apply to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 401. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
OEFFECT ON PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect any proceeding or payment of an award or settle-ment relating to a claim under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) which is pending as of the date after that 180-day period. If, as of that date, an employee has begun any of the proceedings under that title that were avail-able to the employee prior to that date, the employee may complete, or initiate and complete, all such proceedings, and such pro-ceedings shall remain in effect with respect to, and provide the exclusive proceedings for, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7597 December 13, 2018 
the claim involved until the completion of all such proceedings. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. R EED): S.J. Res. 69. A joint resolution sup-porting a Diplomatic Solution in Yemen and Condemning the Murder of Jamal Khashoggi; considered and passed. 
S.J. R ES. 69 Whereas the ongoing civil war in Yemen has exacerbated that country’s humani-tarian crisis, in which nearly 12,000,000 peo-ple are suffering from ‘‘severe hunger,’’ ac-cording to the United Nations’ World Food Programme; Whereas there is no military solution to the conflict; Whereas the United States-Saudi Arabia relationship is important to United States national security and economic interests; Whereas the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has, in recent years, engaged in concerning behavior, including its conduct in the civil war in Yemen, apparent deten-tion of the Prime Minister of Lebanon, un-dermining the unity of the Gulf Cooperation Council, expulsion of the Canadian ambas-sador, suppression of dissent within the Kingdom, and the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; Whereas misleading statements by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia regarding the murder of Jamal Khashoggi have undermined trust and confidence in the longstanding friendship between the United States and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; and Whereas such erratic actions place unnec-essary strain on the United States-Saudi Arabia relationship, which is an essential element of regional stability: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Senate— (1) believes Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; (2) acknowledges the United States Gov-ernment has sanctioned 17 Saudi individuals under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) for their roles in the murder; (3) calls for the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to ensure appropriate accountability for all those responsible for Jamal Khashoggi’s murder; (4) calls on the Government of Saudi Ara-bia to release Raif Badawi, Samar Badawi, and the Saudi women’s rights activists who were arrested as political prisoners in 2018; (5) encourages the Government of Saudi Arabia to redouble its efforts to enact eco-nomic and social reforms; (6) calls on the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to respect the rights of its citizens and moderate its increasingly er-ratic foreign policy; (7) warns that the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia’s increasing purchases of military equipment from, and cooperation with, the Russian Federation and the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, challenges the strength and integrity of the long-standing military-to-military relationship between the United States and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and may introduce significant na-tional security and economic risks to both parties; (8) demands that all parties seek an imme-diate cease-fire and negotiated political solu-tion to the Yemen conflict and increased hu-manitarian assistance to the victims of the conflict; (9) condemns the Government of Iran’s pro-vision of advanced lethal weapons to Houthi rebels, which have perpetuated the conflict and have been used indiscriminately against civilian targets in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the Bab al Mandeb wa-terway; (10) condemns Houthi rebels for egregious human rights abuses, including torture, use of human shields, and interference with, and diversion of, humanitarian aid shipments; (11) demands that the Saudi-led coalition and all parties to the Yemen conflict seek to minimize civilian casualties at all times; (12) supports the peace negotiations cur-rently being managed by United Nations Special Envoy Martin Griffiths and encour-ages the United States Government to pro-vide all possible support to these diplomatic efforts; (13) declares that there is no statutory au-thorization for United States involvement in hostilities in the Yemen civil war; and (14) supports the end of air-to-air refueling of Saudi-led coalition aircraft operating in Yemen. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 724—AMEND-ING RULE XXXI OF THE STAND-ING RULES OF THE SENATE TO LIMIT THE TIME DURING WHICH A NOMINATION SHALL BE CON-FIRMED OR REJECTED, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 724 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. PROCEEDINGS ON NOMINATIONS. 
Rule XXXI of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘A cov-ered nominee shall submit the basic require-ments to the appropriate committee within 30 legislative days of the covered nomination being transmitted to the Senate. The appro-priate committee shall vote on the covered nomination within 30 legislative days of re-ceipt of the basic requirements. By agree-ment of the chairman and ranking minority member, the committee may extend or sus-pend the deadline on the committee to vote. If the committee does not hold a vote, the nominee is deemed reported to the full Sen-ate. For a covered nomination for a position described in section 5312 of title 5, United States Code, the Senate shall vote on the covered nomination within 40 legislative days of the committee reporting the covered nomination. For a covered nomination other than for a position described in section 5312 of title 5, United States Code, if not fewer than 10 Senators, within 30 legislative days of the committee reporting on the covered nomination, have submitted written requests for the record that the covered nomination be considered by the full Senate in executive session within 40 days of the committee re-porting the covered nomination, the Senate shall vote on the covered nomination. If the covered nomination is not confirmed or re-jected within 40 days of the committee re-porting the covered nomination, the nomina-tion shall be deemed to be confirmed. Debate on any covered nomination other than for a position described in section 5312 of title 5, United States Code, debate shall be limited to not more than 2 hours.’’ after ‘‘consent.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘8. (a) In paragraph (1)— ‘‘(1) the term ‘basic requirements’ means— ‘‘(A) an agreement with the Office of Gov-ernment Ethics; ‘‘(B) a financial disclosure form; ‘‘(C) a background check conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(D) responses to a questionnaire of each relevant committee; ‘‘(E) tax forms, if required by a relevant committee; and ‘‘(F) any other requirements of a relevant committee; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘covered nomination’ means a nomination of an individual to a position in an executive agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code.’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 725—MODI-FYING EXTENDED DEBATE IN THE SENATE TO IMPROVE THE LEGISLATIVE PROCESS Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 725 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. EXTENDED DEBATE. 
Paragraph 2 of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by striking the second undesignated paragraph and in-serting the following: ‘‘‘Is it the sense of the Senate that the de-bate shall be brought to a close?’ And unless that question shall be decided in the nega-tive by one more than two-fifths of the Sen-ators duly chosen and sworn (except on a measure or motion to amend the Senate rules, in which case the necessary vote shall be two-thirds of the Senators present and voting in the affirmative, a quorum being present), then cloture has been invoked. ‘‘If that question is on disposition of a bill or joint resolution, a resolution or concur-rent resolution, a substitute amendment for a bill or resolution, a motion with respect to amendments between the Houses, a con-ference report, or advice and consent to a nomination or treaty, and if such question shall be decided in the affirmative by a ma-jority of Senators voting, a quorum being present, and in the negative by more than two-fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn (or in the affirmative by less than two-thirds of the Senators voting, a quorum being present, in the case of a measure or motion to amend the Senate rules), then it shall be in order for the Majority Leader (or his or her designee) to initiate a period of ex-tended debate upon the measure, motion, or other matter pending before the Senate, or the unfinished business, in relation to which the motion to close debate was offered, in which case the period of extended debate shall begin one hour later. ‘‘During a period of extended debate, such measure, motion, or other matter pending before the Senate, or the unfinished busi-ness, shall be the unfinished business to the exclusion of all other business, except on ac-tion or motion by the Majority Leader (or his or her designee). ‘‘During a period of extended debate it shall not be in order for a Senator other than the Majority Leader (or his or her designee) to raise a question as to the presence of a quorum, except immediately prior to a vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.068 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7598 December 13, 2018 
or when it has been more than forty-eight hours since a quorum was demonstrated. If upon a roll call it shall be ascertained that a quorum is not present, then the Senate shall adjourn to a time previously decided by order of the Senate or, if no such time has been established, then to a time certain de-termined by the Majority Leader, after con-sultation with the Minority Leader. ‘‘During a period of extended debate a mo-tion to adjourn or recess shall not be in order, unless made by the Majority Leader (or his or her designee) or if the absence of a quorum has been demonstrated. Notwith-standing paragraph 1 of rule XIX, there shall be no limit to the number of times a Senator may speak upon any question during a pe-riod of extended debate. ‘‘If, during the course of extended debate, the Presiding Officer puts any question to a vote, the Majority Leader (or his or her des-ignee) may postpone any such vote, which shall occur at a time determined by the Ma-jority Leader, after consultation with the Minority Leader, but not later than the time at which a quorum is next demonstrated. ‘‘If at any time during a period of extended debate no Senator seeks recognition, then the Presiding Officer shall inquire as to whether any Senator seeks recognition. If no Senator seeks recognition, then the Pre-siding Officer shall again put the question as to bringing debate to a close (and the Major-ity Leader or his or her designee may post-pone such vote in accordance with the pre-ceding paragraph), which shall be decided without further debate or intervening mo-tion. If that question shall be decided in the affirmative by a majority of Senators voting, a quorum being present, then cloture has been invoked and the period of extended de-bate has ended. If that question shall be de-cided in the negative by a majority of Sen-ators voting, a quorum being present, then the period of extended debate has ended. ‘‘If cloture is invoked, then the measure, motion, other matter pending before the Senate, or the unfinished business, in rela-tion to which the motion to close debate was offered, shall remain the unfinished business to the exclusion of all other business until disposed of.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 726—AMEND-ING RULE XXVIII OF THE STANDING RULES OF THE SEN-ATE TO PROVIDE FOR TIMELY ESTABLISHMENT OF CON-FERENCE COMMITTEES Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 726 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. MOTIONS TO GO TO CONFERENCE. 
Rule XXVIII of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by striking paragraph 2(b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) Consideration of a motion described in subparagraph (a), including consideration of any debatable motion or appeal in connec-tion therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 727—PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CHANGES TO RULES FOR THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: S. R ES. 727 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. CONSIDERATION OF CHANGES TO RULES FOR THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE. 
Rule V of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs 1 and 2 as paragraphs 5 and 6, respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph 5 (as re-designated) the following: ‘‘1.(a) At the beginning of a new Congress, the first matters considered by the Senate (other than a resolution described in sub-paragraph (b)) shall be a resolution appoint-ing majority and minority members of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate and a resolution amending or adopting rules for the proceedings of the Senate. No other matter shall be in order, except by unanimous consent, until the Sen-ate has agreed to a resolution amending or adopting rules for the proceedings of the Senate. ‘‘(b) A resolution described in this subpara-graph is a resolution— ‘‘(1) informing the President that a quorum of each House is assembled; ‘‘(2) informing the House of Representa-tives that a quorum of the Senate is assem-bled; ‘‘(3) electing the President pro tempore of the Senate and notifying the President and the House of Representatives of such elec-tion; ‘‘(4) fixing the hour of the daily meeting of the Senate; ‘‘(5) electing the Secretary of the Senate and notifying the President and the House of Representatives of such election; ‘‘(6) electing a Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper of the Senate and notifying the Presi-dent and the House of Representatives of such election; or ‘‘(7) electing Secretaries for the Majority and Minority of the Senate. ‘‘2. At the beginning of a new Congress, and until the Senate has agreed to a resolution adopting or amending rules for the pro-ceedings of the Senate, if the Committee on Rules and Administration reports to the full Senate a resolution amending or adopting rules for the proceedings of the Senate, the Senate shall immediately proceed to consid-eration of the resolution. ‘‘3. On and after the third day of session of the Senate, if the Committee on Rules has not reported to the full Senate a resolution amending or adopting rules for the pro-ceedings of the Senate, it shall be in order for any Senator to introduce and imme-diately move to proceed to consider a resolu-tion amending or adopting rules for the pro-ceedings of the Senate. Consideration of such a motion to proceed, including consideration of any motions or appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to 2 hours. ‘‘4. On and after the third day of session of the Senate during which a resolution amend-ing or adopting rules for the proceedings of the Senate is being considered, it shall be in order for any Senator to move to end debate on such resolution. Consideration of such motion, including consideration of any mo-tion or appeal in connection therewith, shall be limited to 2 hours. If such motion is de-cided in the affirmative, the Senate shall proceed immediately to vote on the resolu-tion adopting or amending rules for the pro-ceedings of the Senate, as amended if such resolution has been amended.’’; and (3) in paragraph 5 (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘No motion’’ and inserting ‘‘Other than at the beginning of a new Congress, no motion’’. SENATE RESOLUTION 728—AMEND-ING RULE XXII OF THE STAND-ING RULES OF THE SENATE TO LIMIT DEBATE ON MOTIONS TO PROCEED Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 728 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. LIMITING DEBATE ON MOTIONS TO PROCEED UNDER RULE XXII. 
Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by— (1) redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘2. Other than a motion made during the first 2 hours of a new legislative day, as de-scribed in paragraph 2 of rule VIII, consider-ation of a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of any debatable matter, including consideration of any debatable motion or ap-peal in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 2 hours, to be divided equally between the majority and the minor-ity. This paragraph shall not apply to mo-tions considered nondebatable by the Senate pursuant to rule or precedent.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 729—AMEND-ING RULE XV OF THE STANDING RULES OF THE SENATE TO PRO-VIDE FOR CONSIDERATION OF A MINIMUM NUMBER OF AMEND-MENTS Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 729 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GUARANTEED AMENDMENTS. 
Rule XV of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘6.(a) During the consideration of any bill, resolution, or other amendable matter, it shall be in order for the Senate to consider not less than 5 amendments offered by mem-bers of the majority and not less than 5 amendments offered by members of the mi-nority. If a motion to invoke cloture under the provisions of rule XXII is presented to the Senate, and fewer than the 5 amend-ments guaranteed to each of the minority and the majority under this paragraph have been considered, then, notwithstanding the status of any pending amendments, it shall be in order for as many members of the ma-jority as appropriate, and as many members of the minority as appropriate, to offer 1 amendment each, in alternating order, until in total 5 amendments offered by members of the majority and 5 amendments offered by members of the minority have been consid-ered. ‘‘(b) Amendments offered under this para-graph may only pertain to matter encom-passed by the title of the bill, resolution, or other matter, except that 1 amendment of-fered by a member of the majority and 1 amendment offered by a member of the mi-nority may be exempted from this require-ment. An amendment exempted from this re-quirement shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of three-fifths of Senators duly chosen and sworn. ‘‘(c) The majority leader and minority leader may, by mutual agreement, call up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.069 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7599 December 13, 2018 
additional amendments under the provisions of this paragraph. Such additional amend-ments shall be offered in equal number by members of the majority and members of the minority, and may only pertain to subject matter encompassed by the title of the bill, resolution, or other matter. ‘‘(d) Consideration by the Senate of an amendment offered under the provisions of this paragraph shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, divided equally between the majority and the minority.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 730—CON-DEMNING THE TRAGIC MASS SHOOTING IN THOUSAND OAKS, CALIFORNIA, SUPPORTING ALL OF THE PEOPLE IMPACTED BY THE HORRIFIC EVENT, AND THANKING LAW ENFORCEMENT, FIREFIGHTERS, AND EMER-GENCY MEDICAL TEAMS FOR THEIR COURAGEOUS EFFORTS TO RESPOND TO THE ATTACK AND SAVE LIVES Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 730 Whereas, on November 7, 2018, a mass shooting took place at the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, California, where residents and students were enjoying a night of country music and dancing; Whereas many individuals were wounded and 12 innocent people were tragically killed in the attack, including— (1) students; (2) a law enforcement officer; (3) veterans; and (4) a survivor of the mass shooting that took place at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, in October 2017 and at which 58 people were tragically killed; Whereas the people of California and the United States are thankful to law enforce-ment officials, firefighters, and emergency medical teams for their quick response to the shooting; Whereas the attack was committed by a gunman armed with smoke bombs and a Glock semiautomatic pistol equipped with a high-capacity ammunition magazine; Whereas the shooting in Thousand Oaks is the deadliest mass shooting in the State of California since the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino that took the lives of 14 people; Whereas Thousand Oaks is considered one of the safest cities in the United States by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, dem-onstrating that no community in the United States is safe from the threat of gun vio-lence; Whereas mass shootings are an increas-ingly pervasive danger in the United States and threaten schools, theaters, malls, of-fices, bars, concerts, and places of worship; and Whereas the people of Thousand Oaks have now joined the ever-growing list of commu-nities that have been forced to endure a mass shooting: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the deadly mass shooting at the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, California, that occurred on November 7, 2018, and tragically cut short the lives of 12 beautiful people; (2) expresses deepest condolences to the families of the victims and offers continued support to— (A) the people injured in the attack; and (B) the Thousand Oaks community as the community begins the long process of heal-ing and recovering from the tragedy; (3) honors the lives and memories of the victims lost in the tragedy; (4) honors the families of the victims that are now working to rebuild their lives; (5) recognizes the service of Ventura Coun-ty Sheriff Sergeant Ron Helus, who was killed in the attack when bravely rushing onto the scene to confront the shooter; (6) applauds the dedication of the law en-forcement officials, firefighters, and emer-gency medical teams who saved precious lives through service and care during and after the attack; and (7) reaffirms the continuing commitment of the Senate— (A) to protect the public safety of the peo-ple of the United States; and (B) to support the recovery of all of the people impacted by the horrific attack in Thousand Oaks, California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to introduce a Senate Resolution honoring the victims of the mass shooting in Thousand Oaks, California. On November 7, 2018, a shooter armed with a semiautomatic pistol and high- capacity ammunition magazine at-tacked the Borderline Bar and Grill. Borderline is known as a popular meet-ing place for residents and country music fans. That night was a ‘‘college night,’’ and students had gathered there for a night of music and dancing. What happened next was the dead-liest mass shooting in California since the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino. Twelve people lost their lives that night in Thousand Oaks. They included students, military vet-erans, and 27 year old Telemachus Orfanos, who was a survivor of the Oc-tober 2017 mass shooting in Las Vegas. Just think about that for a moment. A survivor of the deadliest mass shoot-ing in our Nation’s history lost his life in another mass shooting a year later. Ventura County Sheriff Sergeant Ron Helus also lost his life that night. He was one of the first law enforcement officers on the scene, and he gave his life confronting the assailant and pro-tecting his community. Thousand Oaks is one of the safest cities in America. If an attack like this can happen there, it can happen anywhere. This Resolution condemns the ter-rible violence experienced by the Thou-sand Oaks community and honors the memory of those who we have lost. This Resolution also recognizes the ef-forts of law enforcement, firefighters, and emergency medical teams, whose steadfast dedication and service to the victims and survivors in Thousand Oaks undoubtedly saved lives. Finally, this Resolution reaffirms our commitment to ensure that the victims’ families and those who were injured receive the assistance they need. Mr. President, our Nation suffers one mass shooting after another. We no longer have time to grieve before gun violence devastates another commu-nity. Thousand Oaks has now joined the ever growing list of communities across America that are mourning the loss of loved ones from this ongoing epidemic. I call upon all of my Repub-lican colleagues to work with us and do everything we can to prevent another attack. I also ask that each member of this chamber remember the victims, their families, the survivors, and the entire community of Thousand Oaks, and con-tinue to hold them in their hearts. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 731—DESIG-NATING DECEMBER 10, 2018, AS ‘‘HUMAN RIGHTS DAY’’ AND REC-OGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE UNIVERSAL DEC-LARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 731 Whereas the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted by the United Na-tions on December 10, 1948, represents the first comprehensive agreement among coun-tries as to the specific rights and freedoms of all human beings; Whereas the Universal Declaration of Human Rights upholds the basic principles of liberty and freedom enshrined in the Con-stitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights; Whereas the Declaration on the Right and Responsibility of Individuals, Groups and Or-gans of Society to Promote and Protect Uni-versally Recognized Human Rights and Fun-damental Freedoms (known as the ‘‘Declara-tion on Human Rights Defenders’’) was adopted by the United Nations General As-sembly on December 9, 1998; Whereas awareness of human rights— (1) is essential to the realization of funda-mental freedoms; (2) promotes equality; (3) contributes to preventing conflict and human rights violations; and (4) enhances participation in democratic processes; Whereas Congress has a proud history of promoting human rights that are inter-nationally recognized; and Whereas December 10 of each year is cele-brated around the world as ‘‘Human Rights Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates December 10, 2018, as ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; (2) recognizes— (A) the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; and (B) the 20th anniversary of the Declaration on the Right and Responsibility of Individ-uals, Groups and Organs of Society to Pro-mote and Protect Universally Recognized Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (known as the ‘‘Declaration on Human Rights Defenders’’); (3) reaffirms the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; (4) supports the right of human rights de-fenders all over the world to promote the fundamental freedoms enshrined in the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights; and (5) encourages the people of the United States— (A) to observe Human Rights Day; and (B) to continue a commitment to uphold-ing freedom, democracy, and human rights around the globe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.075 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7600 December 13, 2018 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4106. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4107. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4108. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 756, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes. SA 4109. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. K
EN-
NEDY (for himself and Mr. C OTTON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4108 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASSLEY ) to the bill S. 756, supra. SA 4110. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to In-dians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Okla-homa, and for other purposes. SA 4111. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3461, to amend the PROTECT Act to expand the na-tional AMBER Alert system to territories of the United States, and for other purposes. SA 4112. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2827, to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stew-art L. Udall Foundation Act. SA 4113. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. J
OHN-
SON(for himself and Mr. W YDEN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2322, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese. SA 4114. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6227, to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accel-erate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4106. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for deter-mining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimi-nation of human trafficking, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, line 12, strike ‘‘unreasonable’’. On page 28, strike lines 19 and 20 and insert the following: ‘‘(6) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION .—The term ‘credible information’ includes all of the fol-lowing: On page 30, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON PLACEMENT OR RE-CRUITMENT FEES. 
Section 106(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively, and moving such paragraphs 4 ems to the left; and (2) in paragraph (4), as redesignated— (A) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs 4 ems to the left; (B) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 4 ems to the left; and (C) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘unreasonable placement or re-cruitment fees’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘place-ment or recruitment fees.’’. On page 30, line 20, strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘
5’’. On page 31, line 1, strike ‘‘
5’’ and insert ‘‘
6’’. On page 33, line 8, strike ‘‘credible evi-dence’’ and insert ‘‘credible information’’. On page 35, line 24, strike ‘‘credible evi-dence’’ and insert ‘‘credible information’’. On page 37, line 1, strike ‘‘
6’’ and insert ‘‘
7’’. On page 38, line 5, strike ‘‘
7’’ and insert ‘‘
8’’. 
SA 4107. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 53, line 9, insert ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the Sec-retary of Labor,’’ after ‘‘Services’’. On page 57, line 16, insert ‘‘the Secretary of Labor’’ after ‘‘Administration,’’. Beginning on page 58, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 65, line 14. On page 71, strike lines 1 through 25. 
SA 4108. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 756, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to pro-mote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Step Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION Sec. 101. Risk and needs assessment system. Sec. 102. Implementation of system and rec-ommendations by Bureau of Prisons. Sec. 103. GAO report. Sec. 104. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 105. Rule of construction. Sec. 106. Faith-based considerations. Sec. 107. Independent Review Committee. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Secure firearms storage. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED Sec. 301. Use of restraints on prisoners dur-ing the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery prohib-ited. TITLE IV—SENTENCING REFORM Sec. 401. Reduce and restrict enhanced sen-tencing for prior drug felonies. Sec. 402. Broadening of existing safety valve. Sec. 403. Clarification of section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code. Sec. 404. Application of Fair Sentencing Act. TITLE V—SECOND CHANCE ACT OF 2007 REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 501. Short title. Sec. 502. Improvements to existing pro-grams. Sec. 503. Audit and accountability of grant-ees. Sec. 504. Federal reentry improvements. Sec. 505. Federal interagency reentry co-ordination. Sec. 506. Conference expenditures. Sec. 507. Evaluation of the Second Chance Act program. Sec. 508. GAO review. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE Sec. 601. Placement of prisoners close to families. Sec. 602. Home confinement for low-risk prisoners. Sec. 603. Federal prisoner reentry initiative reauthorization; modification of imposed term of imprison-ment. Sec. 604. Identification for returning citi-zens. Sec. 605. Expanding inmate employment through Federal Prison Indus-tries. Sec. 606. De-escalation training. Sec. 607. Evidence-Based treatment for opioid and heroin abuse. Sec. 608. Pilot programs. Sec. 609. Ensuring supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. Sec. 610. Data collection. Sec. 611. Healthcare products. Sec. 612. Adult and juvenile collaboration programs. Sec. 613. Juvenile solitary confinement. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION SEC. 101. RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter C the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER D—RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3631. Duties of the Attorney General. ‘‘3632. Development of risk and needs assess-ment system. ‘‘3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations. ‘‘3634. Report. ‘‘3635. Definitions. ‘‘§ 3631. Duties of the Attorney General ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall carry out this subchapter in consulta-tion with— ‘‘(1) the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts; ‘‘(3) the Director of the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services; ‘‘(4) the Director of the National Institute of Justice; ‘‘(5) the Director of the National Institute of Corrections; and ‘‘(6) the Independent Review Committee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018 ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the existing pris-oner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(2) develop recommendations regarding evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities in accord-ance with section 3633; ‘‘(3) conduct ongoing research and data analysis on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.079 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7601 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; ‘‘(B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; ‘‘(C) which evidence-based recidivism re-duction programs are the most effective at reducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most ef-fectively reduces the risk of recidivism; and ‘‘(D) products purchased by Federal agen-cies that are manufactured overseas and could be manufactured by prisoners partici-pating in a prison work program without re-ducing job opportunities for other workers in the United States; ‘‘(4) on an annual basis, review, validate, and release publicly on the Department of Justice website the risk and needs assess-ment system, which review shall include— ‘‘(A) any subsequent changes to the risk and needs assessment system made after the date of enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(B) the recommendations developed under paragraph (2), using the research conducted under paragraph (3); ‘‘(C) an evaluation to ensure that the risk and needs assessment system bases the as-sessment of each prisoner’s risk of recidi-vism on indicators of progress and of regres-sion that are dynamic and that can reason-ably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(D) statistical validation of any tools that the risk and needs assessment system uses; and ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the rates of recidi-vism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwarranted disparities, includ-ing disparities among similarly classified prisoners of different demographic groups, in such rates; ‘‘(5) make any revisions or updates to the risk and needs assessment system that the Attorney General determines appropriate pursuant to the review under paragraph (4), including updates to ensure that any dispari-ties identified in paragraph (4)(E) are re-duced to the greatest extent possible; and ‘‘(6) report to Congress in accordance with section 3634. ‘‘§ 3632. Development of risk and needs as-sessment system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 210 days after the date of enactment of this sub-chapter, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Independent Review Com-mittee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018, shall develop and release publicly on the Department of Justice website a risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subchapter as the ‘System’), which shall be used to— ‘‘(1) determine the recidivism risk of each prisoner as part of the intake process, and classify each prisoner as having minimum, low, medium, or high risk for recidivism; ‘‘(2) assess and determine, to the extent practicable, the risk of violent or serious misconduct of each prisoner; ‘‘(3) determine the type and amount of evi-dence-based recidivism reduction program-ming that is appropriate for each prisoner and assign each prisoner to such program-ming accordingly, and based on the pris-oner’s specific criminogenic needs, and in ac-cordance with subsection (b); ‘‘(4) reassess the recidivism risk of each prisoner periodically, based on factors in-cluding indicators of progress, and of regres-sion, that are dynamic and that can reason-ably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(5) reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities based on the revised determination to ensure that— ‘‘(A) all prisoners at each risk level have a meaningful opportunity to reduce their clas-sification during the period of incarceration; ‘‘(B) to address the specific criminogenic needs of the prisoner; and ‘‘(C) all prisoners are able to successfully participate in such programs; ‘‘(6) determine when to provide incentives and rewards for successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities in accordance with subsection (e); ‘‘(7) determine when a prisoner is ready to transfer into prerelease custody or super-vised release in accordance with section 3624; and ‘‘(8) determine the appropriate use of audio technology for program course materials with an understanding of dyslexia. In carrying out this subsection, the Attorney General may use existing risk and needs as-sessment tools, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) ASSIGNMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED RE-
CIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS .—The System shall provide guidance on the type, amount, and intensity of evidence-based recidivism reduction programming and productive ac-tivities that shall be assigned for each pris-oner, including— ‘‘(1) programs in which the Bureau of Pris-ons shall assign the prisoner to participate, according to the prisoner’s specific criminogenic needs; and ‘‘(2) information on the best ways that the Bureau of Prisons can tailor the programs to the specific criminogenic needs of each pris-oner so as to most effectively lower each prisoner’s risk of recidivism. ‘‘(c) H
OUSING AND ASSIGNMENT DECISIONS .— The System shall provide guidance on pro-gram grouping and housing assignment de-terminations and, after accounting for the safety of each prisoner and other individuals at the prison, provide that prisoners with a similar risk level be grouped together in housing and assignment decisions to the ex-tent practicable. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUC -
TION PROGRAM INCENTIVES AND PRODUCTIVE  A
CTIVITIES REWARDS .—The System shall pro-vide incentives and rewards for prisoners to participate in and complete evidence-based recidivism reduction programs as follows: ‘‘(1) P
HONE AND VISITATION PRIVILEGES .—A prisoner who is successfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-gram shall receive— ‘‘(A) phone privileges, or, if available, video conferencing privileges, for up to 30 minutes per day, and up to 510 minutes per month; and ‘‘(B) additional time for visitation at the prison, as determined by the warden of the prison. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER TO INSTITUTION CLOSER TO  
RELEASE RESIDENCE .—A prisoner who is suc-cessfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction program shall be con-sidered by the Bureau of Prisons for place-ment in a facility closer to the prisoner’s re-lease residence upon request from the pris-oner and subject to— ‘‘(A) bed availability at the transfer facil-ity; ‘‘(B) the prisoner’s security designation; and ‘‘(C) the recommendation from the warden of the prison at which the prisoner is incar-cerated at the time of making the request. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL POLICIES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop addi-tional policies to provide appropriate incen-tives for successful participation and com-pletion of evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming. The incentives shall in-clude not less than 2 of the following: ‘‘(A) Increased commissary spending limits and product offerings. ‘‘(B) Extended opportunities to access the email system. ‘‘(C) Consideration of transfer to preferred housing units (including transfer to different prison facilities). ‘‘(D) Other incentives solicited from pris-oners and determined appropriate by the Di-rector. ‘‘(4) TIME CREDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner, except for an ineligible prisoner under subparagraph (D), who successfully completes evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or pro-ductive activities, shall earn time credits as follows: ‘‘(i) A prisoner shall earn 10 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful par-ticipation in evidence-based recidivism re-duction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(ii) A prisoner determined by the Bureau of Prisons to be at a minimum or low risk for recidivating, who, over 2 consecutive as-sessments, has not increased their risk of re-cidivism, shall earn an additional 5 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY .—A prisoner may not earn time credits under this paragraph for an evidence-based recidivism reduction program that the prisoner successfully completed— ‘‘(i) prior to the date of enactment of this subchapter; or ‘‘(ii) during official detention prior to the date that the prisoner’s sentence commences under section 3585(a). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION OF TIME CREDITS TOWARD  
PRERELEASE CUSTODY OR SUPERVISED RE -
LEASE .—Time credits earned under this para-graph by prisoners who successfully partici-pate in recidivism reduction programs or productive activities shall be applied toward time in prerelease custody or supervised re-lease. The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall transfer eligible prisoners, as deter-mined under section 3624(g), into prerelease custody or supervised release. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE PRISONERS .—A prisoner is ineligible to receive time credits under this paragraph if the prisoner is serving a sen-tence for a conviction under any of the fol-lowing provisions of law: ‘‘(i) Section 81, relating to arson within special maritime and territorial jurisdiction. ‘‘(ii) Section 111(b), relating to assaulting, resisting, or impeding certain officers or em-ployees using a deadly or dangerous weapon or inflicting bodily injury. ‘‘(iii) Paragraph (1), (7), or (8) of section 113(a), relating to assault with intent to commit murder, assault resulting in sub-stantial bodily injury to a spouse or inti-mate partner, a dating partner, or an indi-vidual who has not attained the age of 16 years, or assault of a spouse, intimate part-ner, or dating partner by strangling, suffo-cating, or attempting to strangle or suf-focate. ‘‘(iv) Section 115, relating to influencing, impeding, or retaliating against a Federal official by injuring a family member, except for a threat made in violation of that sec-tion. ‘‘(v) Section 116, relating to female genital mutilation. ‘‘(vi) Section 117, relating to domestic as-sault by a habitual offender. ‘‘(vii) Any section of chapter 10, relating to biological weapons. ‘‘(viii) Any section of chapter 11B, relating to chemical weapons. ‘‘(ix) Section 351, relating to Congres-sional, Cabinet, and Supreme Court assas-sination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(x) Section 521, relating to criminal street gangs. ‘‘(xi) Section 751, relating to prisoners in custody of an institution or officer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7602 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(xii) Section 793, relating to gathering, transmitting, or losing defense information. ‘‘(xiii) Section 794, relating to gathering or delivering defense information to aid a for-eign government. ‘‘(xiv) Any section of chapter 39, relating to explosives and other dangerous articles, except for section 836 (relating to the trans-portation of fireworks into a State prohib-iting sale or use). ‘‘(xv) Section 842(p), relating to distribu-tion of information relating to explosives, destructive devices, and weapons of mass de-struction, but only if the conviction involved a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c)). ‘‘(xvi) Subsection (f)(3), (h), or (i) of section 844, relating to the use of fire or an explo-sive. ‘‘(xvii) Section 924(c), relating to unlawful possession or use of a firearm during and in relation to any crime of violence or drug trafficking crime. ‘‘(xviii) Section 1030(a)(1), relating to fraud and related activity in connection with com-puters. ‘‘(xix) Any section of chapter 51, relating to homicide, except for section 1112 (relating to manslaughter), 1113 (relating to attempt to commit murder or manslaughter, but only if the conviction was for an attempt to com-mit manslaughter), 1115 (relating to mis-conduct or neglect of ship officers), or 1122 (relating to protection against the human immunodeficiency virus). ‘‘(xx) Any section of chapter 55, relating to kidnapping. ‘‘(xxi) Any offense under chapter 77, relat-ing to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons, except for sections 1593 through 1596. ‘‘(xxii) Section 1751, relating to Presi-dential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(xxiii) Section 1791, relating to providing or possessing contraband in prison. ‘‘(xxiv) Section 1792, relating to mutiny and riots. ‘‘(xxv) Section 1841(a)(2)(C), relating to in-tentionally killing or attempting to kill an unborn child. ‘‘(xxvi) Section 1992, relating to terrorist attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and against mass transportation systems on land, on water, or through the air. ‘‘(xxvii) Section 2113(e), relating to bank robbery resulting in death. ‘‘(xxviii) Section 2118(c), relating to rob-beries and burglaries involving controlled substances resulting in assault, putting in jeopardy the life of any person by the use of a dangerous weapon or device, or death. ‘‘(xxix) Paragraph (2) or (3) of section 2119, relating to taking a motor vehicle (com-monly referred to as ‘carjacking’) that re-sults in serious bodily injury or death. ‘‘(xxx) Any section of chapter 105, relating to sabotage, except for section 2152. ‘‘(xxxi) Any section of chapter 109A, relat-ing to sexual abuse. ‘‘(xxxii) Section 2250, relating to failure to register as a sex offender. ‘‘(xxxiii) Section 2251, relating to the sex-ual exploitation of children. ‘‘(xxxiv) Section 2251A, relating to the sell-ing or buying of children. ‘‘(xxxv) Section 2252, relating to certain ac-tivities relating to material involving the sexual exploitation of minors. ‘‘(xxxvi) Section 2252A, relating to certain activities involving material constituting or containing child pornography. ‘‘(xxxvii) Section 2260, relating to the pro-duction of sexually explicit depictions of a minor for importation into the United States. ‘‘(xxxviii) Section 2283, relating to the transportation of explosive, biological, chemical, or radioactive or nuclear mate-rials. ‘‘(xxxix) Section 2284, relating to the trans-portation of terrorists. ‘‘(xl) Section 2291, relating to the destruc-tion of a vessel or maritime facility, but only if the conduct that led to the conviction involved a substantial risk of death or seri-ous bodily injury. ‘‘(xli) Any section of chapter 113B, relating to terrorism. ‘‘(xlii) Section 2340A, relating to torture. ‘‘(xliii) Section 2381, relating to treason. ‘‘(xliv) Section 2442, relating to the recruit-ment or use of child soldiers. ‘‘(xlv) An offense described in section 3559(c)(2)(F), for which the offender was sen-tenced to a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year, if the offender has a previous conviction, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year, for a Federal or State offense, by whatever designation and wherever committed, con-sisting of murder (as described in section 1111), voluntary manslaughter (as described in section 1112), assault with intent to com-mit murder (as described in section 113(a)), aggravated sexual abuse and sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242), abusive sexual contact (as described in sections 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2)), kidnapping (as de-scribed in chapter 55), carjacking (as de-scribed in section 2119), arson (as described in section 844(f)(3), (h), or (i)), or terrorism (as described in chapter 113B). ‘‘(xlvi) Section 57(b) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)), relating to the engagement or participation in the develop-ment or production of special nuclear mate-rial. ‘‘(xlvii) Section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2122), relating to prohi-bitions governing atomic weapons. ‘‘(xlviii) Section 101 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2131), relating to the atomic energy license requirement. ‘‘(xlix) Section 224 or 225 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2274, 2275), relating to the communication or receipt of re-stricted data. ‘‘(l) Section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), relating to the sabo-tage of nuclear facilities or fuel. ‘‘(li) Section 60123(b) of title 49, relating to damaging or destroying a pipeline facility, but only if the conduct which led to the con-viction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(lii) Section 401(a) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841), relating to manu-facturing or distributing a controlled sub-stance in the case of a conviction for an of-fense described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(1) of that section for which death or serious bodily injury resulted from the use of such substance. ‘‘(liii) Section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326), relating to the reentry of a removed alien, but only if the alien is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) of that section. ‘‘(liv) Section 277 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327), relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States. ‘‘(lv) Section 278 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1328), relating to the importation of an alien into the United States for an immoral purpose. ‘‘(lvi) Any section of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4611 et seq.) ‘‘(lvii) Section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705). ‘‘(lviii) Section 601 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3121), relating to the protection of identities of certain United States undercover intelligence officers, agents, informants, and sources. ‘‘(lix) Subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of sec-tion 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(A) or (2)(A) of section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distrib-uting, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, dispense, or knowingly importing or exporting, a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of heroin if the sentencing court finds that the offender was an organizer, leader, man-ager, or supervisor of others in the offense, as determined under the guidelines promul-gated by the United States Sentencing Com-mission. ‘‘(lx) Subparagraph (A)(vi) or (B)(vi) of sec-tion 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(F) or (2)(F) of section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distrib-uting, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of N-phenyl-N-[1-(2-phenylethyl)-4- piperidinyl] propanamide, or any analogue thereof. ‘‘(lxi) Subparagraph (A)(viii) or (B)(viii) of section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(H) or (2)(H) of section 1010(b) the Controlled Sub-stances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distrib-uting, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, or knowingly importing or exporting, a mixture of substance containing a detectable amount of methamphetamine, its salts, isomers, or salts of its isomers, if the sentencing court finds that the offender was an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the offense, as determined under the guide-lines promulgated by the United States Sen-tencing Commission. ‘‘(lii) Subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1) or (2) of sec-tion 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Im-port and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relat-ing to manufacturing, distributing, dis-pensing, or possessing with intent to manu-facture, distribute, or dispense, a controlled substance, or knowingly importing or ex-porting a controlled substance, if the sen-tencing court finds that— ‘‘(I) the offense involved a mixture or sub-stance containing a detectable amount of N- phenyl-N-[1-(2-phenylethyl)-4-piperidinyl] propanamide, or any analogue thereof; and ‘‘(II) the offender was an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the of-fense, as determined under the guidelines promulgated by the United States Sen-tencing Commission. ‘‘(E) D
EPORTABLE PRISONERS INELIGIBLE TO  
APPLY TIME CREDITS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner is ineligible to apply time credits under subparagraph (C) if the prisoner is the subject of a final order of removal under any provision of the immi-gration laws (as such term is defined in sec-tion 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEEDINGS .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall ensure that any alien de-scribed in section 212 or 237 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182, 1227) who seeks to earn time credits are subject to proceedings described in section 238(a) of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1228(a)) at a date as early as practicable during the prisoner’s incarcer-ation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7603 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(5) R ISK REASSESSMENTS AND LEVEL AD -
JUSTMENT .—A prisoner who successfully par-ticipates in evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming or productive activities shall receive periodic risk reassessments not less often than annually, and a prisoner de-termined to be at a medium or high risk of recidivating and who has less than 5 years until his or her projected release date shall receive more frequent risk reassessments. If the reassessment shows that the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or specific needs have changed, the Bureau of Prisons shall update the determination of the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or information regarding the prisoner’s specific needs and reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programming or produc-tive activities based on such changes. ‘‘(6) R
ELATION TO OTHER INCENTIVE PRO -
GRAMS .—The incentives described in this subsection shall be in addition to any other rewards or incentives for which a prisoner may be eligible. ‘‘(e) P
ENALTIES .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall develop guidelines for the reduction of rewards and incentives earned under subsection (d) for prisoners who violate prison rules or evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program or productive activ-ity rules, which shall provide— ‘‘(1) general levels of violations and result-ing reductions; ‘‘(2) that any reduction that includes the loss of time credits shall require written no-tice to the prisoner, shall be limited to time credits that a prisoner earned as of the date of the prisoner’s rule violation, and shall not include any future time credits that the pris-oner may earn; and ‘‘(3) for a procedure to restore time credits that a prisoner lost as a result of a rule vio-lation, based on the prisoner’s individual progress after the date of the rule violation. ‘‘(f) B
UREAU OF PRISONS TRAINING .—The At- torney General shall develop and implement training programs for Bureau of Prisons offi-cers and employees responsible for admin-istering the System, which shall include— ‘‘(1) initial training to educate officers and employees on how to use the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, as well as the reasons for using the System; ‘‘(2) continuing education; ‘‘(3) periodic training updates; and ‘‘(4) a requirement that such officers and employees demonstrate competence in ad-ministering the System, including interrater reliability, on a biannual basis. ‘‘(g) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE .—In order to en-sure that the Bureau of Prisons is using the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, the Attorney General shall monitor and assess the use of the System, which shall include conducting annual audits of the Bu-reau of Prisons regarding the use of the Sys-tem. ‘‘(h) D
YSLEXIA SCREENING .— ‘‘(1) S
CREENING .—The Attorney General shall incorporate a dyslexia screening pro-gram into the System, including by screen-ing for dyslexia during— ‘‘(A) the intake process; and ‘‘(B) each periodic risk reassessment of a prisoner. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—The Attorney General shall incorporate programs designed to treat dyslexia into the evidence-based recidivism reduction programs or productive activities required to be implemented under this sec-tion. The Attorney General may also incor-porate programs designed to treat other learning disabilities. ‘‘§ 3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Prior to releasing the System, in consultation with the Inde-pendent Review Committee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018, the Attorney Gen-eral shall— ‘‘(1) review the effectiveness of evidence- based recidivism reduction programs that exist as of the date of enactment of this sub-chapter in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) review available information regard-ing the effectiveness of evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist in State-operated pris-ons throughout the United States; ‘‘(3) identify the most effective evidence- based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(4) review the policies for entering into evidence-based recidivism reduction partner-ships described in section 3621(h)(5); and ‘‘(5) direct the Bureau of Prisons regard-ing— ‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(B) the ability for faith-based organiza-tions to function as a provider of educational evidence-based programs outside of the reli-gious classes and services provided through the Chaplaincy; and ‘‘(C) the addition of any new effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs that the Attorney General finds. ‘‘(b) REVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS RE-
GARDING DYSLEXIA MITIGATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Attorney General shall consider the prevalence and mitigation of dyslexia in prisons, including by— ‘‘(1) reviewing statistics on the prevalence of dyslexia, and the effectiveness of any pro-grams implemented to mitigate the effects of dyslexia, in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons and State-operated prisons throughout the United States; and ‘‘(2) incorporating the findings of the At-torney General under paragraph (1) of this subsection into any directives given to the Bureau of Prisons under paragraph (5) of sub-section (a). ‘‘§ 3634. Report ‘‘Beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-chapter, and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that con-tains the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of the activities and ac-complishments of the Attorney General in carrying out this Act. ‘‘(2) A summary and assessment of the types and effectiveness of the evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and produc-tive activities in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) evidence about which programs have been shown to reduce recidivism; ‘‘(B) the capacity of each program and ac-tivity at each prison, including the number of prisoners along with the recidivism risk of each prisoner enrolled in each program; and ‘‘(C) identification of any gaps or shortages in capacity of such programs and activities. ‘‘(3) Rates of recidivism among individuals who have been released from Federal prison, based on the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The primary offense of conviction. ‘‘(B) The length of the sentence imposed and served. ‘‘(C) The Bureau of Prisons facility or fa-cilities in which the prisoner’s sentence was served. ‘‘(D) The evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming that the prisoner success-fully completed, if any. ‘‘(E) The prisoner’s assessed and reassessed risk of recidivism. ‘‘(F) The productive activities that the prisoner successfully completed, if any. ‘‘(4) The status of prison work programs at facilities operated by the Bureau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) a strategy to expand the availability of such programs without reducing job op-portunities for workers in the United States who are not in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including the feasibility of prisoners manufacturing products purchased by Fed-eral agencies that are manufactured over-seas; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the feasibility of ex-panding such programs, consistent with the strategy required under subparagraph (A), with the goal that 5 years after the date of enactment of this subchapter, not less than 75 percent of eligible minimum- and low-risk offenders have the opportunity to participate in a prison work program for not less than 20 hours per week; and ‘‘(C) a detailed discussion of legal authori-ties that would be useful or necessary to achieve the goals described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(5) An assessment of the Bureau of Pris-ons’ compliance with section 3621(h). ‘‘(6) An assessment of progress made to-ward carrying out the purposes of this sub-chapter, including any savings associated with— ‘‘(A) the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody or supervised release under section 3624(g), including savings re-sulting from the avoidance or deferral of fu-ture construction, acquisition, and oper-ations costs; and ‘‘(B) any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the System or the increase in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams required under this subchapter. ‘‘(7) An assessment of budgetary savings resulting from this subchapter, including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the amount of savings resulting from the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody under this chapter, in-cluding savings resulting from the avoidance or deferral of future construction, acquisi-tion, or operations costs; ‘‘(B) a summary of the amount of savings resulting from any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the implementa-tion of the risk and needs assessment system or the increase in recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities required by this subchapter; ‘‘(C) a strategy to reinvest the savings de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) in other— ‘‘(i) Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment activities; and ‘‘(ii) expansions of recidivism reduction programs and productive activities in the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(D) a description of how the reduced ex-penditures on Federal corrections and the budgetary savings resulting from this sub-chapter are currently being used and will be used to— ‘‘(i) increase investment in law enforce-ment and crime prevention to combat gangs of national significance and high-level drug traffickers through the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program and other task forces; ‘‘(ii) hire, train, and equip law enforcement officers and prosecutors; and ‘‘(iii) promote crime reduction programs using evidence-based practices and strategic planning to help reduce crime and criminal recidivism. ‘‘(8) Statistics on— ‘‘(A) the prevalence of dyslexia among pris-oners in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7604 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) any change in the effectiveness of dys-lexia mitigation programs among such pris-oners that may be attributed to the incorpo-ration of dyslexia screening into the System and of dyslexia treatment into the evidence- based recidivism reduction programs, as re-quired under this chapter. ‘‘§ 3635. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter the following defini-tions apply: ‘‘(1) D
YSLEXIA .—The term ‘dyslexia’ means an unexpected difficulty in reading for an in-dividual who has the intelligence to be a much better reader, most commonly caused by a difficulty in the phonological processing (the appreciation of the individual sounds of spoken language), which affects the ability of an individual to speak, read, and spell. ‘‘(2) D
YSLEXIA SCREENING PROGRAM .—The term ‘dyslexia screening program’ means a screening program for dyslexia that is— ‘‘(A) evidence-based (as defined in section 8101(21) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(21))) with proven psychometrics for validity; ‘‘(B) efficient and low-cost; and ‘‘(C) readily available. ‘‘(3) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program’ means either a group or individual activity that— ‘‘(A) has been shown by empirical evidence to reduce recidivism or is based on research indicating that it is likely to be effective in reducing recidivism; ‘‘(B) is designed to help prisoners succeed in their communities upon release from pris-on; and ‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) social learning and communication, interpersonal, anti-bullying, rejection re-sponse, and other life skills; ‘‘(ii) family relationship building, struc-tured parent-child interaction, and parenting skills; ‘‘(iii) classes on morals or ethics; ‘‘(iv) academic classes; ‘‘(v) cognitive behavioral treatment; ‘‘(vi) mentoring; ‘‘(vii) substance abuse treatment; ‘‘(viii) vocational training; ‘‘(ix) faith-based classes or services; ‘‘(x) civic engagement and reintegrative community services; ‘‘(xi) a prison job, including through a pris-on work program; ‘‘(xii) victim impact classes or other re-storative justice programs; and ‘‘(xiii) trauma counseling and trauma-in-formed support programs. ‘‘(4) P
RISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(5) P
RODUCTIVE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘pro-ductive activity’ means either a group or in-dividual activity that is designed to allow prisoners determined as having a minimum or low risk of recidivating to remain produc-tive and thereby maintain a minimum or low risk of recidivating, and may include the de-livery of the programs described in para-graph (1) to other prisoners. ‘‘(6) R
ISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT TOOL .— The term ‘risk and needs assessment tool’ means an objective and statistically vali-dated method through which information is collected and evaluated to determine— ‘‘(A) as part of the intake process, the risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; ‘‘(B) the recidivism reduction programs that will best minimize the risk that the prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; and ‘‘(C) the periodic reassessment of risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison, based on factors including indicators of progress and of regression, that are dy-namic and that can reasonably be expected to change while in prison.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘D. Risk and Needs Assessment........3631’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM GEN-
ERALLY .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RISK AND NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the Attorney General completes and re-leases the risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Sys-tem’) developed under subchapter D, the Di-rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall, in ac-cordance with that subchapter— ‘‘(A) implement and complete the initial intake risk and needs assessment for each prisoner (including for each prisoner who was a prisoner prior to the effective date of this subsection), regardless of the prisoner’s length of imposed term of imprisonment, and begin to assign prisoners to appropriate evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs based on that determination; ‘‘(B) begin to expand the effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities it offers and add any new evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities nec-essary to effectively implement the System; and ‘‘(C) begin to implement the other risk and needs assessment tools necessary to effec-tively implement the System over time, while prisoners are participating in and com-pleting the effective evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) P
HASE -IN.—In order to carry out para-graph (1), so that every prisoner has the op-portunity to participate in and complete the type and amount of evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs or productive ac-tivities they need, and be reassessed for re-cidivism risk as necessary to effectively im-plement the System, the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(A) provide such evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities for all prisoners before the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Bureau of Prisons completes a risk and needs assess-ment for each prisoner under paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(B) develop and validate the risk and needs assessment tool to be used in the reas-sessments of risk of recidivism, while pris-oners are participating in and completing evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY DURING PHASE -IN.—During the 2-year period described in paragraph (2)(A), the priority for such programs and ac-tivities shall be accorded based on a pris-oner’s proximity to release date. ‘‘(4) P
RELIMINARY EXPANSION OF EVIDENCE - 
BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS AND  
AUTHORITY TO USE INCENTIVES .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bureau of Prisons may begin to expand any evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities that exist at a prison as of such date, and may offer to prisoners who successfully participate in such programs and activities the incentives and rewards described in subchapter D. ‘‘(5) R
ECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— In order to expand evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activi-ties, the Attorney General shall develop poli-cies for the warden of each prison of the Bu-reau of Prisons to enter into partnerships, subject to the availability of appropriations, with any of the following: ‘‘(A) Nonprofit and other private organiza-tions, including faith-based, art, and commu-nity-based organizations that will deliver re-cidivism reduction programming on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(B) Institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) that will deliver instruction on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(C) Private entities that will— ‘‘(i) deliver vocational training and certifi-cations; ‘‘(ii) provide equipment to facilitate voca-tional training or employment opportunities for prisoners; ‘‘(iii) employ prisoners; or ‘‘(iv) assist prisoners in prerelease custody or supervised release in finding employment. ‘‘(D) Industry-sponsored organizations that will deliver workforce development and training, on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(6) REQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE PROGRAMS TO  
ALL PRISONERS ; PRIORITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall provide all pris-oners with the opportunity to actively par-ticipate in evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs or productive activities, ac-cording to their specific criminogenic needs, throughout their entire term of incarcer-ation. Priority for participation in recidi-vism reduction programs shall be given to medium-risk and high-risk prisoners, with access to productive activities given to min-imum-risk and low-risk prisoners. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms in this sub-section have the meaning given those terms in section 3635.’’. (b) P
RERELEASE CUSTODY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, beyond the time served, of up to 54 days at the end of each year of the prisoner’s term of imprisonment, beginning at the end of the first year of the term,’’ and inserting ‘‘of up to 54 days for each year of the prisoner’s sentence imposed by the court,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘credit for the last year or portion of a year of the term of imprison-ment shall be prorated and credited within the last six weeks of the sentence’’ and in-serting ‘‘credit for the last year of a term of imprisonment shall be credited on the first day of the last year of the term of imprison-ment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
RERELEASE CUSTODY OR SUPERVISED  R
ELEASE FOR RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT  S
YSTEM PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PRISONERS .—This subsection applies in the case of a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635) who— ‘‘(A) has earned time credits under the risk and needs assessment system developed under subchapter D (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘System’) in an amount that is equal to the remainder of the prisoner’s im-posed term of imprisonment; ‘‘(B) has shown through the periodic risk reassessments a demonstrated recidivism risk reduction or has maintained a minimum or low recidivism risk, during the prisoner’s term of imprisonment; ‘‘(C) has had the remainder of the pris-oner’s imposed term of imprisonment com-puted under applicable law; and ‘‘(D)(i) in the case of a prisoner being placed in prerelease custody, the prisoner— ‘‘(I) has been determined under the System to be a minimum or low risk to recidivate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7605 December 13, 2018 
pursuant to the last 2 reassessments of the prisoner; or ‘‘(II) has had a petition to be transferred to prerelease custody or supervised release ap-proved by the warden of the prison, after the warden’s determination that— ‘‘(aa) the prisoner would not be a danger to society if transferred to prerelease custody or supervised release; ‘‘(bb) the prisoner has made a good faith ef-fort to lower their recidivism risk through participation in recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities; and ‘‘(cc) the prisoner is unlikely to recidivate; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a prisoner being placed in supervised release, the prisoner has been determined under the System to be a min-imum or low risk to recidivate pursuant to the last reassessment of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF PRERELEASE CUSTODY .—A prisoner shall be placed in prerelease cus-tody as follows: ‘‘(A) H
OME CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this sub-section who is placed in home confinement shall— ‘‘(I) be subject to 24-hour electronic moni-toring that enables the prompt identification of the prisoner, location, and time, in the case of any violation of subclause (II); ‘‘(II) remain in the prisoner’s residence, ex-cept that the prisoner may leave the pris-oner’s home in order to, subject to the ap-proval of the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons— ‘‘(aa) perform a job or job-related activi-ties, including an apprenticeship, or partici-pate in job-seeking activities; ‘‘(bb) participate in evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programming or productive activities assigned by the System, or similar activities; ‘‘(cc) perform community service; ‘‘(dd) participate in crime victim restora-tion activities; ‘‘(ee) receive medical treatment; ‘‘(ff) attend religious activities; or ‘‘(gg) participate in other family-related activities that facilitate the prisoner’s suc-cessful reentry such as a family funeral, a family wedding, or to visit a family member who is seriously ill; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other conditions as the Director determines appropriate. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATE MEANS OF MONITORING .—If the electronic monitoring of a prisoner de-scribed in clause (i)(I) is infeasible for tech-nical or religious reasons, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may use alternative means of monitoring a prisoner placed in home confinement that the Director deter-mines are as effective or more effective than the electronic monitoring described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may modify the conditions described in clause (i) if the Director deter-mines that a compelling reason exists to do so, and that the prisoner has demonstrated exemplary compliance with such conditions. ‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), a prisoner who is placed in home confinement shall remain in home con-finement until the prisoner has served not less than 85 percent of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment. ‘‘(B) R
ESIDENTIAL REENTRY CENTER .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursu-ant to this subsection who is placed at a resi-dential reentry center shall be subject to such conditions as the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) S
UPERVISED RELEASE .—If the sen-tencing court included as a part of the pris-oner’s sentence a requirement that the pris-oner be placed on a term of supervised re-lease after imprisonment pursuant to section 3583, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may transfer the prisoner to begin any such term of supervised release at an earlier date, not to exceed 12 months, based on the appli-cation of time credits under section 3632. ‘‘(4) DETERMINATION OF CONDITIONS .—In de- termining appropriate conditions for pris-oners placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall, to the extent prac-ticable, provide that increasingly less re-strictive conditions shall be imposed on pris-oners who demonstrate continued compli-ance with the conditions of such prerelease custody, so as to most effectively prepare such prisoners for reentry. ‘‘(5) V
IOLATIONS OF CONDITIONS .—If a pris- oner violates a condition of the prisoner’s prerelease custody, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons may impose such additional conditions on the prisoner’s prerelease cus-tody as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons determines appropriate, or revoke the pris-oner’s prerelease custody and require the prisoner to serve the remainder of the term of imprisonment to which the prisoner was sentenced, or any portion thereof, in prison. If the violation is nontechnical in nature, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall revoke the prisoner’s prerelease custody. ‘‘(6) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDELINES .—The Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Assist-ant Director for the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services, shall issue guidelines for use by the Bureau of Prisons in deter-mining— ‘‘(A) the appropriate type of prerelease cus-tody or supervised release and level of super-vision for a prisoner placed on prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) consequences for a violation of a con-dition of such prerelease custody by such a prisoner, including a return to prison and a reassessment of evidence-based recidivism risk level under the System. ‘‘(7) A
GREEMENTS WITH UNITED STATES PRO -
BATION AND PRETRIAL SERVICES .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall, to the greatest extent practicable, enter into agree-ments with United States Probation and Pretrial Services to supervise prisoners placed in home confinement under this sub-section. Such agreements shall— ‘‘(A) authorize United States Probation and Pretrial Services to exercise the author-ity granted to the Director pursuant to para-graphs (3) and (4); and ‘‘(B) take into account the resource re-quirements of United States Probation and Pretrial Services as a result of the transfer of Bureau of Prisons prisoners to prerelease custody or supervised release. ‘‘(8) A
SSISTANCE .—United States Probation and Pretrial Services shall, to the greatest extent practicable, offer assistance to any prisoner not under its supervision during prerelease custody under this subsection. ‘‘(9) M
ENTORING , REENTRY , AND SPIRITUAL  
SERVICES .—Any prerelease custody into which a prisoner is placed under this sub-section may not include a condition prohib-iting the prisoner from receiving mentoring, reentry, or spiritual services from a person who provided such services to the prisoner while the prisoner was incarcerated, except that the warden of the facility at which the prisoner was incarcerated may waive the re-quirement under this paragraph if the war-den finds that the provision of such services would pose a significant security risk to the prisoner, persons who provide such services, or any other person. The warden shall pro-vide written notice of any such waiver to the person providing such services and to the prisoner. ‘‘(10) T
IME LIMITS INAPPLICABLE .—The time limits under subsections (b) and (c) shall not apply to prerelease custody under this sub-section. ‘‘(11) PRERELEASE CUSTODY CAPACITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall en-sure there is sufficient prerelease custody capacity to accommodate all eligible pris-oners.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect be-ginning on the date that the Attorney Gen-eral completes and releases the risk and needs assessment system under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with respect to offenses committed before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply with re-spect to offenses committed before Novem-ber 1, 1987. 
SEC. 103. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the Director of the Bureau of Prisons implements the risk and needs assessment system under section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, and every 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the use of the risk and needs assessment system at Bureau of Prisons facilities. The audit shall include analysis of the following: (1) Whether inmates are being assessed under the risk and needs assessment system with the frequency required under such sec-tion 3621 of title 18, United States Code. (2) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is able to offer recidivism reduction programs and productive activities (as such terms are de-fined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act). (3) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is offer-ing the type, amount, and intensity of recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities for prisoners to earn the maximum amount of time credits for which they are el-igible. (4) Whether the Attorney General is car-rying out the duties under section 3631(b) of title 18, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 101(a) of this Act. (5) Whether officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons are receiving the training described in section 3632(f) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (6) Whether the Bureau of Prisons offers work assignments to all prisoners who might benefit from such an assignment. (7) Whether the Bureau of Prisons transfers prisoners to prerelease custody or supervised release as soon as they are eligible for such a transfer under section 3624(g) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(b) of this Act. (8) The rates of recidivism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwar-ranted disparities, including disparities among similarly classified prisoners of dif-ferent demographic groups, in such rates. 
SEC. 104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Of the amount appropriated under this subsection, 80 percent shall be re-served for use by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to implement the system under section 3621(h) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(a) of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS .—It is the sense of Congress that any savings associated with reductions in recidivism that result from this title should be reinvested— (1) to supplement funding for programs that increase public safety by providing re-sources to State and local law enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7606 December 13, 2018 
officials, including for the adoption of inno-vative technologies and information sharing capabilities; (2) into evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs offered by the Bureau of Pris-ons; and (3) into ensuring eligible prisoners have ac-cess to such programs and productive activi-ties offered by the Bureau of Prisons. 
SEC. 105. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to pro-vide authority to place a prisoner in prerelease custody or supervised release who is serving a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for an offense under the laws of one of the 50 States, or of a territory or possession of the United States or to amend or affect the enforcement of the immigration laws, as defined in section 101 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
SEC. 106. FAITH-BASED CONSIDERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In considering any pro-gram, treatment, regimen, group, company, charity, person, or entity of any kind under any provision of this Act, or the amend-ments made by this Act, the fact that it may be or is faith-based may not be a basis for any discrimination against it in any manner or for any purpose. (b) E
LIGIBILITY FOR EARNED TIMECREDIT .— Participation in a faith-based program, treatment, or regimen may qualify a pris-oner for earned time credit under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, however, the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons shall ensure that non-faith-based pro-grams that qualify for earned time credit are offered at each Bureau of Prisons facility in addition to any such faith-based programs. (c) L
IMITATION ON ACTIVITIES .—A group, company, charity, person, or entity may not engage in faith-based activities using direct financial assistance made available under this title or the amendments made by this title. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to amend any require-ment under Federal law or the Constitution of the United States regarding funding for faith-based programs or activities. 
SEC. 107. INDEPENDENT REVIEW COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall consult with an Independent Review Committee in carrying out the Attorney General’s duties under sections 3631(b), 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (b) F
ORMATION OF INDEPENDENT REVIEW  C
OMMITTEE .—The National Institute of Jus-tice shall select a nonpartisan and nonprofit organization with expertise in the study and development of risk and needs assessment tools to host the Independent Review Com-mittee. The Independent Review Committee shall be established not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
PPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REVIEW  C
OMMITTEE .—The organization selected by the National Institute of Justice shall ap-point not fewer than 6 members to the Inde-pendent Review Committee. (d) C
OMPOSITION OF THE INDEPENDENT RE-
VIEW COMMITTEE .—The members of the Inde-pendent Review Committee shall all have ex-pertise in risk and needs assessment systems and shall include— (1) 2 individuals who have published peer- reviewed scholarship about risk and needs assessments in both corrections and commu-nity settings; (2) 2 corrections practitioners who have de-veloped and implemented a risk assessment tool in a corrections system or in a commu-nity supervision setting, including 1 with prior experience working within the Bureau of Prisons; and (3) 1 individual with expertise in assessing risk assessment implementation. (e) DUTIES OF THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW  C
OMMITTEE .—The Independent Review Com-mittee shall assist the Attorney General in carrying out the Attorney General’s duties under sections 3631(b), 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, including by assisting in— (1) conducting a review of the existing pris-oner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of enactment of this Act; (2) developing recommendations regarding evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities; (3) conducting research and data analysis on— (A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; (B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; and (C) which evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs are the most effective at re-ducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most effec-tively reduces the risk of recidivism; and (4) reviewing and validating the risk and needs assessment system. (f) B
UREAU OF PRISONS COOPERATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall assist the Independent Review Committee in per-forming the Committee’s duties and prompt-ly respond to requests from the Committee for access to Bureau of Prisons facilities, personnel, and information. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inde-pendent Review Committee shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) a list of all offenses of conviction for which prisoners were ineligible to receive time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 101(a) of this Act, and for each offense the number of prisoners excluded, including demographic percentages by age, race, and sex; (2) the criminal history categories of pris-oners ineligible to receive time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, and for each category the number of pris-oners excluded, including demographic per-centages by age, race, and sex; (3) the number of prisoners ineligible to apply time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, who do not partici-pate in recidivism reduction programming or productive activities, including the demo-graphic percentages by age, race, and sex; (4) any recommendations for modifications to section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, and any other recommendations re-garding recidivism reduction. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The Independent Review Committee shall terminate on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the risk and needs assessment system authorized by sections 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is released. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self- Protection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bu-reau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) S
ECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law, allows employees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the se-cure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED 
SEC. 301. USE OF RESTRAINTS ON PRISONERS DURING THE PERIOD OF PREG-NANCY AND POSTPARTUM RECOV-ERY PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4321 the following: ‘‘§ 4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery prohibited ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), beginning on the date on which pregnancy is confirmed by a healthcare professional, and ending at the conclusion of postpartum recovery, a pris-oner in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, or in the custody of the United States Mar-shals Service pursuant to section 4086, shall not be placed in restraints. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) an appropriate corrections official, or a United States marshal, as applicable, makes a determination that the prisoner— ‘‘(i) is an immediate and credible flight risk that cannot reasonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(ii) poses an immediate and serious threat of harm to herself or others that cannot rea-sonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(B) a healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner de-termines that the use of restraints is appro-priate for the medical safety of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) L
EAST RESTRICTIVE RESTRAINTS .—In the case that restraints are used pursuant to an exception under paragraph (1), only the least restrictive restraints necessary to pre-vent the harm or risk of escape described in paragraph (1) may be used. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The exceptions under paragraph (1) may not be applied— ‘‘(i) to place restraints around the ankles, legs, or waist of a prisoner; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7607 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(ii) to restrain a prisoner’s hands behind her back; ‘‘(iii) to restrain a prisoner using 4-point restraints; or ‘‘(iv) to attach a prisoner to another pris-oner. ‘‘(B) M
EDICAL REQUEST .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), upon the request of a healthcare professional who is responsible for the health and safety of a prisoner, a cor-rections official or United States marshal, as applicable, shall refrain from using re-straints on the prisoner or shall remove re-straints used on the prisoner. ‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT TO THE DIRECTOR AND  
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL .—If a corrections official or United States marshal uses re-straints on a prisoner under subsection (b)(1), that official or marshal shall submit, not later than 30 days after placing the pris-oner in restraints, to the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons or the Director of the United States Marshals Service, as applicable, and to the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, a writ-ten report that describes the facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the use of re-straints, and includes— ‘‘(A) the reasoning upon which the deter-mination to use restraints was made; ‘‘(B) the details of the use of restraints, in-cluding the type of restraints used and length of time during which restraints were used; and ‘‘(C) any resulting physical effects on the prisoner observed by or known to the correc-tions official or United States marshal, as applicable. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL REPORT TO THE DIREC -
TOR.—Upon receipt of a report under para-graph (1), the healthcare professional respon-sible for the health and safety of the prisoner may submit to the Director such informa-tion as the healthcare professional deter-mines is relevant to the use of restraints on the prisoner. ‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each submit to the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that certifies compliance with this section and includes the information re-quired to be reported under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—The report under this paragraph shall not contain any personally identifiable in-formation of any prisoner. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—Not later than 48 hours after the confirmation of a prisoner’s pregnancy by a healthcare professional, that prisoner shall be notified by an appropriate healthcare professional, corrections official, or United States marshal, as applicable, of the restrictions on the use of restraints under this section. ‘‘(e) V
IOLATION REPORTING PROCESS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons, in con-sultation with the Director of the United States Marshals Service, shall establish a process through which a prisoner may report a violation of this section. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each develop training guidelines regarding the use of restraints on female prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery, and shall incorporate such guide-lines into appropriate training programs. Such training guidelines shall include— ‘‘(A) how to identify certain symptoms of pregnancy that require immediate referral to a healthcare professional; ‘‘(B) circumstances under which the excep-tions under subsection (b) would apply; ‘‘(C) in the case that an exception under subsection (b) applies, how to apply re-straints in a way that does not harm the prisoner, the fetus, or the neonate; ‘‘(D) the information required to be re-ported under subsection (c); and ‘‘(E) the right of a healthcare professional to request that restraints not be used, and the requirement under subsection (b)(3)(B) to comply with such a request. ‘‘(2) DEVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—In de- veloping the guidelines required by para-graph (1), the Directors shall each consult with healthcare professionals with expertise in caring for women during the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) P
OSTPARTUM RECOVERY .—The term ‘postpartum recovery’ means the 12-week pe-riod, or longer as determined by the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, following delivery, and shall include the entire period that the prisoner is in the hospital or infir-mary. ‘‘(2) P
RISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including a person in a Bureau of Prisons contracted fa-cility. ‘‘(3) R
ESTRAINTS .—The term ‘restraints’ means any physical or mechanical device used to control the movement of a prisoner’s body, limbs, or both.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 4321 the following: ‘‘4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery pro-hibited.’’. TITLE IV—SENTENCING REFORM 
SEC. 401. REDUCE AND RESTRICT ENHANCED SENTENCING FOR PRIOR DRUG FELONIES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACTAMEND -
MENTS .—The Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102 (21 U.S.C. 802), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(57) The term ‘serious drug felony’ means an offense described in section 924(e)(2) of title 18, United States Code, for which— ‘‘(A) the offender served a term of impris-onment of more than 12 months; and ‘‘(B) the offender’s release from any term of imprisonment was within 15 years of the commencement of the instant offense. ‘‘(58) The term ‘serious violent felony’ means— ‘‘(A) an offense described in section 3559(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, for which the offender served a term of impris-onment of more than 12 months; and ‘‘(B) any offense that would be a felony violation of section 113 of title 18, United States Code, if the offense were committed in the special maritime and territorial juris-diction of the United States, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 12 months.’’; and (2) in section 401(b)(1) (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter fol-lowing clause (viii)— (i) by striking ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a fel-ony drug offense has become final, such per-son shall be sentenced to a term of imprison-ment which may not be less than 20 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior con-viction for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 15 years’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘after two or more prior convictions for a felony drug offense have be-come final, such person shall be sentenced to a mandatory term of life imprisonment with-out release’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘after 2 or more prior convictions for a seri-ous drug felony or serious violent felony have become final, such person shall be sen-tenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 25 years’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter fol-lowing clause (viii), by striking ‘‘If any per-son commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has be-come final’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony has become final’’. (b) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND  E
XPORT ACTAMENDMENTS .—Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Ex-port Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter fol-lowing subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has be-come final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a serious drug felony or serious violent fel-ony has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 15 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter fol-lowing subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘felony drug offense’’ and inserting ‘‘serious drug fel-ony or serious violent felony’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY TO PENDING CASES.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall apply to any offense that was committed before the date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enactment. 
SEC. 402. BROADENING OF EXISTING SAFETY VALVE. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 3553 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘or section 1010’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, section 1010’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, or section 70503 or 70506 of title 46’’ after ‘‘963)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) the defendant does not have— ‘‘(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding any criminal history points result-ing from a 1-point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; ‘‘(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; and ‘‘(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as de-termined under the sentencing guidelines;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Information disclosed by a defendant under this subsection may not be used to enhance the sentence of the defendant unless the in-formation relates to a violent offense.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
EFINITION OF VIOLENT OFFENSE .—As used in this section, the term ‘violent of-fense’ means a crime of violence, as defined in section 16, that is punishable by imprison-ment.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply only to a convic-tion entered on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7608 December 13, 2018 
SEC. 403. CLARIFICATION OF SECTION 924(c) OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 924(c)(1)(C) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘second or subsequent conviction under this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘violation of this subsection that occurs after a prior convic-tion under this subsection has become final’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY TO PENDING CASES.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall apply to any offense that was committed before the date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enactment. 
SEC. 404. APPLICATION OF FAIR SENTENCING ACT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COVERED OFFENSE .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered offense’’ means a violation of a Federal criminal stat-ute, the statutory penalties for which were modified by section 2 or 3 of the Fair Sen-tencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372), that was committed before Au-gust 3, 2010. (b) D
EFENDANTS PREVIOUSLY SENTENCED .— A court that imposed a sentence for a cov-ered offense may, on motion of the defend-ant, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, the attorney for the Government, or the court, impose a reduced sentence as if sec-tions 2 and 3 of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372) were in effect at the time the covered offense was committed. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—No court shall entertain a motion made under this section to reduce a sentence if the sentence was previously im-posed or previously reduced in accordance with the amendments made by sections 2 and 3 of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372) or if a previous motion made under this section to reduce the sentence was, after the date of enact-ment of this Act, denied after a complete re-view of the motion on the merits. Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a court to reduce any sentence pursuant to this section. TITLE V—SECOND CHANCE ACT OF 2007 REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 502. IMPROVEMENTS TO EXISTING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF ADULT AND JUVE-
NILE OFFENDER STATE AND LOCAL DEM-
ONSTRATION PROJECTS .—Section 2976 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
RANT AUTHORIZATION .—The Attorney General shall make grants to States, local governments, territories, or Indian tribes, or any combination thereof (in this section re-ferred to as an ‘eligible entity’), in partner-ship with interested persons (including Fed-eral corrections and supervision agencies), service providers, and nonprofit organiza-tions for the purpose of strategic planning and implementation of adult and juvenile of-fender reentry projects.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or re-entry courts,’’ after ‘‘community,’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) promoting employment opportunities consistent with the Transitional Jobs strat-egy (as defined in section 4 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60502)).’’; and (3) by striking subsections (d), (e), and (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) COMBINED GRANT APPLICATION ; PRI-
ORITY CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall develop a procedure to allow applicants to submit a single application for a planning grant under subsection (e) and an implemen-tation grant under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attor-ney General shall give priority consideration to grant applications under subsections (e) and (f) that include a commitment by the ap-plicant to partner with a local evaluator to identify and analyze data that will— ‘‘(A) enable the grantee to target the in-tended offender population; and ‘‘(B) serve as a baseline for purposes of the evaluation. ‘‘(e) P
LANNING GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Attorney General may make a grant to an eligible entity of not more than $75,000 to develop a strategic, col-laborative plan for an adult or juvenile of-fender reentry demonstration project as de-scribed in subsection (h) that includes— ‘‘(A) a budget and a budget justification; ‘‘(B) a description of the outcome measures that will be used to measure the effective-ness of the program in promoting public safety and public health; ‘‘(C) the activities proposed; ‘‘(D) a schedule for completion of the ac-tivities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(E) a description of the personnel nec-essary to complete the activities described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM TOTAL GRANTS AND GEO -
GRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Attorney General may not make initial planning grants and implementation grants to 1 eligi-ble entity in a total amount that is more than a $1,000,000. ‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Attorney General shall make every effort to ensure eq-uitable geographic distribution of grants under this section and take into consider-ation the needs of underserved populations, including rural and tribal communities. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF GRANT .—A planning grant made under this subsection shall be for a pe-riod of not longer than 1 year, beginning on the first day of the month in which the plan-ning grant is made. ‘‘(f) I
MPLEMENTATION GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity de-siring an implementation grant under this subsection shall submit to the Attorney Gen-eral an application that— ‘‘(A) contains a reentry strategic plan as described in subsection (h), which describes the long-term strategy and incorporates a detailed implementation schedule, including the plans of the applicant to fund the pro-gram after Federal funding is discontinued; ‘‘(B) identifies the local government role and the role of governmental agencies and nonprofit organizations that will be coordi-nated by, and that will collaborate on, the offender reentry strategy of the applicant, and certifies the involvement of such agen-cies and organizations; ‘‘(C) describes the evidence-based method-ology and outcome measures that will be used to evaluate the program funded with a grant under this subsection, and specifically explains how such measurements will pro-vide valid measures of the impact of that program; and ‘‘(D) describes how the project could be broadly replicated if demonstrated to be ef-fective. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Attorney General may make a grant to an applicant under this subsection only if the application— ‘‘(A) reflects explicit support of the chief executive officer, or their designee, of the State, unit of local government, territory, or Indian tribe applying for a grant under this subsection; ‘‘(B) provides discussion of the role of Fed-eral corrections, State corrections depart-ments, community corrections agencies, ju-venile justice systems, and tribal or local jail systems in ensuring successful reentry of offenders into their communities; ‘‘(C) provides evidence of collaboration with State, local, or tribal government agen-cies overseeing health, housing, child wel-fare, education, substance abuse, victims services, and employment services, and with local law enforcement agencies; ‘‘(D) provides a plan for analysis of the statutory, regulatory, rules-based, and prac-tice-based hurdles to reintegration of offend-ers into the community; ‘‘(E) includes the use of a State, local, ter-ritorial, or tribal task force, described in subsection (i), to carry out the activities funded under the grant; ‘‘(F) provides a plan for continued collabo-ration with a local evaluator as necessary to meeting the requirements under subsection (h); and ‘‘(G) demonstrates that the applicant par-ticipated in the planning grant process or en-gaged in comparable planning for the reentry project. ‘‘(3) PRIORITY CONSIDERATIONS .—The Attor-ney General shall give priority to grant ap-plications under this subsection that best— ‘‘(A) focus initiative on geographic areas with a disproportionate population of offend-ers released from prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) input from nonprofit organizations, in any case where relevant input is available and appropriate to the grant application; ‘‘(ii) consultation with crime victims and offenders who are released from prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(iii) coordination with families of offend-ers; ‘‘(iv) input, where appropriate, from the ju-venile justice coordinating council of the re-gion; ‘‘(v) input, where appropriate, from the re-entry coordinating council of the region; or ‘‘(vi) input, where appropriate, from other interested persons; ‘‘(C) demonstrate effective case assessment and management abilities in order to provide comprehensive and continuous reentry, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) planning for prerelease transitional housing and community release that begins upon admission for juveniles and jail in-mates, and, as appropriate, for prison in-mates, depending on the length of the sen-tence; ‘‘(ii) establishing prerelease planning pro-cedures to ensure that the eligibility of an offender for Federal, tribal, or State benefits upon release is established prior to release, subject to any limitations in law, and to en-sure that offenders obtain all necessary re-ferrals for reentry services, including assist-ance identifying and securing suitable hous-ing; or ‘‘(iii) delivery of continuous and appro-priate mental health services, drug treat-ment, medical care, job training and place-ment, educational services, vocational serv-ices, and any other service or support needed for reentry; ‘‘(D) review the process by which the appli-cant adjudicates violations of parole, proba-tion, or supervision following release from prison, jail, or a juvenile facility, taking into account public safety and the use of graduated, community-based sanctions for minor and technical violations of parole, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7609 December 13, 2018 
probation, or supervision (specifically those violations that are not otherwise, and inde-pendently, a violation of law); ‘‘(E) provide for an independent evaluation of reentry programs that include, to the maximum extent possible, random assign-ment and controlled studies to determine the effectiveness of such programs; ‘‘(F) target moderate and high-risk offend-ers for reentry programs through validated assessment tools; or ‘‘(G) target offenders with histories of homelessness, substance abuse, or mental ill-ness, including a prerelease assessment of the housing status of the offender and behav-ioral health needs of the offender with clear coordination with mental health, substance abuse, and homelessness services systems to achieve stable and permanent housing out-comes with appropriate support service. ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD OF GRANT .—A grant made under this subsection shall be effective for a 2-year period— ‘‘(A) beginning on the date on which the planning grant awarded under subsection (e) concludes; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an implementation grant awarded to an eligible entity that did not receive a planning grant, beginning on the date on which the implementation grant is awarded.’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing financial assistance under subsection (f), each application shall develop a comprehen-sive reentry strategic plan that— ‘‘(A) contains a plan to assess inmate re-entry needs and measurable annual and 3- year performance outcomes; ‘‘(B) uses, to the maximum extent possible, randomly assigned and controlled studies, or rigorous quasi-experimental studies with matched comparison groups, to determine the effectiveness of the program funded with a grant under subsection (f); and ‘‘(C) includes as a goal of the plan to re-duce the rate of recidivism for offenders re-leased from prison, jail or a juvenile facility with funds made available under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) L
OCAL EVALUATOR .—A partnership with a local evaluator described in sub-section (d)(2) shall require the local eval-uator to use the baseline data and target population characteristics developed under a subsection (e) planning grant to derive a tar-get goal for recidivism reduction during the 3-year period beginning on the date of imple-mentation of the program.’’; (5) in subsection (i)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under this section’’ and in-serting ‘‘under subsection (f)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)(D)’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘for an implementation grant under subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘applicant’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, where appropriate’’ after ‘‘support’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) increased number of staff trained to administer reentry services; ‘‘(G) increased proportion of individuals served by the program among those eligible to receive services; ‘‘(H) increased number of individuals re-ceiving risk screening needs assessment, and case planning services; ‘‘(I) increased enrollment in, and comple-tion of treatment services, including sub-stance abuse and mental health services among those assessed as needing such serv-ices; ‘‘(J) increased enrollment in and degrees earned from educational programs, including high school, GED, vocational training, and college education; ‘‘(K) increased number of individuals ob-taining and retaining employment; ‘‘(L) increased number of individuals ob-taining and maintaining housing; ‘‘(M) increased self-reports of successful community living, including stability of liv-ing situation and positive family relation-ships; ‘‘(N) reduction in drug and alcohol use; and ‘‘(O) reduction in recidivism rates for indi-viduals receiving reentry services after re-lease, as compared to either baseline recidi-vism rates in the jurisdiction of the grantee or recidivism rates of the control or com-parison group.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘facili-ties.’’ and inserting ‘‘facilities, including a cost-benefit analysis to determine the cost effectiveness of the reentry program.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; (7) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘this section’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; (8) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘begin-ning on the date on which the most recent implementation grant is made to the grantee under subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘2-year period’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘over a 2- year period’’ and inserting ‘‘during the 2- year period described in paragraph (2)’’; (9) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘appro-priated’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriated $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (10) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘reentry court’ means a program that— ‘‘(1) monitors juvenile and adult eligible offenders reentering the community; ‘‘(2) provides continual judicial super-vision; ‘‘(3) provides juvenile and adult eligible of-fenders reentering the community with co-ordinated and comprehensive reentry serv-ices and programs, such as— ‘‘(A) drug and alcohol testing and assess-ment for treatment; ‘‘(B) assessment for substance abuse from a substance abuse professional who is approved by the State or Indian tribe and licensed by the appropriate entity to provide alcohol and drug addiction treatment, as appropriate; ‘‘(C) substance abuse treatment, including medication-assisted treatment, from a pro-vider that is approved by the State or Indian tribe, and licensed, if necessary, to provide medical and other health services; ‘‘(D) health (including mental health) serv-ices and assessment; ‘‘(E) aftercare and case management serv-ices that— ‘‘(i) facilitate access to clinical care and related health services; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate with such clinical care and related health services; and ‘‘(F) any other services needed for reentry; ‘‘(4) convenes community impact panels, victim impact panels, or victim impact edu-cational classes; ‘‘(5) provides and coordinates the delivery of community services to juvenile and adult eligible offenders, including— ‘‘(A) housing assistance; ‘‘(B) education; ‘‘(C) job training; ‘‘(D) conflict resolution skills training; ‘‘(E) batterer intervention programs; and ‘‘(F) other appropriate social services; and ‘‘(6) establishes and implements graduated sanctions and incentives.’’. (b) GRANTS FOR FAMILY -BASED SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE TREATMENT .—Part DD of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2921 (34 U.S.C. 10591), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations,’’ before ‘‘and In-dian’’; (2) in section 2923 (34 U.S.C. 10593), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATIONS .—The Attor-ney General shall give priority consideration to grant applications for grants under sec-tion 2921 that are submitted by a nonprofit organization that demonstrates a relation-ship with State and local criminal justice agencies, including— ‘‘(1) within the judiciary and prosecutorial agencies; or ‘‘(2) with the local corrections agencies, which shall be documented by a written agreement that details the terms of access to facilities and participants and provides in-formation on the history of the organization of working with correctional populations.’’; and (3) by striking section 2926(a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (c) G
RANT PROGRAM TOEVALUATE AND IM-
PROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS , J
AILS, AND JUVENILE FACILITIES .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) by striking the second part designated as part JJ, as added by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 677), relating to grants to evaluate and improve educational methods at prisons, jails, and ju-venile facilities; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART NN—GRANT PROGRAM TO EVALU-ATE AND IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS, JAILS, AND JU-VENILE FACILITIES 
‘‘SEC. 3041. GRANT PROGRAM TO EVALUATE AND IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS, JAILS, AND JUVENILE FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) G RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney General may carry out a grant pro-gram under which the Attorney General may make grants to States, units of local govern-ment, territories, Indian Tribes, and other public and private entities to— ‘‘(1) evaluate methods to improve academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(2) identify, and make recommendations to the Attorney General regarding, best practices relating to academic and voca-tional education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities, based on the evaluation under paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) improve the academic and vocational education programs (including technology career training) available to offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; and ‘‘(4) implement methods to improve aca-demic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities con-sistent with the best practices identified in subsection (c). ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant under this part, a State or other entity described in subsection (a) shall submit to the Attorney General an application in such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7610 December 13, 2018 
form and manner, at such time, and accom-panied by such information as the Attorney General specifies. ‘‘(c) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Sec-ond Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Attorney General shall identify and publish best practices relating to academic and voca-tional education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities. The best prac-tices shall consider the evaluations per-formed and recommendations made under grants made under subsection (a) before the date of enactment of the Second Chance Re-authorization Act of 2018. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of the final fiscal year of a grant under this part, each entity described in sub-section (a) receiving such a grant shall sub-mit to the Attorney General a detailed re-port of the progress made by the entity using such grant, to permit the Attorney General to evaluate and improve academic and voca-tional education methods carried out with grants under this part.’’; and (3) in section 1001(a) of part J of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) There are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out section 3031(a)(4) of part NN $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. (d) C
AREERS TRAINING DEMONSTRATION  G
RANTS .—Section 115 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60511) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
TECH -
NOLOGY CAREERS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CAREERS ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘and Indian’’ and inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations, and Indian’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘technology career training to prisoners’’ and inserting ‘‘career training, including subsidized employment, when part of a training program, to prisoners and reen-tering youth and adults’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘technology careers train-ing’’; (B) by striking ‘‘technology-based’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, as well as upon transi-tion and reentry into the community’’ after ‘‘facility’’; (4) by striking subsection (e); (5) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (6) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—Priority consideration shall be given to any applica-tion under this section that— ‘‘(1) provides assessment of local demand for employees in the geographic areas to which offenders are likely to return; ‘‘(2) conducts individualized reentry career planning upon the start of incarceration or post-release employment planning for each offender served under the grant; ‘‘(3) demonstrates connections to employ-ers within the local community; or ‘‘(4) tracks and monitors employment out-comes.’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. (e) O
FFENDER REENTRY SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE COLLABORATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 201(f)(1) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60521(f)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (f) C
OMMUNITY -BASED MENTORING AND  T
RANSITIONAL SERVICE GRANTS TO NONPROFIT  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 211 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60531) is amend-ed— (A) in the header, by striking ‘‘
MENTORING  
GRANTS TO NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
COMMUNITY -BASED MENTORING AND  
TRANSITIONAL SERVICE GRANTS TO NONPROFIT  
ORGANIZATIONS ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘men-toring and other’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) transitional services to assist in the reintegration of offenders into the commu-nity, including— ‘‘(A) educational, literacy, and vocational, services and the Transitional Jobs strategy; ‘‘(B) substance abuse treatment and serv-ices; ‘‘(C) coordinated supervision and services for offenders, including physical health care and comprehensive housing and mental health care; ‘‘(D) family services; and ‘‘(E) validated assessment tools to assess the risk factors of returning inmates; and’’; and (D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 657) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 211 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 211. Community-based mentoring and transitional service grants.’’. (g) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60502) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act— ‘‘(1) the term ‘exoneree’ means an indi-vidual who— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of a Federal, trib-al, or State offense that is punishable by a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year; ‘‘(B) has served a term of imprisonment for not less than 6 months in a Federal, tribal, or State prison or correctional facility as a result of the conviction described in subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(C) has been determined to be factually innocent of the offense described in subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the mean-ing given in section 901 of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10251); ‘‘(3) the term ‘offender’ includes an exoneree; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Transitional Jobs strategy’ means an employment strategy for youth and adults who are chronically unemployed or those that have barriers to employment that— ‘‘(A) is conducted by State, tribal, and local governments, State, tribal, and local workforce boards, and nonprofit organiza-tions; ‘‘(B) provides time-limited employment using individual placements, team place-ments, and social enterprise placements, without displacing existing employees; ‘‘(C) pays wages in accordance with appli-cable law, but in no event less than the high-er of the rate specified in section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)) or the applicable State or local minimum wage law, which are sub-sidized, in whole or in part, by public funds; ‘‘(D) combines time-limited employment with activities that promote skill develop-ment, remove barriers to employment, and lead to unsubsidized employment such as a thorough orientation and individual assess-ment, job readiness and life skills training, case management and supportive services, adult education and training, child support- related services, job retention support and incentives, and other similar activities; ‘‘(E) places participants into unsubsidized employment; and ‘‘(F) provides job retention, re-employment services, and continuing and vocational edu-cation to ensure continuing participation in unsubsidized employment and identification of opportunities for advancement.’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 657) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 4 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 4. Definitions.’’. (h) E
XTENSION OF THE LENGTH OF SECTION  2976 G
RANTS .—Section 6(1) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60504(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or under section 2976 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631)’’ after ‘‘and 212’’. 
SEC. 503. AUDIT AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF GRANTEES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered grant program’’ means grants awarded under section 115, 201, or 211 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60511, 60521, and 60531), as amended by this title; (2) the term ‘‘covered grantee’’ means a re-cipient of a grant from a covered grant pro-gram; (3) the term ‘‘nonprofit’’, when used with respect to an organization, means an organi-zation that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (4) the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in a final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that a covered grant-ee has used grant funds awarded to that grantee under a covered grant program for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved during a 12-month period prior to the date on which the final audit report is issued. (b) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fis-cal year 2019, and annually thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds awarded under covered grant programs. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of covered grantees to be au-dited each year. (c) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A grantee that is found to have an unresolved audit finding under an audit conducted under subsection (b) may not receive grant funds under a cov-ered grant program in the fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year to which the finding relates. (d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a covered grantee is awarded funds under the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during the 1-fiscal-year period during which the covered grantee is ineligible for an allocation of grant funds under subsection (c), the Attorney General shall— (1) deposit into the General Fund of the Treasury an amount that is equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the covered grantee; and (2) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the Fund from the covered grantee that was improperly awarded the grant funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7611 December 13, 2018 
(e) P RIORITY OF GRANT AWARDS .—The At- torney General, in awarding grants under a covered grant program shall give priority to eligible entities that during the 2-year pe-riod preceding the application for a grant have not been found to have an unresolved audit finding. (f) N
ONPROFIT REQUIREMENTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—A nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall not be eligible to receive, di-rectly or indirectly, any funds from a cov-ered grant program. (2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is a covered grantee shall disclose in its application for such a grant, as a con-dition of receipt of such a grant, the com-pensation of its officers, directors, and trust-ees. Such disclosure shall include a descrip-tion of the criteria relied on to determine such compensation. (g) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts made available under a covered grant program may not be used by any covered grantee to— (A) lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (B) lobby any representative of the Federal Government or a State, local, or tribal gov-ernment regarding the award of grant fund-ing. (2) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that a covered grantee has violated paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) require the covered grantee to repay the grant in full; and (B) prohibit the covered grantee from re-ceiving a grant under the covered grant pro-gram from which it received a grant award during at least the 5-year period beginning on the date of such violation. 
SEC. 504. FEDERAL REENTRY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) R ESPONSIBLE REINTEGRATION OF OF-
FENDERS .—Section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60532) is repealed. (b) F
EDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIA -
TIVE.—Section 231 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (434 U.S.C. 60541) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘carried out during fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and in-serting ‘‘carried out during fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘the greater of 10 years or’’; (2) by striking subsection (h); (3) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (h); and (4) in subsection (h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2009 and 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (c) E
NHANCING REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  P
ERTAINING TO COMMUNITY CORRECTIONS .— Section 3624(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘, and number of prisoners not being placed in community corrections fa-cilities for each reason set forth’’ before ‘‘, and any other information’’; and (2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (d) T
ERMINATION OF STUDY ON EFFECTIVE -
NESS OF DEPOT NALTREXONE FOR HEROIN AD-
DICTION .—Section 244 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60554) is repealed. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  R
ESEARCH .—Section 245 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60555) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘243, and 244’’ and inserting ‘‘and 243’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023’’. (f) FEDERAL PRISONER RECIDIVISM REDUC -
TION PROGRAMMING ENHANCEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 102(a) of this Act, is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (i); and (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) P
ARTNERSHIPS TOEXPAND ACCESS TO  R
EENTRY PROGRAMS PROVEN TOREDUCE RE-
CIDIVISM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘demonstrated to reduce recidivism’ means that the Direc-tor of Bureau of Prisons has determined that appropriate research has been conducted and has validated the effectiveness of the type of program on recidivism. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PARTNERSHIP .—A faith-based or community- based nonprofit organization that provides mentoring or other programs that have been demonstrated to reduce recidivism is eligible to enter into a recidivism reduction partner-ship with a prison or community-based facil-ity operated by the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(3) R
ECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop policies to require wardens of pris-ons and community-based facilities to enter into recidivism reduction partnerships with faith-based and community-based nonprofit organizations that are willing to provide, on a volunteer basis, programs described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to Congress an annual report on the last day of each fiscal year that— ‘‘(A) details, for each prison and commu-nity-based facility for the fiscal year just ended— ‘‘(i) the number of recidivism reduction partnerships under this section that were in effect; ‘‘(ii) the number of volunteers that pro-vided recidivism reduction programming; and ‘‘(iii) the number of recidivism reduction programming hours provided; and ‘‘(B) explains any disparities between fa-cilities in the numbers reported under sub-paragraph (A).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (g) R
EPEALS .— (1) Section 2978 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10633) is repealed. (2) Part CC of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10581 et seq.) is repealed. 
SEC. 505. FEDERAL INTERAGENCY REENTRY CO-ORDINATION. 
(a) R EENTRY COORDINATION .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Sec-retary of Labor, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, and the heads of such other agencies of the Federal Government as the Attorney General considers appropriate, and in collaboration with interested persons, service providers, nonprofit organizations, and State, tribal, and local governments, shall coordinate on Federal programs, poli-cies, and activities relating to the reentry of individuals returning from incarceration to the community, with an emphasis on evi-dence-based practices and protection against duplication of services. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretaries listed in subsection (a), shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the achievements under subsection (a), and in-cluding recommendations for Congress that would further reduce barriers to successful reentry. SEC. 506. CONFERENCE EXPENDITURES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this title, or any amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds under this title, or any amendments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for con-ferences that uses more than $20,000 in De-partment funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Gen-erals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. A conference that uses more than $20,000 in such funds, but less than an average of $500 in such funds for each attendee of the con-ference, shall not be subject to the limita-tions of this section. (b) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subsection (a) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the con-ference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (c) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this sec-tion. 
SEC. 507. EVALUATION OF THE SECOND CHANCE ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) E VALUATION OF THE SECOND CHANCE ACT G
RANT PROGRAM .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall evaluate the effectiveness of grants used by the De-partment of Justice to support offender re-entry and recidivism reduction programs at the State, local, Tribal, and Federal levels. The National Institute of Justice shall evaluate the following: (1) The effectiveness of such programs in relation to their cost, including the extent to which the programs improve reentry out-comes, including employment, education, housing, reductions in recidivism, of partici-pants in comparison to comparably situated individuals who did not participate in such programs and activities. (2) The effectiveness of program structures and mechanisms for delivery of services. (3) The impact of such programs on the communities and participants involved. (4) The impact of such programs on related programs and activities. (5) The extent to which such programs meet the needs of various demographic groups. (6) The quality and effectiveness of tech-nical assistance provided by the Department of Justice to grantees for implementing such programs. (7) Such other factors as may be appro-priate. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS FOR EVALUA -
TION.—Not more than 1 percent of any amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Second Chance Act grant pro-gram shall be made available to the National Institute of Justice each year to evaluate the processes, implementation, outcomes, costs, and effectiveness of the Second Chance Act grant program in improving reentry and reducing recidivism. Such funding may be used to provide support to grantees for sup-plemental data collection, analysis, and co-ordination associated with evaluation activi-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7612 December 13, 2018 
(c) T ECHNIQUES .—Evaluations conducted under this section shall use appropriate methodology and research designs. Impact evaluations conducted under this section shall include the use of intervention and con-trol groups chosen by random assignment methods, to the extent possible. (d) M
ETRICS AND OUTCOMES FOR EVALUA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall consult with relevant stakeholders and identify out-come measures, including employment, housing, education, and public safety, that are to be achieved by programs authorized under the Second Chance Act grant program and the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined. (2) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the National Insti-tute of Justice identifies metrics and out-comes under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall publish such metrics and out-comes identified. (e) D
ATA COLLECTION .—As a condition of award under the Second Chance Act grant program (including a subaward under section 3021(b) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10701(b))), grantees shall be required to col-lect and report to the Department of Justice data based upon the metrics identified under subsection (d). In accordance with applicable law, collection of individual-level data under a pledge of confidentiality shall be protected by the National Institute of Justice in ac-cordance with such pledge. (f) D
ATA ACCESSIBILITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall— (1) make data collected during the course of evaluation under this section available in de-identified form in such a manner that rea-sonably protects a pledge of confidentiality to participants under subsection (e); and (2) make identifiable data collected during the course of evaluation under this section available to qualified researchers for future research and evaluation, in accordance with applicable law. (g) P
UBLICATION AND REPORTING OF EVAL-
UATION FINDINGS .—The National Institute of Justice shall— (1) not later than 365 days after the date on which the enrollment of participants in an impact evaluation is completed, publish an interim report on such evaluation; (2) not later than 90 days after the date on which any evaluation is completed, publish and make publicly available such evaluation; and (3) not later than 60 days after the comple-tion date described in paragraph (2), submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on such evaluation. (h) S
ECOND CHANCE ACTGRANT PROGRAM  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Second Chance Act grant program’’ means any grant program reauthorized under this title and the amendments made by this title. 
SEC. 508. GAO REVIEW. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of the First Step Act of 2018 the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of all of the grant awards made under this title and amend-ments made by this title that includes— (1) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the reentry programs funded by grant awards under this title and amendments made by this title at reducing recidivism, including a determination of which reentry programs were most effective; (2) recommendations on how to improve the effectiveness of reentry programs, in-cluding those for which prisoners may earn time credits under the First Step Act of 2018; and (3) an evaluation of the effectiveness of mental health services, drug treatment, medical care, job training and placement, educational services, and vocational services programs funded under this title and amend-ments made by this title. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE SEC. 601. PLACEMENT OF PRISONERS CLOSE TO FAMILIES. 
Section 3621(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment, and shall, subject to bed availability, the prisoner’s security designa-tion, the prisoner’s programmatic needs, the prisoner’s mental and medical health needs, any request made by the prisoner related to faith-based needs, recommendations of the sentencing court, and other security con-cerns of the Bureau of Prisons, place the prisoner in a facility as close as practicable to the prisoner’s primary residence, and to the extent practicable, in a facility within 500 driving miles of that residence. The Bu-reau shall, subject to consideration of the factors described in the preceding sentence and the prisoner’s preference for staying at his or her current facility or being trans-ferred, transfer prisoners to facilities that are closer to the prisoner’s primary resi-dence even if the prisoner is already in a fa-cility within 500 driving miles of that resi-dence.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a designation of a place of imprison-ment under this subsection is not reviewable by any court.’’. 
SEC. 602. HOME CONFINEMENT FOR LOW-RISK PRISONERS. 
Section 3624(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Bureau of Prisons shall, to the extent practicable, place prisoners with lower risk levels and lower needs on home confinement for the maximum amount of time permitted under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 603. FEDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIA-TIVE REAUTHORIZATION; MODIFICA-TION OF IMPOSED TERM OF IMPRIS-ONMENT. 
(a) F EDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE  R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 231(g) of the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘elderly offenders’’ each place the term appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a Bu-reau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Prisons facilities’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facil-ity’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facili-ties’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, upon written request from either the Bureau of Prisons or an eligi-ble elderly offender or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘to home detention’’; and (D) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or eligi-ble terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘elderly of-fender’’; (3) in paragraph (3), as amended by section 504(b)(1)(A) of this Act, by striking ‘‘at least one Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; and (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘each eligible elderly of-fender’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘eligible elderly offend-ers’’; and (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), striking ‘‘65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘60 years of age’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), as amended by section 504(b)(1)(B) of this Act, by striking ‘‘75 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2⁄3’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
LIGIBLE TERMINALLY ILL OFFENDER .— The term ‘eligible terminally ill offender’ means an offender in the custody of the Bu-reau of Prisons who— ‘‘(i) is serving a term of imprisonment based on conviction for an offense or offenses that do not include any crime of violence (as defined in section 16(a) of title 18, United States Code), sex offense (as defined in sec-tion 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5))), of-fense described in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, or offense under chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) satisfies the criteria specified in clauses (iii) through (vii) of subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) has been determined by a medical doctor approved by the Bureau of Prisons to be— ‘‘(I) in need of care at a nursing home, in-termediate care facility, or assisted living facility, as those terms are defined in section 232 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w); or ‘‘(II) diagnosed with a terminal illness.’’. (b) I
NCREASING THE USE AND TRANSPARENCY  
OFCOMPASSIONATE RELEASE .—Section 3582 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘Bu-reau of Prisons,’’ the following: ‘‘or upon mo-tion of the defendant after the defendant has fully exhausted all administrative rights to appeal a failure of the Bureau of Prisons to bring a motion on the defendant’s behalf or the lapse of 30 days from the receipt of such a request by the warden of the defendant’s facility, whichever is earlier,’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINAL ILLNESS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘terminal illness’ means a disease or condition with an end-of-life tra-jectory. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Bureau of Prisons shall, subject to any applicable confiden-tiality requirements— ‘‘(A) in the case of a defendant diagnosed with a terminal illness— ‘‘(i) not later than 72 hours after the diag-nosis notify the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members of the defendant’s condition and inform the defendant’s attor-ney, partner, and family members that they may prepare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) not later than 7 days after the date of the diagnosis, provide the defendant’s part-ner and family members (including extended family) with an opportunity to visit the de-fendant in person; ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or a family member, ensure that Bureau of Prisons employees as-sist the defendant in the preparation, draft-ing, and submission of a request for a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7613 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(iv) not later than 14 days of receipt of a request for a sentence reduction submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant or the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member, process the request; ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant who is phys-ically or mentally unable to submit a re-quest for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A)— ‘‘(i) inform the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members that they may pre-pare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) accept and process a request for sen-tence reduction that has been prepared and submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or family member, en-sure that Bureau of Prisons employees assist the defendant in the preparation, drafting, and submission of a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(C) ensure that all Bureau of Prisons fa-cilities regularly and visibly post, including in prisoner handbooks, staff training mate-rials, and facility law libraries and medical and hospice facilities, and make available to prisoners upon demand, notice of— ‘‘(i) a defendant’s ability to request a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) the procedures and timelines for initi-ating and resolving requests described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) the right to appeal a denial of a re-quest described in clause (i) after all admin-istrative rights to appeal within the Bureau of Prisons have been exhausted. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and once every year thereafter, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall sub-mit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on requests for sentence reductions pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A), which shall include a description of, for the previous year— ‘‘(A) the number of prisoners granted and denied sentence reductions, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(B) the number of requests initiated by or on behalf of prisoners, categorized by the cri-teria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(C) the number of requests that Bureau of Prisons employees assisted prisoners in drafting, preparing, or submitting, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(D) the number of requests that attor-neys, partners, or family members submitted on a defendant’s behalf, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduc-tion in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(E) the number of requests approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(F) the number of requests denied by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the reasons given for each denial, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(G) for each request, the time elapsed be-tween the date the request was received by the warden and the final decision, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(H) for each request, the number of pris-oners who died while their request was pend-ing and, for each, the amount of time that had elapsed between the date the request was received by the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(I) the number of Bureau of Prisons noti-fications to attorneys, partners, and family members of their right to visit a terminally ill defendant as required under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) and, for each, whether a visit oc-curred and how much time elapsed between the notification and the visit; ‘‘(J) the number of visits to terminally ill prisoners that were denied by the Bureau of Prisons due to security or other concerns, and the reasons given for each denial; and ‘‘(K) the number of motions filed by de-fendants with the court after all administra-tive rights to appeal a denial of a sentence reduction had been exhausted, the outcome of each motion, and the time that had elapsed between the date the request was first received by the Bureau of Prisons and the date the defendant filed the motion with the court.’’. SEC. 604. IDENTIFICATION FOR RETURNING CITI-ZENS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION AND RELEASE ASSIST -
ANCE FOR FEDERAL PRISONERS .—Section 231(b) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to release from a term of imprison-ment in a Federal prison or if the individual was not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term in community confine-ment, including’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or birth certificate) prior to release’’ and inserting ‘‘and a birth cer-tificate’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘community confinement’ means resi-dence in a community treatment center, halfway house, restitution center, mental health facility, alcohol or drug rehabilita-tion center, or other community facility.’’. (b) D
UTIES OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS .— Section 4042(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (D) and (E) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (2) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Social Security Cards,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (C) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) obtain identification, including a so-cial security card, driver’s license or other official photo identification, and a birth cer-tificate; and’’; (D) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by inserting after ‘‘prior to release’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘from a sentence to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison or if the indi-vidual was not sentenced to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term of community con-finement’’; and (E) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) (as so amended) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (3) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by redesignating clauses (i) through (vii) as sub-paragraphs (A) through (G), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly. 
SEC. 605. EXPANDING INMATE EMPLOYMENT THROUGH FEDERAL PRISON INDUS-TRIES. 
(a) N EWMARKET AUTHORIZATIONS .—Chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 4130. Additional markets ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), notwithstanding any other provision of law, Federal Prison Industries may sell products to— ‘‘(1) public entities for use in penal or cor-rectional institutions; ‘‘(2) public entities for use in disaster relief or emergency response; ‘‘(3) the government of the District of Co-lumbia; and ‘‘(4) any organization described in sub-section (c)(3), (c)(4), or (d) of section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE FURNITURE .—Federal Prison Industries may not sell office furniture to the organizations described in subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘office furniture’ means any product or service offering intended to meet the furnishing needs of the workplace, in-cluding office, healthcare, educational, and hospitality environments. ‘‘(2) The term ‘public entity’ means a State, a subdivision of a State, an Indian tribe, and an agency or governmental cor-poration or business of any of the foregoing. ‘‘(3) The term ‘State’ means a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘4130. Additional markets.’’. (c) D
EFERRED COMPENSATION .—Section 4126(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘operations,’’ the following: ‘‘not less than 15 percent of such compensation for any inmate shall be re-served in the fund or a separate account and made available to assist the inmate with costs associated with release from prison,’’. (d) GAO R
EPORT .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of Federal Prison Industries that includes the fol-lowing: (1) An evaluation of Federal Prison Industries’s effectiveness in reducing recidi-vism compared to other rehabilitative pro-grams in the prison system. (2) An evaluation of the scope and size of the additional markets made available to Federal Prison Industries under this section and the total market value that would be opened up to Federal Prison Industries for competition with private sector providers of products and services. (3) An evaluation of whether the following factors create an unfair competitive environ-ment between Federal Prison Industries and private sector providers of products and serv-ices which would be exacerbated by further expansion: (A) Federal Prison Industries’s status as a mandatory source of supply for Federal agencies and the requirement that the buy-ing agency must obtain a waiver in order to make a competitive purchase from the pri-vate sector if the item to be acquired is list-ed on the schedule of products and services published by Federal Prison Industries. (B) Federal Prison Industries’s ability to determine that the price to be paid by Fed-eral Agencies is fair and reasonable, rather than such a determination being made by the buying agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7614 December 13, 2018 
(C) An examination of the extent to which Federal Prison Industries is bound by the re-quirements of the generally applicable Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation pertaining to the conformity of the delivered product with the specified design and performance speci-fications and adherence to the delivery schedule required by the Federal agency, based on the transactions being categorized as interagency transfers. (D) An examination of the extent to which Federal Prison Industries avoids trans-actions that are little more than pass through transactions where the work pro-vided by inmates does not create meaningful value or meaningful work opportunities for inmates. (E) The extent to which Federal Prison In-dustries must comply with the same worker protection, workplace safety and similar reg-ulations applicable to, and enforceable against, Federal contractors. (F) The wages Federal Prison Industries pays to inmates, taking into account inmate productivity and other factors such as secu-rity concerns associated with having a facil-ity in a prison. (G) The effect of any additional cost advan-tages Federal Prison Industries has over pri-vate sector providers of goods and services, including— (i) the costs absorbed by the Bureau of Prisons such as inmate medical care and in-frastructure expenses including real estate and utilities; and (ii) its exemption from Federal and State income taxes and property taxes. (4) An evaluation of the extent to which the customers of Federal Prison Industries are satisfied with quality, price, and timely delivery of the products and services pro-vided it provides, including summaries of other independent assessments such as re-ports of agency inspectors general, if appli-cable. 
SEC. 606. DE-ESCALATION TRAINING. 
Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall incorporate into training programs provided to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons (in-cluding officers and employees of an organi-zation with which the Bureau of Prisons has a contract to provide services relating to im-prisonment) specialized and comprehensive training in procedures to— (1) de-escalate encounters between a law enforcement officer or an officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons, and a civilian or a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act); and (2) identify and appropriately respond to incidents that involve the unique needs of in-dividuals who have a mental illness or cog-nitive deficit. 
SEC. 607. EVIDENCE-BASED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON EVIDENCE -BASED TREATMENT  
FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and of the House of Rep-resentatives a report assessing the avail-ability of and the capacity of the Bureau of Prisons to treat heroin and opioid abuse through evidence-based programs, including medication-assisted treatment where appro-priate. In preparing the report, the Director shall consider medication-assisted treatment as a strategy to assist in treatment where appropriate and not as a replacement for ho-listic and other drug-free approaches. The re-port shall include a description of plans to expand access to evidence-based treatment for heroin and opioid abuse for prisoners, in-cluding access to medication-assisted treat-ment in appropriate cases. Following sub-mission, the Director shall take steps to im-plement these plans. (b) REPORT ON THE AVAILABILITY OF MEDI-
CATION -ASSISTED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND  H
EROIN ABUSE , AND IMPLEMENTATION THERE -
OF.—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the avail-ability of and capacity for the provision of medication-assisted treatment for opioid and heroin abuse by treatment service providers serving prisoners who are serving a term of supervised release, and including a descrip-tion of plans to expand access to medication- assisted treatment for heroin and opioid abuse whenever appropriate among prisoners under supervised release. Following submis-sion, the Director will take steps to imple-ment these plans. 
SEC. 608. PILOT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau of Prisons shall establish each of the following pilot programs for 5 years, in at least 20 facilities: (1) M
ENTORSHIP FOR YOUTH .—A program to pair youth with volunteers from faith-based or community organizations, which may in-clude formerly incarcerated offenders, that have relevant experience or expertise in mentoring, and a willingness to serve as a mentor in such a capacity. (2) S
ERVICE TO ABANDONED , RESCUED , OR 
OTHERWISE VULNERABLE ANIMALS .—A pro- gram to equip prisoners with the skills to provide training and therapy to animals seized by Federal law enforcement under asset forfeiture authority and to organiza-tions that provide shelter and similar serv-ices to abandoned, rescued, or otherwise vul-nerable animals. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the conclusion of the pilot programs, the Attorney General shall report to Congress on the results of the pilot pro-grams under this section. Such report shall include cost savings, numbers of partici-pants, and information about recidivism rates among participants. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this title, the term ‘‘youth’’ means a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act) who was 21 years of age or younger at the time of the commission or alleged commission of the criminal offense for which the individual is being prosecuted or serving a term of imprisonment, as the case may be. 
SEC. 609. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and in-serting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 610. DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) N ATIONAL PRISONER STATISTICS PRO-
GRAM .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, pursuant to the authority under section 302 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3732), the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, with information that shall be provided by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, shall include in the National Pris-oner Statistics Program the following: (1) The number of prisoners (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act) who are veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. (2) The number of prisoners who have been placed in solitary confinement at any time during the previous year. (3) The number of female prisoners known by the Bureau of Prisons to be pregnant, as well as the outcomes of such pregnancies, in-cluding information on pregnancies that re-sult in live birth, stillbirth, miscarriage, abortion, ectopic pregnancy, maternal death, neonatal death, and preterm birth. (4) The number of prisoners who volun-teered to participate in a substance abuse treatment program, and the number of pris-oners who have participated in such a pro-gram. (5) The number of prisoners provided medi-cation-assisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administra-tion while in custody in order to treat sub-stance use disorder. (6) The number of prisoners who were re-ceiving medication-assisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administration prior to the commencement of their term of imprisonment. (7) The number of prisoners who are the parent or guardian of a minor child. (8) The number of prisoners who are single, married, or otherwise in a committed rela-tionship. (9) The number of prisoners who have not achieved a GED, high school diploma, or equivalent prior to entering prison. (10) The number of prisoners who, during the previous year, received their GED or other equivalent certificate while incarcer-ated. (11) The numbers of prisoners for whom English is a second language. (12) The number of incidents, during the previous year, in which restraints were used on a female prisoner during pregnancy, labor, or postpartum recovery, as well as in-formation relating to the type of restraints used, and the circumstances under which each incident occurred. (13) The vacancy rate for medical and healthcare staff positions, and average length of such a vacancy. (14) The number of facilities that operated, at any time during the previous year, with-out at least 1 clinical nurse, certified para-medic, or licensed physician on site. (15) The number of facilities that during the previous year were accredited by the American Correctional Association. (16) The number and type of recidivism re-duction partnerships described in section 3621(h)(5) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(a) of this Act, entered into by each facility. (17) The number of facilities with remote learning capabilities. (18) The number of facilities that offer prisoners video conferencing. (19) Any changes in costs related to legal phone calls and visits following implementa-tion of section 3632(d)(1) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (20) The number of aliens in prison during the previous year. (21) For each Bureau of Prisons facility, the total number of violations that resulted in reductions in rewards, incentives, or time credits, the number of such violations for each category of violation, and the demo-graphic breakdown of the prisoners who have received such reductions. (22) The number of assaults on Bureau of Prisons staff by prisoners and the number of criminal prosecutions of prisoners for as-saulting Bureau of Prisons staff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7615 December 13, 2018 
(23) The capacity of each recidivism reduc-tion program and productive activity to ac-commodate eligible inmates at each Bureau of Prisons facility. (24) The number of volunteers who were certified to volunteer in a Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by level (level I and level II), and by each Bureau of Prisons facil-ity. (25) The number of prisoners enrolled in re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities at each Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by risk level and by program, and the number of those enrolled prisoners who successfully completed each program. (26) The breakdown of prisoners classified at each risk level by demographic character-istics, including age, sex, race, and the length of the sentence imposed. (b) R
EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .—Be- ginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 7 years, the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Justice Statistics shall submit a report containing the information described in paragraphs (1) through (26) of subsection (a) to the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 611. HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall make the healthcare products described in subsection (c) available to prisoners for free, in a quantity that is ap-propriate to the healthcare needs of each prisoner. (b) Q
UALITY PRODUCTS .—The Director shall ensure that the healthcare products provided under this section conform with applicable industry standards. (c) P
RODUCTS .—The healthcare products de-scribed in this subsection are tampons and sanitary napkins. 
SEC. 612. ADULT AND JUVENILE COLLABORA-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2991 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10651) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘may use up to 3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall use not less than 6 percent’’; and (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) C
OLLABORATION SET-ASIDE .—The At- torney General shall use not less than 8 per-cent of funds appropriated to provide tech-nical assistance to State and local govern-ments receiving grants under this part to foster collaboration between such govern-ments in furtherance of the purposes set forth in section 3 of the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 10651 note).’’. 
SEC. 613. JUVENILE SOLITARY CONFINEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 403 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5043. Juvenile solitary confinement ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered juvenile’ means— ‘‘(A) a juvenile who— ‘‘(i) is being proceeded against under this chapter for an alleged act of juvenile delin-quency; or ‘‘(ii) has been adjudicated delinquent under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) a juvenile who is being proceeded against as an adult in a district court of the United States for an alleged criminal of-fense; ‘‘(2) the term ‘juvenile facility’ means any facility where covered juveniles are— ‘‘(A) committed pursuant to an adjudica-tion of delinquency under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) detained prior to disposition or con-viction; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘room confinement’ means the involuntary placement of a covered juve-nile alone in a cell, room, or other area for any reason. ‘‘(b) PROHIBITION ON ROOM CONFINEMENT IN  J
UVENILE FACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The use of room confine-ment at a juvenile facility for discipline, punishment, retaliation, or any reason other than as a temporary response to a covered juvenile’s behavior that poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to any indi-vidual, including the covered juvenile, is pro-hibited. ‘‘(2) J
UVENILES POSING RISK OF HARM .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT TO USE LEAST RESTRIC -
TIVE TECHNIQUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Before a staff member of a juvenile facility places a covered juvenile in room confinement, the staff member shall attempt to use less restrictive techniques, including— ‘‘(I) talking with the covered juvenile in an attempt to de-escalate the situation; and ‘‘(II) permitting a qualified mental health professional to talk to the covered juvenile. ‘‘(ii) E
XPLANATION .—If, after attempting to use less restrictive techniques as required under clause (i), a staff member of a juvenile facility decides to place a covered juvenile in room confinement, the staff member shall first— ‘‘(I) explain to the covered juvenile the reasons for the room confinement; and ‘‘(II) inform the covered juvenile that re-lease from room confinement will occur— ‘‘(aa) immediately when the covered juve-nile regains self-control, as described in sub-paragraph (B)(i); or ‘‘(bb) not later than after the expiration of the time period described in subclause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (B)(ii), as applicable. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM PERIOD OF CONFINEMENT .—If a covered juvenile is placed in room confine-ment because the covered juvenile poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to himself or herself, or to others, the cov-ered juvenile shall be released— ‘‘(i) immediately when the covered juvenile has sufficiently gained control so as to no longer engage in behavior that threatens se-rious and immediate risk of physical harm to himself or herself, or to others; or ‘‘(ii) if a covered juvenile does not suffi-ciently gain control as described in clause (i), not later than— ‘‘(I) 3 hours after being placed in room con-finement, in the case of a covered juvenile who poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to others; or ‘‘(II) 30 minutes after being placed in room confinement, in the case of a covered juve-nile who poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm only to himself or herself. ‘‘(C) R
ISK OF HARM AFTER MAXIMUM PERIOD  
OF CONFINEMENT .—If, after the applicable maximum period of confinement under sub-clause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (B)(ii) has expired, a covered juvenile continues to pose a serious and immediate risk of physical harm described in that subclause— ‘‘(i) the covered juvenile shall be trans-ferred to another juvenile facility or internal location where services can be provided to the covered juvenile without relying on room confinement; or ‘‘(ii) if a qualified mental health profes-sional believes the level of crisis service needed is not currently available, a staff member of the juvenile facility shall initiate a referral to a location that can meet the needs of the covered juvenile. ‘‘(D) S
PIRIT AND PURPOSE .—The use of con-secutive periods of room confinement to evade the spirit and purpose of this sub-section shall be prohibited.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 403 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5043. Juvenile solitary confinement.’’. 
SA 4109. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. K
ENNEDY (for himself and Mr. C OTTON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4108 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) to the bill S. 756, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international ac-tion to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: Redesignate section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, as section 3636. After section 3634 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3635. NOTIFICATION. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(1) notify each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released or if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, next of kin of a victim; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available the rearrest data of each prisoner, the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned, and any prior of-fense for which the prisoner was imprisoned, broken down by State, of any prisoner in prerelease custody or supervised release under section 3624.’’. In section 3624(g)(1) of title 18, as added by section 102(b)(1)(B) of this Act, add at the be-ginning of subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(B) has been certified by the warden that the prisoner has been determined by the war-den to have the programmatic, security, and reentry needs of the prisoner best met by being placed in prerelease custody or super-vised release, after the warden— ‘‘(i) has notified each victim of the offense for which the prisoner is imprisoned of such potential placement (or, if no victim can be notified due to death or injury, the next of kin of a victim); and ‘‘(ii) has reviewed any statement regarding such placement made by the victim or next of kin of the victim, as applicable, after the notification described in clause (i); and In section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, add at the end the following: ‘‘(lxiii) Section 2422, relating to coercion and enticement. ‘‘(lxiv) Section 249, relating to hate crimes. ‘‘(lxv) Section 752, relating to instigating or aiding escape from Federal custody. ‘‘(lxvi) Subsection (a) or (d) of section 2113, relating to bank robbery involving violence or risk of death. ‘‘(lxvii) Section 2119(1), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’). ‘‘(lxviii) Section 111(a), relating to assault-ing, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees. ‘‘(lxix) Any of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 113(a), relating to assault with intent to commit any felony (except murder or a violation of section 2241 or 2242), assault with a dangerous weapon, assault by striking, beating, or wounding, assault against a child, or assault resulting in serious bodily injury. ‘‘(lxx) Any offense described in section 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5)) that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.084 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7616 December 13, 2018 
not otherwise listed in this subsection, relat-ing to sex offenses, for which the offender is sentenced to a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year. ‘‘(lxxi) Any offense that is not otherwise listed in this subsection for which the of-fender is sentenced to a term of imprison-ment of more than 1 year, and— ‘‘(I) has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another, or ‘‘(II) that, based on the facts of the offense, involved a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of an-other may have been used in the course of committing the offense. 
SA 4110. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to re-strictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 3, line 9, strike ‘‘, as of said date,’’ and insert ‘‘, as of the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018,’’. At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION PROVIDING FOR NO RETROACTIVITY. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to re-vise or extend the restricted status of any lands under the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458) that lost restricted status under such Act before the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SA 4111. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3461, to amend the PROTECT Act to expand the national AMBER Alert system to territories of the United States, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 9, strike line 22 and all that fol-lows through page 10, line 16. 
SA 4112. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B
ARRASSO ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2827, to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Since 1999, the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Foundation’’) has operated the Parks in Focus program to provide op-portunities for the youth of the United States to learn about and experience the Na-tion’s parks and wilderness, and other out-door areas. (2) Since 2001, the Foundation has con-ducted research and provided education and training to Native American and Alaska Na-tive professionals and leaders on Native American and Alaska Native health care issues and tribal public policy through the Native Nations Institute for Leadership, Management, and Policy. (3) The Foundation is committed to con-tinuing to make a substantial contribution toward public policy in the future by— (A) playing a significant role in developing the next generation of environmental, public health, public lands, natural resource, and Native American leaders; and (B) working with current leaders to im-prove collaboration and decision-making on challenging environmental, energy, public health, and related economic problems and tribal governance and economic development issues. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Udall Center for Studies in Public Policy estab-lished at the University of Arizona in 1987’’ and inserting ‘‘the Udall Center for Studies in Public Policy established in 1987 at the University of Arizona, and includes the Na-tive Nations Institute’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (4) through (8), (11), and (12), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) the term ‘collaboration’ means to work in partnership with other entities for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) resolving disputes; ‘‘(B) addressing issues that may cause or result in disputes; or ‘‘(C) streamlining and enhancing Federal, State, or tribal environmental and natural resource decision-making processes or proce-dures that may result in a dispute or con-flict;’’; (4) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution’’ and inserting ‘‘John S. McCain III United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolu-tion’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 7(a)(1)(D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 7(a)(1)(B)’’; (5) in paragraph (8), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 101(a)’’; and (6) by inserting after paragraph (8), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(9) the term ‘Nation’s parks and wilder-ness’ means units of the National Park Sys-tem and components of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; ‘‘(10) the term ‘Native Nations Institute’ means the Native Nations Institute for Lead-ership, Management, and Policy established at the University of Arizona in 2001;’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(5)(B) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5601(5)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the United States In-stitute for Environmental Conflict Resolu-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘the Institute’’. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDA-TION. 
Section 5(e) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5603(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘Arizona.’’ and inserting ‘‘Arizona and the District of Columbia.’’. 
SEC. 4. PURPOSE OF THE FOUNDATION. 
Section 6 of the Morris K. Udall and Stew-art L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5604) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘establish a Program for Environmental Policy Re-search and Environmental Conflict Resolu-tion and Training at the Center’’ and insert-ing ‘‘establish a program for environmental policy research at the Center and a program for environmental conflict resolution and training at the John S. McCain III United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, natural resource, conflict resolution,’’ after ‘‘envi-ronmental’’; (3) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘at the Native Nations In-stitute’’ after ‘‘develop resources’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘providing education to and’’ after ‘‘policy, by’’; and (4) in paragraph (8)— (A) by inserting ‘‘John S. McCain III’’ be-fore ‘‘United States Institute for Environ-mental Conflict Resolution’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘resolve environmental’’ and inserting ‘‘resolve environmental issues, conflicts, and’’. SEC. 5. AUTHORITY OF THE FOUNDATION. 
Section 7 of the Morris K. Udall and Stew-art L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5605) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL PROGRAMMING AUTHORITY .— The Foundation is authorized to identify and conduct, directly or by contract, such pro-grams, activities, and services as the Foun-dation considers appropriate to carry out the purposes described in section 6, which may include— ‘‘(i) awarding scholarships, fellowships, in-ternships, and grants, by national competi-tion or other method, to eligible individuals, as determined by the Foundation and in ac-cordance with paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), for study in fields related to the environment or Native American and Alaska Native health care and tribal policy; ‘‘(ii) funding the Center to carry out and manage other programs, activities, and serv-ices; and ‘‘(iii) other education programs that the Board determines are consistent with the purposes for which the Foundation is estab-lished.’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘I
NSTITUTE FOR ENVIRONMENTAL CONFLICT  
RESOLUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘J OHNS. M CCAIN III U
NITED STATES INSTITUTE FOR ENVIRON -
MENTAL CONFLICT RESOLUTION ’’; (II) in clause (i)— (aa) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘John S. McCain III’’ before ‘‘United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution’’; and (bb) in subclause (II)— (AA) by inserting ‘‘collaboration,’’ after ‘‘mediation,’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘to resolve environmental disputes.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘to resolve— ‘‘(aa) environmental disputes; and ‘‘(bb) Federal, State, or tribal environ-mental or natural resource decision-making processes or procedures that may result in a dispute or conflict that may cause or result in disputes.’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘collabora-tion,’’ after ‘‘mediation,’’; (B) by striking paragraph (5); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) P
ARKS IN FOCUS .—The Foundation shall— ‘‘(A) identify and invite the participation of youth throughout the United States to enjoy the Nation’s parks and wilderness and other outdoor areas, in an education pro-gram intended to carry out the purpose of paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6; and ‘‘(B) provide training and education pro-grams and activities to teach Federal em-ployees, natural resource professionals, ele-mentary and secondary school educators, and others to work with youth to promote the use and enjoyment of the Nation’s parks and wilderness and other outdoor areas. ‘‘(6) S
PECIFIC PROGRAMS .—The Foundation shall assist in the development and imple-mentation of programs at the Center— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.086 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7617 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(A) to provide for an annual meeting of experts to discuss contemporary environ-mental issues; ‘‘(B) to conduct environmental policy re-search; and ‘‘(C) to promote dialogue with visiting pol-icymakers on environmental, natural re-source, and public lands issues.’’; (E) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Morris K. Udall’s papers’’ and inserting ‘‘the papers of Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) N
ATIVE NATIONS INSTITUTE .—The Foun-dation shall provide direct or indirect assist-ance to the Native Nations Institute from the annual appropriations to the Trust Fund in such amounts as Congress may direct to conduct research and provide education and training to Native American and Alaska Na-tive professionals and leaders on Native American and Alaska Native health care issues and tribal public policy issues as pro-vided in section 6(7).’’; (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PRIORITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Foundation shall de-termine the priority of the programs to be carried out under this Act and the amount of funds to be allocated for such programs from the funds earned annually from the interest derived from the investment of the Trust Fund, subject to paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In determining the amount of funds to be allocated for programs carried out under this Act for a year— ‘‘(A) not less than 50 percent of such an-nual interest earnings shall be utilized for the programs set forth in paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5) of subsection (a); ‘‘(B) not more than 17.5 percent of such an-nual interest earnings shall be allocated for salaries and other administrative purposes; and ‘‘(C) not less than 20 percent of such annual interest earnings shall be appropriated to the Center for activities under paragraphs (7) and (8) of subsection (a).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
ONATIONS .—Any funds received by the Foundation in the form of donations or grants, as well as any unexpended earnings on interest from the Trust Fund that is car-ried forward from prior years— ‘‘(1) shall not be included in the calcula-tion of the funds available for allocations pursuant to subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) shall be available to carry out the pro-visions of this Act as the Board determines to be necessary and appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 6. USE OF INSTITUTE BY FEDERAL AGENCY OR OTHER ENTITY. 
Section 11 of the Morris K. Udall and Stew-art L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5607b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘collaboration,’’ after ‘‘mediation,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘resources.’’ and inserting ‘‘resources, or with a Federal, State, or trib-al process or procedure that may result in a dispute or conflict.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘mediation, collaboration, and’’ after ‘‘agree to’’. 
SEC. 7. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
Section 12 of the Morris K. Udall and Stew-art L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5608) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts’’ and in-serting ‘‘accept, hold, solicit, administer, and utilize donations, grants, and gifts’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘in the District of Columbia or its environs’’ and in-serting ‘‘in the District of Columbia and Tucson, Arizona, or their environs’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, with the exception of paragraph (4),’’. SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 13(b) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5609(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2004 through 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2019 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 9. AUDIT OF THE FOUNDATION. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior shall conduct an audit of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation. 
SA 4113. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. J
OHNSON (for himself and Mr. W YDEN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2322, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions Act’’ or the ‘‘CURD Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) There is a need to define the term ‘‘nat-ural cheese’’ in order to maintain trans-parency and consistency for consumers so that they may differentiate ‘‘natural cheese’’ from ‘‘process cheese’’. (2) The term ‘‘natural cheese’’ has been used within the cheese making industry for more than 50 years and is well-established. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF NATURAL CHEESE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ss)(1) The term ‘natural cheese’ means cheese that is a ripened or unripened soft, semi-soft, or hard product, which may be coated, that is produced— ‘‘(A) by— ‘‘(i) coagulating wholly or partly the pro-tein of milk, skimmed milk, partly skimmed milk, cream, whey cream, or buttermilk, or any combination of such ingredients, through the action of rennet or other suit-able coagulating agents, and by partially draining the whey resulting from the coagu-lation, while respecting the principle that cheese-making results in a concentration of milk protein (in particular, the casein por-tion), and that consequently, the protein content of the cheese will be distinctly high-er than the protein level of the blend of the above milk materials from which the cheese was made; or ‘‘(ii) processing techniques involving co-agulation of the protein of milk or products obtained from milk to produce an end-prod-uct with similar physical, chemical, and organoleptic characteristics as the product described in subclause (i); and ‘‘(iii) including the addition of safe and suitable non-milk derived ingredients of the type permitted in the standards of identity described in clause (B) as natural cheese; or ‘‘(B) in accordance with standards of iden-tity under part 133 of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tions), other than the standards described in subparagraph (2) or any future standards adopted by the Secretary in accordance with subparagraph (2)(I). ‘‘(2) Such term does not include— ‘‘(A) pasteurized process cheeses as defined in section 133.169, 133.170, or 133.171 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(B) pasteurized process cheese foods as de-fined in section 133.173 or 133.174 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(C) pasteurized cheese spreads as defined in section 133.175, 133.176, or 133.178 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(D) pasteurized process cheese spreads as defined in section 133.179 or 133.180 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(E) pasteurized blended cheeses as defined in section 133.167 or 133.168 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations); ‘‘(F) any products comparable to any prod-uct described in any of clauses (A) through (E); or ‘‘(G) cold pack cheeses as defined in sec-tion 133.123, 133.124, or 133.125 title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations) ‘‘(H) grated American cheese food as de-fined in section 133.147 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations); or ‘‘(I) any other product the Secretary may designate as a process cheese. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘milk’ has the meaning given such term in section 133.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) and includes the lacteal secretions from ani-mals other than cows.’’. (b) LABELING .—Section 403 of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(z) If its label or labeling includes the term ‘natural cheese’ as a factual descriptor of a category of cheese unless the food meets the definition of natural cheese under sec-tion 201(ss), except that nothing in this para-graph shall prohibit the use of the term ‘nat-ural’ or ‘all-natural’, or a similar claim or statement with respect to a food in a manner that is consistent with regulations, guid-ance, or policy statements issued by the Sec-retary.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL UNIFORMITY .—Section 403A(a)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343–1(a)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘or 403(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘403(w), or 403(z)’’. 
SA 4114. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6227, to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quan-tum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Quantum Initiative Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.086 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7618 December 13, 2018 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Purposes. TITLE I—NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE Sec. 101. National Quantum Initiative Pro-gram. Sec. 102. National Quantum Coordination Office. Sec. 103. Subcommittee on Quantum Infor-mation Science. Sec. 104. National Quantum Initiative Ad-visory Committee. Sec. 105. Sunset. TITLE II—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY QUAN-TUM ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. National Institute of Standards and Technology activities and quan-tum consortium. TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION QUANTUM ACTIVITIES Sec. 301. Quantum information science re-search and education program. Sec. 302. Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and Education. TITLE IV—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY QUANTUM ACTIVITIES Sec. 401. Quantum Information Science Research program. Sec. 402. National Quantum Information Science Research Centers. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Advi-sory Committee’’ means the National Quan-tum Initiative Advisory Committee estab-lished under section 104(a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. (3) C
OORDINATION OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Co-ordination Office’’ means the National Quan-tum Coordination Office established under section 102(a). (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (5) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the National Quantum Initiative Program implemented under section 101(a). (6) Q
UANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘quantum information science’’ means the use of the laws of quantum physics for the storage, transmission, manipulation, computing, or measurement of information. (7) S
UBCOMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Sub-committee’’ means the Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science of the Na-tional Science and Technology Council es-tablished under section 103(a). 
SEC. 3. PURPOSES. 
The purpose of this Act is to ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information science and its tech-nology applications by— (1) supporting research, development, dem-onstration, and application of quantum in-formation science and technology— (A) to expand the number of researchers, educators, and students with training in quantum information science and tech-nology to develop a workforce pipeline; (B) to promote the development and inclu-sion of multidisciplinary curriculum and re-search opportunities for quantum informa-tion science at the undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral level; (C) to address basic research knowledge gaps, including computational research gaps; (D) to promote the further development of facilities and centers available for quantum information science and technology re-search, testing and education; and (E) to stimulate research on and promote more rapid development of quantum-based technologies; (2) improving the interagency planning and coordination of Federal research and devel-opment of quantum information science and technology; (3) maximizing the effectiveness of the Federal Government’s quantum information science and technology research , develop-ment, and demonstration programs; (4) promoting collaboration among the Federal Government, Federal laboratories, industry, and universities; and (5) promoting the development of inter-national standards for quantum information science and technology security— (A) to facilitate technology innovation and private sector commercialization; and (B) to meet economic and national security goals. TITLE I—NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE SEC. 101. NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-plement a National Quantum Initiative Pro-gram. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the Program, the President, acting through Fed-eral agencies, councils, working groups, sub-committees, and the Coordination Office, as the President considers appropriate, shall— (1) establish the goals, priorities, and metrics for a 10-year plan to accelerate de-velopment of quantum information science and technology applications in the United States; (2) invest in fundamental Federal quantum information science and technology re-search, development, demonstration, and other activities to achieve the goals estab-lished under paragraph (1); (3) invest in activities to develop a quan-tum information science and technology workforce pipeline; (4) provide for interagency planning and coordination of Federal quantum informa-tion science and technology research, devel-opment, demonstration, standards engage-ment, and other activities under the Pro-gram; (5) partner with industry and universities to leverage knowledge and resources; and (6) leverage existing Federal investments efficiently to advance Program goals and priorities established under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 102. NATIONAL QUANTUM COORDINATION OFFICE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish a National Quantum Coordination Of-fice. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Coordination Of-fice shall have— (A) a Director appointed by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and the Secretary of Energy; and (B) staff comprised of employees detailed from the Federal departments and agencies described in section 103(b). (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Coordination Office shall— (1) provide technical and administrative support to— (A) the Subcommittee; and (B) the Advisory Committee; (2) oversee interagency coordination of the Program, including by encouraging and sup-porting joint agency solicitation and selec-tion of applications for funding of activities under the Program; (3) serve as the point of contact on Federal civilian quantum information science and technology activities for Federal depart-ments and agencies, industry, universities professional societies, State governments, and such other persons as the Coordination Office considers appropriate to exchange technical and programmatic information; (4) ensure coordination among the collabo-rative ventures or consortia established under section 201(a), Multidisciplinary Cen-ters for Quantum Research and Education established under section 302(a), and the Na-tional Quantum Information Science Re-search Centers established under section 402(a); (5) conduct public outreach, including the dissemination of findings and recommenda-tions of the Advisory Committee, as appro-priate; (6) promote access to and early application of the technologies, innovations, and exper-tise derived from Program activities to agen-cy missions and systems across the Federal Government, and to industry, including startup companies; and (7) promote access, through appropriate Federal Government agencies, and an open and competitive merit-reviewed process, to existing quantum computing and commu-nication systems developed by industry, uni-versities, and Federal laboratories to the general user community in pursuit of dis-covery of the new applications of such sys-tems. (c) FUNDING .—Funds necessary to carry out the activities of the Coordination Office shall be made available each fiscal year by the Federal departments and agencies de-scribed in section 103(b), as determined by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
SEC. 103. SUBCOMMITTEE ON QUANTUM INFOR-MATION SCIENCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall establish, through the National Science and Technology Council, the Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Subcommittee shall include a representative of— (1) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; (2) the National Science Foundation; (3) the Department of Energy; (4) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; (5) the Department of Defense; (6) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; (7) the Office of Management and Budget; (8) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; and (9) such other Federal department or agen-cy as the President considers appropriate. (c) C
HAIRPERSONS .—The Subcommittee shall be jointly chaired by the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and the Secretary of Energy. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Subcommittee shall— (1) coordinate the quantum information science and technology research, informa-tion sharing about international standards development and use, and education activi-ties and programs of the Federal agencies; (2) establish goals and priorities of the Pro-gram, based on identified knowledge and workforce gaps and other national needs; (3) assess and recommend Federal infra-structure needs to support the Program; (4) assess the status, development, and di-versity of the United States quantum infor-mation science workforce; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.087 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7619 December 13, 2018 
(5) assess the global outlook for quantum information science research and develop-ment efforts; (6) evaluate opportunities for international cooperation with strategic allies on research and development in quantum information science and technology; and (7) propose a coordinated interagency budget for the Program to the Office of Man-agement and Budget to ensure the mainte-nance of a balanced quantum information science research portfolio and an appropriate level of research effort. (e) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .—In order to guide the activities of the Program and meet the goals, priorities, and anticipated outcomes of the Federal departments and agencies de-scribed in subsection (b), the Subcommittee shall— (1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, develop a 5-year stra-tegic plan; (2) not later than 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, develop a subsequent 5-year strategic plan; and (3) periodically update each plan, as nec-essary. (f) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—The chair-persons of the Subcommittee shall submit to the President, the Advisory Committee, and the appropriate committees of Congress each strategic plan developed under subsection (e) and any updates thereto. (g) A
NNUAL PROGRAM BUDGET REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, concurrent with the annual budget request submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the chair-persons of the Subcommittee shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and such other committees of Congress as the chairpersons deem appropriate a report on the budget for the Program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) The budget of the Program for the cur-rent fiscal year, for each Federal department and agency described in subsection (b). (B) The budget proposed for the Program for the next fiscal year, for each Federal de-partment and agency described in subsection (b). (C) An analysis of the progress made to-ward achieving the goals and priorities es-tablished under subsection (d)(2). 
SEC. 104. NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall es-tablish a National Quantum Initiative Advi-sory Committee. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall consist of members, appointed by the President, who are representative of industry, universities, and Federal labora-tories and are qualified to provide advice and information on quantum information science and technology research, development, dem-onstrations, standards, education, tech-nology transfer, commercial application, or national security and economic concerns. (c) M
EMBERSHIP CONSIDERATION .—In select- ing the members of the Advisory Committee, the President may seek and give consider-ation to recommendations from the Con-gress, industry, the scientific community (including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific professional societies, and universities), the defense community, and other appropriate organizations. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall advise the President and the Sub-committee and make recommendations for the President to consider when reviewing and revising the Program. (2) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENTS .—The Advi-sory Committee shall conduct periodic, inde-pendent assessments of— (A) any trends or developments in quan-tum information science and technology; (B) the progress made in implementing the Program; (C) the management, coordination, imple-mentation, and activities of the Program; (D) whether the Program activities and the goals and priorities established under section 103(d)(2) are helping to maintain United States leadership in quantum information science and technology; (E) whether a need exists to revise the Pro-gram; (F) whether opportunities exist for inter-national cooperation with strategic allies on research and development in, and the devel-opment of open standards for, quantum in-formation science and technology; and (G) whether national security, societal, economic, legal, and workforce concerns are adequately addressed by the Program. (e) REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and at least biennially thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall submit to the President, the appropriate committees of Congress, and such other committees of Congress as the Advisory Committee deems appropriate a re-port on the findings of the independent as-sessment under subsection (d), including any recommendations for improvements to the Program. (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL  M
EMBERS .—Non-Federal members of the Ad-visory Committee, while attending meetings of the Advisory Committee or while other-wise serving at the request of the head of the Advisory Committee away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. Noth-ing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Advisory Com-mittee who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, in accordance with existing law. (g) FACA E
XEMPTION .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall be exempt from section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 105. SUNSET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the authority to carry out sections 101, 102, 103, and 104 shall terminate on the date that is 11 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) E
XTENSION .—The President may con-tinue the activities under such sections if the President determines that such activi-ties are necessary to meet national economic or national security needs. TITLE II—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY QUAN-TUM ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 201. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES AND QUANTUM CONSORTIUM. 
(a) N ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  T
ECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES .—As part of the Pro-gram, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology— (1) shall continue to support and expand basic and applied quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment of measurement and standards infra-structure necessary to advance commercial development of quantum applications; (2) shall use the existing programs of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, in collaboration with other Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, to train scientists in quantum information science and technology to increase participa-tion in the quantum fields; (3) shall establish or expand collaborative ventures or consortia with other public or private sector entities, including industry, universities, and Federal laboratories for the purpose of advancing the field of quantum information science and engineering; and (4) may enter into and perform such con-tracts, including cooperative research and development arrangements and grants and cooperative agreements or other trans-actions, as may be necessary in the conduct of the work of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and on such terms as the Director considers appropriate, in furtherance of the purposes of this Act. (b) QUANTUM CONSORTIUM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall convene a consortium of stakeholders to identify the future meas-urement, standards, cybersecurity, and other appropriate needs for supporting the develop-ment of a robust quantum information science and technology industry in the United States. (2) G
OALS .—The goals of the consortium shall be— (A) to assess the current research on the needs identified in paragraph (1); (B) to identify any gaps in the research necessary to meet the needs identified in paragraph (1); and (C) to provide recommendations on how the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Program can address the gaps in the necessary research identified in subparagraph (B). (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report sum-marizing the findings of the consortium. (c) F
UNDING .—The Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall allocate up to $80,000,000 to carry out the ac-tivities under this section for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations. Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts appropriated or other-wise made available to the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology. TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION QUANTUM ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 301. QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RE-SEARCH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation shall carry out a basic research and education program on quantum information science and engineer-ing, including the competitive award of grants to institutions of higher education or eligible nonprofit organizations (or consortia thereof). (b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram under subsection (a), the Director of the National Science Foundation shall carry out activities that— (A) support basic interdisciplinary quan-tum information science and engineering re-search; and (B) support human resources development in all aspects of quantum information science and engineering. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The activities de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall include— (A) using the existing programs of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in collaboration with other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.087 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7620 December 13, 2018 
(i) to improve the teaching and learning of quantum information science and engineer-ing at the undergraduate, graduate, and postgraduate levels; and (ii) to increase participation in the quan-tum fields, including by individuals identi-fied in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b); (B) formulating goals for quantum infor-mation science and engineering research and education activities to be supported by the National Science Foundation; (C) leveraging the collective body of knowledge from existing quantum informa-tion science and engineering research and education activities; (D) coordinating research efforts funded through existing programs across the direc-torates of the National Science Foundation; and (E) engaging with other Federal depart-ments and agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section. (c) G
RADUATE TRAINEESHIPS .—The Director of the National Science Foundation may es-tablish a program to provide traineeships to graduate students at institutions of higher education within the United States who are citizens of the United States and who choose to pursue masters or doctoral degrees in quantum information science. 
SEC. 302. MULTIDISCIPLINARY CENTERS FOR QUANTUM RESEARCH AND EDU-CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in consultation with other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate, shall award grants to in-stitutions of higher education or eligible nonprofit organizations (or consortia there-of) to establish at least 2, but not more than 5, Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Re-search and Education (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘Centers’’). (b) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration re-ceiving an award under this subsection may include institutions of higher education, nonprofit organizations, and private sector entities. (c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Centers shall be to conduct basic research and edu-cation activities in support of the goals and priorities established under section 103(d)(2), including by— (1) continuing to advance quantum infor-mation science and engineering; (2) supporting curriculum and workforce development in quantum information science and engineering; and (3) fostering innovation by bringing indus-try perspectives to quantum research and workforce development, including by leveraging industry knowledge and re-sources. (d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An institution of higher education or an eligible nonprofit organiza-tion (or a consortium thereof) seeking fund-ing under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Director of the National Science Foundation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require. (2) A
PPLICATIONS .—Each application under paragraph (1) shall include a description of— (A) how the Center will work with other research institutions and industry partners to leverage expertise in quantum science, education and curriculum development, and technology transfer; (B) how the Center will promote active col-laboration among researchers in multiple disciplines involved in quantum research, in-cluding physics, engineering, mathematics, computer science, chemistry, and material science; (C) how the Center will support long-term and short-term workforce development in the quantum field; (D) how the Center can support an innova-tion ecosystem to work with industry to translate Center research into applications; and (E) a long-term plan to become self-sus-taining after the expiration of funding under this section. (e) SELECTION AND DURATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Center established under this section is authorized to carry out activities for a period of 5 years. (2) R
EAPPLICATION .—An awardee may re-apply for additional, subsequent periods of 5 years on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. (3) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the au-thorities of the National Science Founda-tion, the Director of the National Science Foundation may terminate an underper-forming Center for cause during the perform-ance period. (f) F
UNDING .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall allocate up to $10,000,000 for each Center established under this section for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations. Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the National Science Founda-tion. TITLE IV—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY QUANTUM ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 401. QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RE-SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall carry out a basic research program on quantum information science. (b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Energy shall— (1) formulate goals for quantum informa-tion science research to be supported by the Department of Energy; (2) leverage the collective body of knowl-edge from existing quantum information science research; (3) provide research experiences and train-ing for additional undergraduate and grad-uate students in quantum information science, including in the fields of— (A) quantum information theory; (B) quantum physics; (C) quantum computational science; (D) applied mathematics and algorithm de-velopment; (E) quantum networking; (F) quantum sensing and detection; and (G) materials science and engineering; (4) coordinate research efforts funded through existing programs across the De-partment of Energy, including— (A) the Nanoscale Science Research Cen-ters; (B) the Energy Frontier Research Centers; (C) the Energy Innovation Hubs; (D) the National Laboratories; (E) the Advanced Research Projects Agen-cy; and (F) the National Quantum Information Science Research Centers; and (5) coordinate with other Federal depart-ments and agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section. 
SEC. 402. NATIONAL QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RESEARCH CENTERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Director of the Office of Science (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall ensure that the Office of Science carries out a program, in consulta-tion with other Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, to establish and op-erate at least 2, but not more than 5, Na-tional Quantum Information Science Re-search Centers (referred to in this section as ‘‘Centers’’) to conduct basic research to ac-celerate scientific breakthroughs in quan-tum information science and technology and to support research conducted under section 401. (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) C
OMPETITIVE , MERIT -REVIEWED PROC -
ESS.—The Centers shall be established through a competitive, merit-reviewed proc-ess. (B) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible applicant under this subsection shall submit to the Di-rector an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director determines to be appropriate. (C) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .—The Director shall consider applications from National Laboratories, institutions of higher edu-cation, research centers, multi-institutional collaborations, and any other entity that the Secretary of Energy determines to be appro-priate. (b) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration that receives an award under this section may in-clude multiple types of research institutions and private sector entities. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To the maximum ex-tent practicable, the Centers developed, con-structed, operated, or maintained under this section shall serve the needs of the Depart-ment of Energy, industry, the academic com-munity, and other relevant entities to create and develop processes for the purpose of ad-vancing basic research in quantum informa-tion science and improving the competitive-ness of the United States. (d) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of En-ergy shall ensure the coordination, and avoid unnecessary duplication, of the activities of each Center with the activities of— (1) other research entities of the Depart-ment of Energy, including— (A) the Nanoscale Science Research Cen-ters; (B) the Energy Frontier Research Centers; (C) the Energy Innovation Hubs; and (D) the National Laboratories; (2) institutions of higher education; and (3) industry. (e) D
URATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Center established under this section is authorized to carry out activities for a period of 5 years. (2) R
EAPPLICATION .—An awardee may re-apply for additional, subsequent periods of 5 years. The Director shall approve or dis-approve of each reapplication on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis. (3) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the au-thorities of the Department of Energy, the Secretary of Energy may terminate an underperforming Center for cause during the performance period. (f) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Energy shall allocate up to $25,000,000 for each Cen-ter established under this section for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations. Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Energy. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL . Mr. President, I have 3 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.087 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7621 December 13, 2018 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 13, 2018, at a time to be determined, to conduct a pending nomination. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 13, 2018, at 1:45 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, De-cember 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
AMENDING THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUN-DATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 578, S. 2827. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2827) to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn and the Barrasso substitute amend-ment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 4112) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 2827), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MEASURING THE ECONOMIC IM-PACT OF BROADBAND ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 613, S. 645. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 645) to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deploy-ment and adoption on the economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Measuring the Economic Impact of Broadband Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS REGARDING THE EFFECT OF THE DIGITAL ECON-OMY ON THE ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives. (2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information. (3) B
ROADBAND .—The term ‘‘broadband’’ means an Internet Protocol-based transmission service that enables users to send and receive voice, video, data, or graphics, or a combination of those items. (4) DIGITAL ECONOMY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘digital economy’’ has the mean-ing given the term by the Secretary in carrying out this section. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing a defi-nition for the term ‘‘digital economy’’ under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall con-sider— (i) the digital-enabling infrastructure that a computer network needs to exist and operate; and (ii) the roles of e-commerce and digital media. (5) D
IGITAL MEDIA .—The term ‘‘digital media’’ means the content that participants in e-com-merce create and access. (6) E-
COMMERCE .—The term ‘‘e-commerce’’ means the digital transactions that take place using the infrastructure described in paragraph (4)(B)(i). (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (b) B
IENNIAL ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS RE-
QUIRED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially there-after, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce and the Assistant Secretary, shall conduct an assessment and analysis regarding the contribution of the dig-ital economy to the economy of the United States. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS AND CONSULTATION .—In conducting each assessment and analysis re-quired under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) consider the impact of— (A) the deployment and adoption of— (i) digital-enabling infrastructure; and (ii) broadband; (B) e-commerce and platform-enabled peer-to- peer commerce; and (C) the production and consumption of digital media, including free media; and (2) consult with— (A) the heads of any agencies and offices of the Federal Government as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, including the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, and the Federal Com-munications Commission; (B) representatives of the business community, including rural and urban Internet service pro-viders and telecommunications infrastructure providers; (C) representatives from State, local, and trib-al government agencies; and (D) representatives from consumer and com-munity organizations. (d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report regarding the findings of the Secretary with re-spect to each assessment and analysis conducted under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Dec 20, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD18\DECEMBER\S13DE8.REC S13DE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7622 December 13, 2018 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 645), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CORRECTING MISCALCULATIONS IN VETERANS’ PENSIONS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4431 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4431) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest pay-ments by agencies in the case of administra-tive error in processing certain annuity de-posits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4431) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
AMENDING TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, TO CLARIFY THE SOURCES OF THE AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGLUATIONS REGARD-ING CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER CRITERIA APPLICABLE TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EM-PLOYEES UNDER WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL LEAVE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6160 and Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6160) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding cer-tifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6160) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
PREVENTING MATERNAL DEATHS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1318, the Preventing Ma-ternal Deaths Act, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1318) to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of moth-ers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy- related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1318) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Dec 20, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\DECEMBER\S13DE8.REC S13DE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7623 December 13, 2018 
CODIFYING USEFUL REGULATORY DEFINITIONS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged and that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2322. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Johnson amendment at the desk be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4113) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions Act’’ or the ‘‘CURD Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) There is a need to define the term ‘‘nat-ural cheese’’ in order to maintain trans-parency and consistency for consumers so that they may differentiate ‘‘natural cheese’’ from ‘‘process cheese’’. (2) The term ‘‘natural cheese’’ has been used within the cheese making industry for more than 50 years and is well-established. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF NATURAL CHEESE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ss)(1) The term ‘natural cheese’ means cheese that is a ripened or unripened soft, semi-soft, or hard product, which may be coated, that is produced— ‘‘(A) by— ‘‘(i) coagulating wholly or partly the pro-tein of milk, skimmed milk, partly skimmed milk, cream, whey cream, or buttermilk, or any combination of such ingredients, through the action of rennet or other suit-able coagulating agents, and by partially draining the whey resulting from the coagu-lation, while respecting the principle that cheese-making results in a concentration of milk protein (in particular, the casein por-tion), and that consequently, the protein content of the cheese will be distinctly high-er than the protein level of the blend of the above milk materials from which the cheese was made; or ‘‘(ii) processing techniques involving co-agulation of the protein of milk or products obtained from milk to produce an end-prod-uct with similar physical, chemical, and organoleptic characteristics as the product described in subclause (i); and ‘‘(iii) including the addition of safe and suitable non-milk derived ingredients of the type permitted in the standards of identity described in clause (B) as natural cheese; or ‘‘(B) in accordance with standards of iden-tity under part 133 of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tions), other than the standards described in subparagraph (2) or any future standards adopted by the Secretary in accordance with subparagraph (2)(I). ‘‘(2) Such term does not include— ‘‘(A) pasteurized process cheeses as defined in section 133.169, 133.170, or 133.171 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(B) pasteurized process cheese foods as de-fined in section 133.173 or 133.174 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(C) pasteurized cheese spreads as defined in section 133.175, 133.176, or 133.178 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(D) pasteurized process cheese spreads as defined in section 133.179 or 133.180 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(E) pasteurized blended cheeses as defined in section 133.167 or 133.168 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations); ‘‘(F) any products comparable to any prod-uct described in any of clauses (A) through (E); or ‘‘(G) cold pack cheeses as defined in sec-tion 133.123, 133.124, or 133.125 title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations) ‘‘(H) grated American cheese food as de-fined in section 133.147 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations); or ‘‘(I) any other product the Secretary may designate as a process cheese. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘milk’ has the meaning given such term in section 133.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) and includes the lacteal secretions from ani-mals other than cows.’’. (b) LABELING .—Section 403 of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(z) If its label or labeling includes the term ‘natural cheese’ as a factual descriptor of a category of cheese unless the food meets the definition of natural cheese under sec-tion 201(ss), except that nothing in this para-graph shall prohibit the use of the term ‘nat-ural’ or ‘all-natural’, or a similar claim or statement with respect to a food in a manner that is consistent with regulations, guid-ance, or policy statements issued by the Sec-retary.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL UNIFORMITY .—Section 403A(a)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343–1(a)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘or 403(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘403(w), or 403(z)’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2322), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT MUSEUM COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2863 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2863) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemora-tion of the opening of the National Law En-forcement Museum in the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2863) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 2863 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Law Enforcement Museum Commemorative Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) In 2000, Congress passed and President William J. Clinton signed into law the Na-tional Law Enforcement Museum Act (Pub-lic Law 106–492), which authorized the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, Inc. to build the National Law En-forcement Museum on Federal land in the District of Columbia to honor and com-memorate the service and sacrifice of law en-forcement officers in the United States. (2) In April 2016, construction began on the National Law Enforcement Museum in the District of Columbia across the street from the National Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial in Judiciary Square. (3) The National Law Enforcement Mu-seum will formally open in September of 2018. (4) The National Law Enforcement Muse-um’s mission is— (A) to honor and commemorate the ex-traordinary service and sacrifice of Amer-ica’s law enforcement officers; (B) to serve as an important bridge be-tween law enforcement’s past and present, between the heroes of yesteryear and those who have followed in their footsteps, and be-tween America’s peace officers and the pub-lic they serve; and (C) increase public understanding and sup-port for law enforcement and to promote law enforcement safety. 
SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) D ENOMINATIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.073 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7624 December 13, 2018 
the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall mint and issue the following coins: (1) $5 
GOLD COINS .—Not more than 50,000 $5 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 8.359 grams; (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent gold. (2) $1 
SILVER COINS .—Not more than 400,000 $1 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 26.73 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver. (3) H
ALF-DOLLAR CLAD COINS .—Not more than 750,000 half-dollar coins which shall— (A) weigh 11.34 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and (C) be minted to the specifications for half- dollar coins contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code. (b) L
EGAL TENDER .—The coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender, as pro-vided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. (c) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this Act shall be con-sidered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS. 
(a) D ESIGN REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The design of the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the National Law Enforcement Museum and the service and sacrifice of law enforce-ment officers throughout the history of the United States. (2) D
ESIGNATION AND INSCRIPTIONS .—On each coin minted under this Act there shall be— (A) a designation of the value of the coin; (B) an inscription of the year ‘‘2021’’; and (C) inscriptions of the words ‘‘Liberty’’, ‘‘In God We Trust’’, ‘‘United States of Amer-ica’’, and ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’. (b) S
ELECTION .—The design for the coins minted under this Act shall be— (1) selected by the Secretary after con-sultation with the Commission of Fine Arts and the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, Inc.; and (2) reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advi-sory Committee. 
SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS. 
(a) Q UALITY OF COINS.—Coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. (b) M
INTFACILITIES .—Only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. (c) P
ERIOD FOR ISSUANCE .—The Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2021. 
SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS. 
(a) S ALE PRICE.—The coins issued under this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of— (1) the face value of the coins; (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) with respect to such coins; and (3) the cost of designing and issuing the coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping). (b) B
ULK SALES .—The Secretary shall make bulk sales of the coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount. (c) P
REPAID ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-cept prepaid orders for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of such coins. (2) D
ISCOUNT .—Sale prices with respect to prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. 
SEC. 7. SURCHARGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of— (1) $35 per coin for the $5 coin; (2) $10 per coin for the $1 coin; and (3) $5 per coin for the half-dollar coin. (b) DISTRIBUTION .—Subject to section 5134(f)(1) of title 31, United States Code, all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, Inc., for educational and outreach pro-grams and exhibits. (c) A
UDITS .—The National Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial Fund, Inc., shall be subject to the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts received under sub-section (b). (d) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), no surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result in the number of com-memorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual 2 commemo-rative coin program issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). The Secretary of the Treasury may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMBER ALERT NATIONWIDE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 3461 and that the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3461) to amend the PROTECT Act to expand the national AMBER Alert system to territories of the United States, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the amend-ment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4111) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the funding provision) On page 9, strike line 22 and all that fol-lows through page 10, line 16. 
The bill (S. 3461), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3461 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AMBER Alert Nationwide Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. COOPERATION WITH DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Subtitle A of title III of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 301— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘gaps in areas of interstate travel’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘(including airports, maritime ports, border crossing areas and checkpoints, and ports of exit from the United States)’’; and (ii) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by inserting ‘‘, territories of the United States, and tribal governments’’ after ‘‘States’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ the following: ‘‘, the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’; and (2) in section 302— (A) in subsection (b), in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) by inserting ‘‘, territorial, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ the following: ‘‘, the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, terri-torial, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’. 
SEC. 3. AMBER ALERTS ALONG MAJOR TRANS-PORTATION ROUTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of the PRO-TECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20503) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting after ‘‘
ALONG HIGHWAYS ’’ the following: ‘‘ AND 
MAJOR TRANSPORTATION ROUTES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘Secretary of Trans-portation’’ the following: ‘‘(referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘along highways’’ the following: ‘‘and at airports, maritime ports, border crossing areas and checkpoints, and ports of exit from the United States’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘other motorist information systems to notify motorists’’ and inserting ‘‘other information systems to notify motor-ists, aircraft passengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; and (ii) by inserting after ‘‘necessary to notify motorists’’ the following: ‘‘, aircraft pas-sengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘other motorist information systems to notify mo-torists’’ and inserting ‘‘other information systems to notify motorists, aircraft pas-sengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting after ‘‘support the notification of motorists’’ the following: ‘‘, aircraft passengers, ship pas-sengers, and travelers’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by inserting after ‘‘motorists’’, each place it appears, the fol-lowing: ‘‘, aircraft passengers, ship pas-sengers, and travelers’’; (iv) in subparagraph (F), by inserting after ‘‘motorists’’ the following: ‘‘, aircraft pas-sengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; and (v) in subparagraph (G), by inserting after ‘‘motorists’’ the following: ‘‘, aircraft pas-sengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; (4) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘other motorist information systems to notify mo-torists’’, each place it appears, and inserting ‘‘other information systems to notify motor-ists, aircraft passengers, ship passengers, and travelers’’; (5) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activities funded by a grant under this section may not exceed 80 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.033 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7625 December 13, 2018 
‘‘(2) W AIVER .—If the Secretary determines that American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands of the United States is unable to comply with the requirement under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall waive such re-quirement.’’; (6) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this section’’ and in-serting ‘‘In this subtitle’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or Puerto Rico’’ and in-serting ‘‘American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Vir-gin Islands of the United States, and any other territory of the United States’’; and (7) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the PROTECT Act (Public Law 108–21) is amended by striking the item relating to section 303 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 303. Grant program for notification and communications systems along highways and major transportation routes for recov-ery of abducted children.’’. 
SEC. 4. AMBER ALERT COMMUNICATION PLANS IN THE TERRITORIES. 
Section 304 of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20504) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by inserting after ‘‘with’’ the following: ‘‘a territorial govern-ment or’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activities funded by a grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—If the Attorney General de-termines that American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, or an In-dian tribe is unable to comply with the re-quirement under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall waive such requirement.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding territories of the United States’’. 
SEC. 5. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall conduct a study assessing— (1) the implementation of the amendments made by this Act; (2) any challenges related to integrating the territories of the United States into the AMBER Alert system; (3) the readiness, educational, techno-logical, and training needs of territorial law enforcement agencies in responding to cases involving missing, abducted, or exploited children; and (4) any other related matters the Attorney General or the Secretary of Transportation determines appropriate. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General shall submit a report on the findings of the study required under subsection (a) to— (1) the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and (4) each of the delegates or resident com-missioner to the House of Representatives from American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States. (c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Comptroller General shall make the report required under subsection (b) available on a public Government website. (d) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General may secure information necessary to con-duct the study under subsection (a) directly from any Federal agency and from any terri-torial government receiving grant funding under the PROTECT Act. Upon request of the Comptroller General, the head of a Fed-eral agency or territorial government shall furnish the requested information to the Comptroller General. (2) A
GENCY RECORDS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), nothing in this subsection shall require a Federal agency or any terri-torial government to produce records subject to a common law evidentiary privilege. Records and information shared with the Comptroller General shall continue to be subject to withholding under sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code. The Comptroller General is obligated to give the information the same level of confidentiality and protection required of the Federal agen-cy or territorial government. The Comp-troller General may be requested to sign a nondisclosure or other agreement as a condi-tion of gaining access to sensitive or propri-etary data to which the Comptroller General is entitled. (3) P
RIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION .— The Comptroller General, and any Federal agency and any territorial government that provides information to the Comptroller General, shall take such actions as are nec-essary to ensure the protection of the per-sonal information of a minor. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REBECCA TERESA WEICHHAND Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 717 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 717) honoring the life and legacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; that the preamble be agreed to; and that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 717) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of December 6, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 731, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 731) designating De-cember 10, 2018, as ‘‘Human Rights Day’’ and recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 731) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 6227 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6227) to provide for a coordi-nated Federal program to accelerate quan-tum research and development for the eco-nomic and national security of the United States. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Thune substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amend-ed, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4114) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a sub-stitute.) (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 6227), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDER FOR PRINTING OF SENATE DOCUMENTS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be printed as a Senate document a com-pilation of materials from the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD in tribute to retir-ing Members of the 115th Congress, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.036 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7626 December 13, 2018 
that Members have until Friday, De-cember 21, to submit such tributes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, in consultation with the Rank-ing Member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, appoints the following in-dividual to serve as a member of the Cyberspace Solarium Commission: Su-zanne Spaulding of Virginia. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–254, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate, appoints the fol-lowing individual as a member of the Syria Study Group: Dana L. Stroul, of Maryland. ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2018 Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate com-pletes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, December 17; fur-ther, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the House message to accom-pany S. 756 and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the filing deadline for first-degree amendments to the House message to accompany S. 756 be at 3:15 p.m. on Monday; finally, that the cloture motion filed during to-day’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Mon-day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2018 Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:59 p.m., adjourned until Monday, December 17, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
JOHNATHAN BRAGG, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING AUGUST 28, 2019, VICE WALTER A. BARROWS, TERM EXPIRED. JOHNATHAN BRAGG, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING AUGUST 28, 2024. (REAPPOINTMENT) THOMAS JAYNE, OF MISSOURI, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING AUGUST 28, 2023, VICE STEVEN JOEL ANTHONY, TERM EXPIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13DE6.079 S13DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1663 December 13, 2018 
HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE OF ANTHONY RAY HINTON 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to honor the extraor-dinary life of Mr. Anthony Ray Hinton. Mr. Hin-ton was on death row for 30 years before being cleared of a crime he never committed. He has now written a memoir relaying his ex-periences and frequently speaks about the need for reform of our nation’s criminal justice system. As we debate passage of legislation which would transform our criminal justice sys-tem, I believe it is important that Mr. Hinton’s story is told and that his call for reform is heard in the halls of Congress. The story that led to Mr. Hinton’s wrongful incarceration began in 1985 after the murder of two men in two separate armed robbery in-cidents at Birmingham restaurants. Later that year, a third restaurant manager in Bessemer was shot and wounded. The manager then identified Mr. Hinton from a photo lineup, even though Hinton was working at a warehouse 15 miles away on the night of the shooting. De-spite the lack of evidence against him, Mr. Hinton was soon arrested. Police recovered six slugs from the crime scenes and the state forensics department matched them to a rusty .38 special that de-tectives took from Mr. Hinton’s mother’s home, where he lived. Mr. Hinton was charged with two counts of capital murder. He maintained his innocence and passed a lie detector test before his trial. During his arrest, Mr. Hinton says police re-fused to explain the charges against him, but they assured him that he would be convicted simply because he was black. Mr. Hinton’s court-appointed attorney believed that most black people would lie about committing a crime, so he failed to represent the case ade-quately. Despite limited evidence and a sworn testimony provided by Mr. Hinton’s employer stating that he had been at work on the night of the robbery, the jury convicted Mr. Hinton and sentenced him to death. To pass the days while serving his sen-tence, Mr. Hinton began to read and orga-nized a book club for fellow prisoners. He made friends and says he never saw any of his fellow inmates as ‘monsters.’ Instead, he learned to see the good in all people and be-lieves it was his attitude that helped him sur-vive. After a decade on death row, the Equal Jus-tice Initiative in Montgomery took on Mr. Hin-ton’s case. During their appeal, evidence was introduced from three forensic experts. Still, the Alabama Court of Criminal Appeals re-fused to overturn his convictions or grant a new trial. For 16 years, the Equal Justice Ini-tiative continued to push for a retrial. Finally, in 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Mr. Hinton’s original defense lawyer was ‘‘con-stitutionally deficient,’’ and remanded his case to the lower court for retrial. After the Supreme Court ruling, the Jefferson County District At-torney moved to drop his case. On April 3, 2015, Mr. Hinton was released from prison after three decades on death row. Mr. Hinton had 30 years of his life taken away from him. During this time his mother, a woman who never ceased to believe in her son’s innocence, passed away. Mr. Hinton says it broke his heart to realize she would never have the opportunity to see her son as a free man again. Mr. Hinton was punished for another person’s crimes. But if he were to live the rest of his life in anger, he would have even more of his life taken away. In his own words, ‘‘The rest of my life is mine. Alabama took 30 years. That was enough.’’ Mr. Hinton’s wrongful conviction shines a light on the failures of our criminal justice sys-tem. He has written a memoir, The Sun Does Shine: How I Found Life and Freedom on Death Row, and has travelled the country, giv-ing readings and talks on his experiences. Today, Mr. Hinton continues to work with the Equal Justice Initiative, sharing his story na-tionwide. He even spoke at the Peace and Justice Summit, held by the Equal Justice Ini-tiative, earlier this year. Mr. Hinton’s work bringing awareness to the issue of criminal justice has encouraged advocates across the country to join the fight for prison reform. Mr. Hinton is far from alone in his experi-ence with our criminal justice system. Since 1973, a total of 158 people have been re-leased from death row after evidence of their innocence was uncovered. As Congress de-bates passage of legislation to reform our criminal justice system, the lessons learned from Mr. Hinton’s case, and from others who have wrongfully been sent to death row, must be remembered. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th Congres-sional District and the State of Alabama, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and the extraordinary sacrifices made by Mr. Anthony Ray Hinton in our pursuit of a more perfect Union. He is a symbol of hope and perseverance in our fight for reform. His leg-acy of resilience will lead the way for equality in our justice system. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHARON SCHULTZE 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of a truly dedi-cated public servant, Sharon Schultze. Sharon was a tireless advocate for social justice and civility, a loyal senior Congressional aide, and generous mentor. Sharon dedicated her life to serving the poor, the downtrodden, and the most vulnerable. She will be remembered by all those who knew her for her selflessness and love. Sharon was born and raised in Lin-coln, Nebraska and moved to San Diego after getting married. She was instrumental in cre-ating a ground breaking program at the Uni-versity of San Diego’s Law School, the Mira Mesa Mediation Center, which helped people from diverse backgrounds resolve conflict peacefully and civilly. The center later devel-oped into the National Conflict Resolution Center. Sharon worked for Bob Filner throughout his entire political career, from the San Diego School Board to San Diego City Council to the United States Congress. Sharon passionately served the people of San Diego for over three decades, taking on various responsibilities throughout Filner’s different elected offices. One of her favorite projects while working for Congressman Filner was helping him chose the district winner of the Congressional Art Competition wherein high school students from every congressional district in the country compete for an opportunity to display their art-work in the Halls of Congress. Her favorite role, and the one she found most rewarding, was that of advocate. Sharon took the most joy out of writing legislation that promoted veterans and San Diego residents. Perhaps the achievements of which Sharon was most proud were her contributions to the veteran community. She helped draft and pass the Post-9/11 Veterans Education Assistance Act of 2008, which provides full, four-year tui-tion to military veterans who enlisted after September 11, 2001 attending public univer-sities across the country. She was instru-mental in the passage of legislation supporting Filipino veterans and Merchant Marines who served the United States during World War II receiving full veteran benefits, which they had been previously denied. Sharon was an amazing, accomplished woman. Her strong worth ethic and profes-sionalism made her a role model and devoted mentor to the young people who looked to her for guidance both in San Diego and in Wash-ington, DC. My office and I were on the re-ceiving end of some of her mentorship. Soon after I was elected to Congress, Sharon was the first to offer guidance and support. Her best quality, noted by many of her friends and family, was that Sharon was a gifted listener. She was there for whoever needed her help, without regard for her time and energy. Shar-on bestowed unconditional positive support, kindness, compassion, and empathy to those around her, assuring them that they were loved and valued. She shared her ideas and common sense with others, always making sure to keep people’s best interest in mind. She never gave up on making a difference in the world. Our thoughts go out to her partner of nearly 30 years, Doug Duffield; her three children, Blair, David, and Carol; and Natalie and Zachary, her two grandchildren, who made her heart smile. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE8.001 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1664 December 13, 2018 
BIRTHDAY CONGRATULATIONS FOR GLADYS COOKE 
HON. BRENDA JONES 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. JONES of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish a very happy birthday to a re-tired teacher in my district, Gladys Cooke. Born on December 17, 1938, Gladys was the third child of Jessie Mae and Robert Jones. She graduated from Parker High School and Miles College in Birmingham, Alabama, and became a teacher in the Detroit school sys-tem, where she taught math at Cass Technical High School, Mumford High School, and Cooley High School. As a young woman she was featured in Ebony Magazine. She has 3 brothers and 4 sisters, one of whom is deceased. She is the proud mother of Dr. Tiffany A. Cook of Atlanta, Georgia. She will be celebrating her 80th Birthday next week with friends, family, and loved ones at Joe Muer Seafood at the Renaissance Cen-ter in Detroit. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DANIEL L
AFROMBOISE FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRESSIONAL VET-ERAN COMMENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Daniel LaFromboise of Wolf Creek, a recipient of the 2018 Montana Con-gressional Veteran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. LaFromboise proudly joined the United States Marine Corps soon after graduating high school. He served as a Corporal sta-tioned in Korea in the late 1950’s, following the Korean War. His service to his community has continued well after his military career. Mr. LaFromboise became a member of the Montana law enforcement community, serving thirteen years with the Montana Highway Pa-trol and three years as a Deputy Sheriff in Lewis and Clark County. A member of the Turtle Mountain Chippewa tribe, Mr. LaFromboise participated in a state sponsored bison program and volunteered his personal time to deliver bison meat to families in need. His dedication to serving hungry families often meant driving hundreds of miles on deliveries. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Daniel LaFromboise for his dedi-cation and service. SUPPORT FOR H. RES. 1169, RE-AFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PRO-MOTE FREE, FAIR, TRANS-PARENT AND CREDIBLE ELEC-TIONS IN BANGLADESH HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H. Res. 1169 calling for a free and fair election in Bangladesh. My district is home to a large population of Bangladeshi ex-pats, and I’ve heard from them about the need for a free, fair, transparent, and credible election. During the 2014 general election, major Bangladeshi political parties boycotted the election due to concerns about the impartiality of the electoral process. Historically, Ban-gladesh would install a caretaker government during elections to ensure free, fair, trans-parent, and credible elections. However, dur-ing the 2014 election, that didn’t happen. Since then, there have been political rivalries that have devolved into violent clashes. All parties should be free to participate in the po-litical process. They should be free to express their political views, campaign and hold peace-ful rallies and meetings, and not fear physical retribution for exercising a fundamental human right to participate in the democratic electoral process. I believe that free, fair, transparent, and credible elections are the cornerstone of de-mocracy. As Bangladesh is scheduled to hold general elections at the end of the month, I urge everyone to participate in the democratic process, and vote. I’m a proud co-sponsor of this resolution and urge my colleagues support as well. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND CA-REER OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL THOMAS C. SMITH III 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and career of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Smith III, who served ably as Director of the Bir-mingham VA Medical Center during his distin-guished career in the U.S. Army and with the Department of Veterans Affairs. Throughout his career, Mr. Smith worked tirelessly to pro-vide care for our nation’s Service Members and Veterans. Mr. Smith was a man of the highest character who loved his family and who dedicated himself to God and country. Mr. Smith was born in Phenix City, Ala-bama, on July 6, 1953, to parents Thomas C. Smith II and Ganelle Putnam Smith. He grew up with three sisters, Kaye, Phyllis, and Debo-rah, who he loved and cherished greatly. After graduating from Central High School, Mr. Smith attended Auburn University where he was well known for his acting talent and often graced the stage of Telfair Peet Theatre. Upon earning his degree at Auburn, Mr. Smith worked at the Ritz Theater in Gadsden, Ala-bama. It was there, as Director of the Ritz Theater, that Mr. Smith met the love of his life, and his future wife, JoDean. Over the course of their marriage, JoDean and Mr. Smith had six beautiful children, in-cluding two sons, Justin and Drew, and four daughters, Adrienne, Emily, Laura, and Kath-leen. At the age of 29, Mr. Smith joined the U.S. Army, pursuing a career of service in the field of health care. As a Service Member, Mr. Smith studied at Baylor University, receiving his Masters in Healthcare Administration in 1992. Mr. Smith worked at U.S. Army hos-pitals around the globe, from the Army Gen-eral Hospital in Seoul, South Korea, to the Army Health Center in Vicenza, Italy. His 22- year career in the U.S. Army culminated with Mr. Smith’s work as Deputy Commander for Administration of the Army Community Hos-pital at Fort Benning, Georgia. While in the military, Mr. Smith was inducted into the Order of Military Medical Merit, an honorary organization which recognizes lead-ership and significant contributions to the Army Medical Department. He also earned the Expert Field Medical Badge and received the Army Legion of Merit for exceptional meri-torious conduct in the performance of out-standing services and achievements. After retiring from the military in 2005, Mr. Smith began serving as Assistant Director and thereafter Director of the Central Texas Vet-erans Affairs Hospital. After eight years there, Mr. Smith accepted the Directorship role at the Birmingham Veterans Affairs Medical Center. For those who had the opportunity to work with Mr. Smith he will always be remembered as a tireless servant leader who cared deeply for our Veterans, appreciated those who worked with him, and related to everyone with compassion and respect. While Mr. Smith dedicated himself fully to caring for Service Members and Veterans, he was also a devoted father and husband. He was always happiest when he was surrounded by his loving wife, his children, and his grand-children. Mr. Smith’s Catholic faith was of the utmost importance to him, and he truly sought to live each day according to Christ’s example. On a personal note, I got to know Mr. Smith when he assumed the role of Director of the Birmingham VA Medical Center. Mr. Smith was a true patriot who led by example. His warm smile and engaging spirit greeted every Service Member and Veteran that sought care at the Birmingham VA Hospital. Mr. Smith made a positive and lasting impact on the Vet-eran community in Birmingham. His legacy will live on in the many people he touched through his long career providing quality health care to our military Service Members and Veterans. Mr. Smith is survived by his wife, JoDean, son Justin and daughter-in-law Molly, son Drew and daughter-in-law Angie, daughter Adrienne and son-in-law Richard Stravitsch, daughter Emily and son-in-law Daniel Henson, daughter Laura, daughter Kathleen, and four-teen grandchildren. He is also survived by his sisters, Kaye Latulippe, Phyllis Mann, and Deborah Smith. He is proceeded in death by his parents, Thomas C. Smith II and Ganelle Putnam Smith. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th Congres-sional District and the State of Alabama, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the ca-reer and incredible contributions of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Smith III. He served his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.002 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1665 December 13, 2018 
country well, and his contributions as a serv-ant leader will be remembered in Alabama for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTER FOR EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION 
HON. SCOTT H. PETERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Center for Excellence in Edu-cation, a non-profit that sparks curiosity in high school and university students in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields, on 35 years of service to communities across the country. Because of CEE’s collabo-rative work, students, teachers, researchers, and leaders are successfully paving the way for a new generation of STEM leaders. San Diegans know the value of promoting STEM opportunities. Some of our region’s big-gest employers are biotech companies, look-ing to our students for their future researchers in part thanks to CEE’s work and alumni. One of the largest economic drivers in our region is our innovation economy, which relies on a workforce versed in STEM fields. CEE spon-sors free programs that connect students and their teachers to educational institutions, pri-vate foundations, corporations, and govern-ment agencies, to help prepare students across the country for these high-quality jobs. Teachers also have benefitted from CEE en-richment programs offered in California and other states across the country. This past year, UC San Diego—one of our burgeoning centers for innovation—hosted CEE’s USA Bi-ology Olympiad. As San Diego and our country continue to invest in STEM education and encourage stu-dents to be curious and connect with profes-sionals, CEE sets a vision for that future. Their commitment to 35 years of service across the country deserves praise and recognition, and I am proud to congratulate them on their suc-cesses. 
f 
HONORING PACIFIC GROVE MAYOR BILL KAMPE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retiring Mayor of Pacific Grove, Bill Kampe for his career in public service and his commitment to the people of the central coast of California. His professional accomplish-ments and leadership in the community have affected the lives of many. Throughout his ten years in public office, Mayor Kampe served the City of Pacific Grove as a dynamic and effective leader. Mayor Kampe endeavored in his three terms as Mayor and two terms as a Councilmember to improve the city’s infrastructure, allowing visi-tors and residents to continue enjoying the breathtaking vistas and charming storefronts. Mayor Kampe has been a strong advocate for ocean protection, including procuring the Lovers Point Watershed project to help pre-serve our National Marine Sanctuary. Mayor Kampe also updated the city’s Historic Preser-vation Ordinance to preserve city resources and maintain the city’s historic properties. In addition to his distinguished service as Mayor and Councilmember, Mayor Kampe holds several regional leadership roles that greatly benefit our community on the Central Coast. As President of the Monterey Penin-sula Regional Water Authority, he has worked to help remediate water shortages on the Monterey Peninsula. Additionally, Mayor Kampe has dedicated his time to representing Pacific Grove on the Fort Ord Reuse Author-ity, an entity overseeing the development of the former military base Fort Ord. As a Navy veteran, Mayor Kampe has ensured that local resources remain accessible for local veterans and active-duty members of the military. Throughout his career, Mayor Kampe prioritized the importance of giving back to our community’s youth by hosting mock City Council meetings. Through this program, stu-dents are inspired to engage with current issues in Pacific Grove and learn the value of civic engagement. This spirit of service is evi-dent in Mayor Kampe’s service as a member of the Pacific Grove Beautification Committee and the Pacific Grove Rotary Club, and his volunteer contributions at countless town func-tions and events. I thank Mayor Kampe for his service to his country, community, and the City of Pacific Grove. As he celebrates his retirement, I am proud to commend him on his invaluable work as a public servant for the past decade. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing former Mayor of Pacific Grove, Bill Kampe, on his career of service and congratu-late him on a well-earned retirement. f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF RONALD G. RATLIFF, JR. 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Chief Ronald G. Ratliff, Jr., for his life of service to our nation in the United States Navy. Chief Ratliff, coming from a family of coal miners in Elkhorn City, Kentucky, raised his right hand to enlist in the United States Navy in 1995. For the last 23 years, Ronnie has served with distinction—both here at home and around the world, charging forward as his career in the Navy legal field took him from Kentucky to Rhode Island and California to Guam, with deployments in between. Fol-lowing the completion of Navy legal training in Rhode Island, his first assignment was in San Diego, where he provided critical legal assist-ance to our sailors and marines. He was then sent to Guam, where he handled all military justice matters for the command. Chief Ratliff returned to San Diego to serve as a Discipline Officer and paralegal to the Commander of the Navy Region Southwest, before volunteering to deploy in support of Op-eration Iraqi Freedom. He served two addi-tional deployments, and was promoted to Chief Petty Officer. Given his great success, Chief Ratliff was given the opportunity to at-tend the United States Coast Guard Chief Petty Officer’s Academy in California, rep-resenting the Navy and maintaining the strong relationship with the Coast Guard. He was then sent to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, where he served as Staff Judge Advocate LCPO and Discipline Officer. In 2014, Chief Ratliff was selected as the U.S. Navy’s first enlisted member of its pres-tigious Defense Fellow program with the Office of Legislative Affairs. Chief Ratliff first served in the office of my friend from California, Con-gresswoman SUSAN DAVIS. During his time in Congresswoman D
AVIS’s office, Chief Ratliff provided critical counsel and assistance in helping Congresswoman D
AVIS achieve her goals on the House Armed Services Com-mittee. Upon completion of the fellowship in 2016, Chief Ratliff joined the Navy Office of Legislative Affairs as a Congressional Liaison Officer. In this role, Chief Ratliff has served as a critical resource, helping members of Con-gress and their staffs understand the critical issues facing the U.S. Navy and its sailors. He has also escorted countless Members of Con-gress, personal staff and professional staff on Congressional Delegations or Staff Delega-tions within the United States and around the world, advancing the mission of the U.S. Navy. As a fellow Kentuckian, I could not be more proud of the career of Chief Ronnie Ratliff. It is honorable servicemen like Chief Ratliff who inspire us each and every day, and I wish him all the best as he enters into retirement. Con-gratulations, Chief Ratliff, and God speed. 
f 
HONORING PETE HOOD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Pete Hood for his contribution to our state. Pete has had a long and distinguished ca-reer working as a Human Resources execu-tive for the United Parcel Service (UPS) in In-diana. Pete is set to retire at the end of this year. I would like to congratulate him on a long career and wish him all the best in his re-tirement. Throughout Pete’s career, he has been a champion for UPS’s culture and values. Pete will consistently tell you that UPS is a unique company with its own way of doing things. De-liberately. Precisely. Efficiently. With Integrity. To me, Pete embodies those principles. Over the years, Pete and I have become friends. Pete has taken me on tours of several different UPS facilities around the state, and he even convinced me to wear the iconic brown uniform and ride around in a delivery truck. I’ve enjoyed the time we have gotten to spend together and have appreciated his wise counsel and advice. I would like to thank Pete for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13DE8.002 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1666 December 13, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHELLE ASH’S 25 YEARS OF HOUSE SERVICE 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the longtime service of Michelle Ash to the House of the Representatives. Michelle is leaving Congress after 25 years of distin-guished service. For 25 years this institution has greatly ben-efited from Michelle’s passion for protecting consumers. Over the last decade, as the En-ergy and Commerce Committee’s Chief Coun-sel for Consumer Protection, Michelle has been at the helm for many policy issues that directly impact consumers. Whether it be de-veloping the guidelines for ensuring that au-tonomous vehicles are safe, keeping unsafe toys off the shelves, ensuring safe packing of toxic substances, fighting to protect Ameri-cans’ personal data from abuse and misuse, or protecting consumers from scams, Michelle always puts consumers first. A native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Michelle decided soon after graduating from law school that a career in a law firm was not where she saw herself making a difference. Instead, she wanted to be involved in crafting policy, and there was no better place to do that than here in Washington. Michelle began her career in the House in the office of then-Congressman Ben Cardin of Maryland. There she focused on foreign af-fairs, the judiciary, Social Security, and con-gressional ethics. In 1997, she served for a short time as counsel for the House Ethics Reform Task Force. In 1998, she joined the staff of the Over-sight and Government Reform Committee as Chief Legislative Counsel for then Ranking Member Henry Waxman. At OGR Michelle fo-cused on legislative initiatives that brought more transparency to government, including initiatives to protect whistleblowers. Ten years later, in 2009, when Congress-man Waxman became Chairman of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, Michelle moved over with him to serve as the Commit-tee’s Chief Counsel on Consumer Protection. Over the last ten years, Michelle has been a determined consumer advocate, pressing federal agencies to put safety first by using all the tools and authorities at their disposal to protect consumers and holding companies ac-countable when their actions harm consumers. She has pushed the Consumer Product Safety Commission to take swift action to protect Americans, and particularly children, from fur-niture tip-overs, dangerously strong magnets that were being swallowed by kids, liquid nico-tine improperly packed and being ingested by kids, and much more. She has continuously fought to give the Federal Trade Commission more authority to fulfill its mission to prevent harm to con-sumers, not just taking enforcement action after harm has already been done. She has also worked to advance the cause of auto safety—urging more effective and expedient action on deadly unintended acceleration and brake failures, faulty ignition switches that pre-vented airbags from deploying, and exploding airbags that turned a safety device into a death device. And at the same time, she has been a mentor to many young staffers, shar-ing with them the benefits of her experience and expertise. Having spent 25 years working on Capitol Hill, there have been many late nights and weekends spent negotiating legislative lan-guage and preparing for committee hearings, and I want to acknowledge the support Michelle has received from her husband, Doug Klein, and children, Erin and Sasha. Mr. Speaker, American consumers are safer today thanks to Michelle Ash’s 25 years in Congress. I wish her nothing but the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHARLES KINS FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Charles Kins of Eureka, a recipi-ent of the 2018 Montana Congressional Vet-eran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Kins answered his country’s call to serv-ice by enlisting in the United States Marine Corps in 1967, during the Vietnam War. He served four years on active duty, stationed mainly in Japan, and two years as a Marine Corps Reservist. Mr. Kins is a proud supporter and member of his local American Legion Post 74 in Eure-ka, and a dedicated volunteer and advocate for seniors in his community. He is actively in-volved with the Tobacco Valley Senior Citi-zens Center providing hot meals for seniors and maintenance of the community center. In 2016, his dedication earned him the Senior Center’s ‘‘Senior of the Year’’ award. Even though he’s nearing his 70th year, Mr. Kins continues to dedicate himself to serving others in his community. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Charles Kins for his dedication and service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NAZARETH ACADEMY FOOTBALL TEAM FOR THEIR 2018 STATE CHAMPION-SHIP WIN 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Nazareth Academy Road-runners football team on winning their third state championship in 5 years. The players’ commitment in reaching this goal is truly com-mendable. On November 24th, Nazareth Academy won the Class 7A Illinois state foot-ball championship with a 31–10 victory over Saint Charles North High School at Memorial Stadium in Champaign. I would like to recog-nize all of the time the players, staff, and fami-lies have put in to this endeavor, and com-mend them on their dedication and persever-ance. I also want to congratulate Coach Tim Racki and the Principal of Nazareth Academy, Jim Meredith, for mentoring these young men and leading them to victory. During the championship game, senior re-ceivers Michael Love and Diamond Evans fin-ished the game with 166 and 125 all-purpose yards respectively. They were supported by sophomore quarterback J.J. McCarthy who completed 15 of 24 passes, for 201 yards. This victory completed a near perfect 13–1 season for the Roadrunners, allowing Naza-reth to claim their third championship in five years, adding this 7A title to their ones in the 6A and 5A divisions. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Nazareth Academy Road-runners football team and to congratulate them on their IHSA Class 7A State Champion-ship. And I wish each player continued suc-cess as he moves forward. f 
HONORING THE WATKINS HOR-NETS AND RIDGE ROAD TITANS FOOTBALL ASSOCIATIONS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing two District of Columbia-based organizations, the Watkins Hornets Youth As-sociation and the Ridge Road Titans Youth Coalition, on winning the American Youth Football National Championships. On December 7, 2018, the Watkins Hornets and the Ridge Road Titans traveled to Florida to compete in the American Youth Football National Championships for their respective age groups, ranging from nine to 13 years old. Each of these student athletes, as well as their parents and coaches, persevered through a long season, balancing school, football and other extracurricular activities to become na-tional champions. Watkins Recreation Center and Ridge Road Recreation Center, which house their respec-tive football teams, are among the elite when it comes to football. They place a strong em-phasis on players as students first and ath-letes second. Located in the heart of the Dis-trict’s Wards 6 and 7, these organizations have been vital to their surrounding commu-nities, providing programs to at-risk youth and families. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in congratulating these stu-dent athletes, parents and coaches on a job well done, as well as in acknowledging the work of both of these organizations in being community strongholds. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on December 12, 2018, I missed Roll Call Vote 434. As I ar-gued on the floor during debate on the rule for the bill, had I been present, I would have voted YES on the farm bill conference report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.006 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1667 December 13, 2018 
SHARON HAISLIP RETIREMENT FROM JPL GOLDSTONE DEEP SPACE COMMUNICATION COM-PLEX 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the contributions that Sharon Haislip has made throughout her forty years of serv-ice towards the JPL Goldstone Deep Space Communication Complex (GDSCC). Sharon began her career in Logistics at the GDSCC, and was promoted several times until becoming Production Control Specialist, and eventually served on the CSOC contract work-ing as Property Coordinator. Her hard work and commitment led to expanded responsibil-ities as she developed a detailed knowledge of government property management. In the Property Office, Sharon was responsible for a wide range of logistics including government reporting and inventory of NASA property. Her work provided valuable records for gathering and tracking information on the history of an asset, including its status and performance ca-pabilities. This information was critical to in-sure continued operation of telecommuni-cations equipment across multiple sites as it was moved from location to location around the Goldstone complex. Sharon Haislip retires on December 20, 2018. Her diligence towards her work has con-tributed significantly to the success of JPL NASA’s Deep Space Network as each manned spaceflight mission, landing and plan-etary encounter has contributed towards humankind’s understanding of the solar sys-tem and beyond. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I thank Sharon for all her contributions towards our local community and the future planetary ad-vances that will result from her work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MELISSA KLOIBER FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CON-GRESSIONAL VETERAN COM-MENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Melissa Kloiber of Great Falls, a recipient of the 2018 Montana Congressional Veteran Commendation for her service to her country and leadership in her community. With a family tradition of service in our country’s armed forces stretching back gen-erations, Mrs. Kloiber joined the United States Air Force immediately after high school. She served our country’s men and women wound-ed in action as an Aeromedical Evacuation Technician from 1992 to 1996 on both active duty and in the Air Force Reserves. In 2011, Melissa’s 6-month-old daughter Jacey was diagnosed with Spinal Muscular At-rophy. Doctors said it was unlikely Jacey would make it to her second birthday. But with undaunted spirits, Melisa and her husband Allan, also an Air Force veteran, helped Jacey beat the odds, and, thankfully, Jacey started 2nd grade this year. Mrs. Kloiber is using the knowledge and ex-perience she gained in helping her daughter to help others. She started Jacey’s Journey, a non-profit organization that provides education and assistance to families with children suf-fering from neuromuscular disorders. To assist Jacey, the Kloiber’s developed a unique mobil-ity device known as an Angel Arm, and through Jacey’s Journey, more than 200 of the devices have been provided for children around the world. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Melissa Kloiber for her dedica-tion and service. f 
RECOGNIZING THE INDEPENDENT TRANSPORTATION NETWORK OF AMERICA FOR PROVIDING ONE MILLION RIDES 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to recognize the Independent Transportation Network of America (ITN) for the selfless feat of providing one million rides to elderly and visually challenged people across the United States. This House Resolution commends ITN, a nonprofit, for serving the common good and making it possible for people to continue to be active participants in their communities after they can no longer drive safely. ITN America founder Katherine Freund and her son were in a near fatal car accident. Rather than blame the other driver, an elderly man, Katherine realized that there were too few public transportation options available for elderly or visually impaired individuals to navi-gate their communities. In 1995 the Inde-pendent Transportation Network of America was born to respond to this critical community need. Because of Ms. Freund and her col-leagues’ passionate study of resources, logis-tics and technology, ITN to grow into a na-tional consortium of thirteen affiliates in twelve states. In my district, ITN America is much more than a taxi service. Drivers go above and be-yond to ensure clients have a positive door-to- door experience while accommodating for lug-gage and other needs. ITN is constantly lauded for their outstanding customer service and prompt availability around the clock. In a letter to the editor of the Portland Press Her-ald, an ITN client effused her relief that she no longer has to worry about how she would make it to appointments or simply drive to the ocean on the weekend. ITN has restored the dignity of countless persons who have retired from driving or never had the privilege to drive—granting them agency over the life they deserve. I was pleased to introduce H. Res. 851 ear-lier this year, which further recognizes the substantial achievements of ITN America and its valuable contributions to countless commu-nities. Again, I congratulate the Independent Transportation Network of America and their incredible team for their exemplary leadership in achieving the milestone of one million rides. Remarkably, this marker hardly quantifies the transformative impact they have had on so many lives and I look forward to supporting ITN’ s continued advocacy for the elderly and those unable to drive in Maine and across our nation. f 
HONORING DOGGER DICKEY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Dogger Dickey for his contribution to our state and our District. Dogger works for Hillenbrand Capital Part-ners and has been making the trains run on time for years. He has always been involved in Indiana politics and has continuously volun-teered his time and resources toward improv-ing the quality of life for his fellow Hoosiers. It has been an honor to work with him. On a personal note, Dogger was among my earliest and most vocal supporters. He is a loyal confidant and wise adviser. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish Dogger continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
HONORING BARBARA BAILEY 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Barbara Bailey, an extraordinary leader who will be re-membered for her tireless advocacy for LGBTQ communities and communities of color. Barbara was a prominent Seattle presence, having run the independent bookstore Bailey/ Coy Books for many years. Over that time, her Capitol Hill bookstore served as a key safe haven, and an inclusive space for LGBTQ in-dividuals—particularly, during an era when prejudice, stigma, and discrimination against the LGBTQ community remained rife. During the height of the HIV/AIDS crisis, Barbara was part of a courageous group of activists who founded the Pride Foundation, with the vision of creating a community of shared humanity and expanding opportunities for LGBTQ peoples. With her passion, vol-unteerism, and conviction, Barbara helped lead the Pride Foundation at a critical moment in history, and helped to cultivate it into one of the leading LGBTQ organizations in the Pa-cific Northwest. To date, the Pride Foundation has remained on the forefront of pursuing eq-uity and positive systemic change in our soci-ety. Barbara remained resolute in her tireless advocacy for equality throughout her life. Whether fundraising for organizations, sup-porting local candidates who shared her val-ues, advocating on the Lambda Legal Board of Directors, or serving as a member of the Greater Seattle Business Association (GSBA), Barbara Bailey’s activism and principles paved the way for LGBTQ people in the region. Her legacy lives on through the Barbara Bailey Scholarship Fund, which will empower a new generation of leaders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.011 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1668 December 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor and hu-mility that I recognize the life of Barbara Bai-ley, a champion of civil rights in the Seattle area and whose impact will endure through the many lives which she inspired. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DONNA L. YEE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. Donna L. Yee as she retires as the Chief Executive Officer of the Asian Community Center (ACC) Senior Services. As colleagues, friends and family gather to honor her work, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring her for her leadership at ACC Senior Services, as well as for her dedication to our community. For seventeen years, Dr. Yee has been in-strumental in advancing the indispensable support that ACC Senior Services provides to the senior members of our community. Her leadership has led to not only the improve-ment of the organization’s longtime rec-reational, transportation, and housing services, but also the establishment of new programs that provide support and understanding to seniors and their families and caregivers. Dur-ing Dr. Yee’s tenure at ACC Senior Services we have witnessed the opening of ACC Park City and the launch of ACC Lifelong learning And Wellness classes and workshops, which later became ACC Care Center, focusing on family caregiver support and service needs. ACC RIDES provides transportation for sen-iors to get to their appointments. Bridge to Healthy Families was created, giving support to families with loved ones with Alzheimer’s and dementia. ACC Greenhaven Terrace, an independent living and assisted living facility for our senior community was established, as well as the Memory Care residential facility at Maple Tree. We also saw the establishment of Meals on Wheels by ACC providing nutrition services to seniors. Dr. Yee’s background of over four decades in social science research and experience in hospital services have shaped her into a lead-er in person-centered care and health. Donna received her Master of Social Work from the University of Washington and her Ph.D. in So-cial Policy at the Heller School, Brandeis Uni-versity. Because of Dr. Yee’s leadership, ACC Senior Services will continue to grow with the goal of identifying, developing, and providing culturally sensitive health and social services for seniors. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Dr. Donna L. Yee for seventeen years of suc-cessful leadership and to thank her for the work she has done to promote the quality and access of services for our senior citizens. She and her team have served our community well, and I ask all my colleagues to join me in acknowledging her outstanding accomplish-ments. HONORING THE CAREER AND AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF HICKORY HILLS POLICE CHIEF ALAN T. VODICKA HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief Alan T. Vodicka and recognize his accomplishments as Chief of the Hickory Hills Police Department. Chief Vodicka’s combined 42 years of service and dedication are nothing short of remarkable. As he prepares to retire, we cannot help but admire his service and hope that his distinguished tenure stands as an example to all officers. Chief Alan Vodicka, a native Chicagoan raised in Mount Greenwood on the Southwest Side of the city, began his longstanding career with the Hickory Hills Police Department in 1976 after earning a B.A. from the University of Illinois Chicago Circle Campus that same year. Throughout his time with the Hickory Hills Police Department, he has served in many capacities, ranging from a Patrol and Juvenile Officer to Supervisor of Investigation, with his career eventually culminating in a pro-motion to Chief of Police in 2001. He has also served as President of the 5th District Chief of Police and the Hickory Hills Pension Board, Chairman of the 5th District SWAT, and Direc-tor for both the Southwest Major Crimes Task Force and the South Suburban Major Crimes Task Force. Chief Vodicka also earned an M.A. in Crimi-nal Justice from the University of Illinois Chi-cago, an M.Ed. from the University of Illinois in Instructional Leadership, and studied at the Illinois Law Enforcement Executive Institute. He has shared his expertise with others, serv-ing as a member of the faculty at Moraine Val-ley Community College and as Vice President of the North Palos School District 117 Board. He takes pride in working with various civic or-ganizations and particularly enjoys engaging with youth. As an active volunteer coach with the Hickory Hills Park District and the Hickory Hills Youth Baseball, Chief Vodicka has shown a well-rounded and genuine commitment to his community. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Chief Alan T. Vodicka. This outstanding public servant has devoted his life to keeping the citi-zens of Hickory Hills safe and has improved the lives of countless individuals. I congratu-late him on his accomplishments, thank him for his service, and wish him well in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF OF-FICER GIBSON’S DISTINGUISHED ACTIONS ON SEPTEMBER 21, 2018 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroic efforts of Officer David Gib-son in preventing loss of life while in the line of duty. On September 21, 2018 Officer Gibson came to assist a woman threatening to drive her car off a cliff, in an apparent suicide at-tempt. While another officer distracted the woman, Officer Gibson rushed to her vehicle from the opposite side, jumped in through an open window through the passenger’s side and shut down the vehicle, risking great per-sonal harm but successfully halting it’s move-ment further off the cliff. The woman fought with Officer Gibson to restart the vehicle, but both officers were able to regain control and prevent her from turning on the vehicle again. Afterwards she was taken into custody and transported to a medical facility. Officer Gibson demonstrated extreme devo-tion to his duty and the protection of others by endangering himself in an effort to save the life of another. These actions are honorable and representative of the great lengths our first responders go to better keep our commu-nity safe. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I thank Officer Gib-son. His actions are recognized and it is an honor to have him serving the constituents of California’s Eighth Congressional District. f 
STANDING WITH THE UKRAINIAN PEOPLE AGAINST RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 1162 and voice my outrage at continued Russian violations of Ukrainian sovereignty. The list of Russian provocations is lengthy. Russia has fueled the war in the Donbas, first by providing material and mercenary sup-port to armed separatists and later by sending in troops to fight directly. Russia also illegally invaded and occupied the Crimean Peninsula. Additionally, Russian-backed separatists using Russian-supplied weaponry shot down a pas-senger airliner, killing 298 innocent civilians. To this day, Russia refuses to accept respon-sibility despite overwhelming evidence. Most recently, Russian ships seized and boarded Ukrainian vessels sailing between two Ukrain-ian ports in the Kerch Strait, detaining Ukrain-ian sailors. This violation of international law cannot go unmet. What happens to Ukraine matters to the United States because violations of inter-national borders and maritime law harm the United States. The United States benefits greatly from the rules-based order it set up with a coalition of countries after World War II. Any violation of these rules and norms must be responded to appropriately. Now that H. Res. 1162 has passed on voice vote, I call on my colleagues in Congress and the adminis-tration to explore further ways to hold Russia accountable for its blatant violations of Ukrain-ian sovereignty. Finally, as the Ukrainian gov-ernment works to strengthen transparency and the rule of law, I urge my colleagues in Con-gress to be willing partners to secure the ben-efits of democracy and stability for the Ukrain-ian people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.015 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1669 December 13, 2018 
RECOGNIZING LOUIS LOADER FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Louis Loader of Hobson, a recipi-ent of the 2018 Montana Congressional Vet-eran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Loader served his country proudly in the United States Navy as an Operations Spe-cialist aboard the U.S.S. Boxer. He was on ac-tive duty in the Korean Theater during the Ko-rean War. He also served for 6 years in the U.S. Navy Reserve, retiring from duty in 1960. Mr. Loader’s contributions to his small com-munity of Hobson are felt on many levels. He is appreciated by the elderly in town for volun-tarily cutting their grass or meeting their needs no matter what the call. He is appreciated by the fire and rescue personal for being a willing volunteer and re-sponding to emergencies in the remote Sap-phire Village area. Mr. Loader is appreciated as a ‘‘model cit-izen’’ and an ‘‘integral part of this small com-munity,’’ says Hobson neighbor Christy Potter. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Louis Loader for his dedication and service. 
f 
HONORING RYAN HOU 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Ryan Hou for his con-tribution to the City of Columbus and our state. Ryan is a hard worker and has had an in-credible career as a job creator in Indiana. He started LHP Engineering Solutions in 2001, which provides engineering and technology in-tegration services for major U.S. corporations. The company has offices all over the world and employs more than 100 Hoosiers in Co-lumbus. Ryan is also very engaged in the community and has volunteered his time and resources for countless community efforts. On a personal note, Ryan is a loyal friend, trusted advisor and longtime supporter of my work in Congress. I will always appreciate Ryan’s positive spirit and wise counsel. If you are having a tough time, you can count on Ryan to remind you of the extraordinary op-portunity each day brings. I want to thank Ryan for his friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. HONORING DARLENE GUTHRIE HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired Elkhart Police Officer Darlene Guthrie. Her acts of selflessness, sacrifice, and public service have distinguished her among her peers, and she is well-deserving of recognition. For 20 years, Darlene served as a police of-ficer with the Elkhart Police Department, dis-playing a dedication to public safety and com-mitment to service that have truly made north-ern Indiana a better place to live. Now Darlene is serving her fellow Hoosiers by joining the Indiana Reserve Guard. Darlene has also spent countless hours res-cuing animals, helping her neighbors get back on their feet, and volunteering in her commu-nity. She combined her experience in law en-forcement with her passion for animals to be-come a nationally certified Animal Cruelty In-vestigator, eventually taking on the role of re-writing Elkhart County’s Animal Ordinance and updating the Elkhart Police Department’s ani-mal law summary. And she served on the Elk-hart County Humane Society’s Board for four years and even became interim director. She goes above and beyond in everything she does, and her drive to make a difference has not only shined light on the causes clos-est to her heart but has made her a local lead-er that organizations and institutions look to for guidance. Her distinguished leadership and love of family, community, and country are what brought her to her most recent accom-plishment at the age of 52: graduating from the Indiana Guard Reserve Basic Training on December 15, 2018. Darlene’s determination to never give up no matter what life brings is an inspiration to us all and teaches a positive message of perse-verance. We can all learn from someone who never shies away from a challenge and al-ways strives to do what is right. It is a privi-lege to represent Hoosiers like Darlene who continue to strengthen our community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Darlene Guthrie for her honorable service to the northern Indiana community, and congratulating her on her graduation to become a member of the Indiana Guard Re-serve. Darlene is a role model, a leader, and a dedicated public servant who inspires us all. 
f 
DEPARTURE OF THOMAS HUNGAR FROM THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Thomas G. Hungar for his dedicated service to the House of Representa-tives and specifically to the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. Hungar had a storied legal career be-fore becoming General Counsel to the House in 2016. He quickly became a trusted advisor to House Members, Officers, and staff on a variety of legal issues, and he has vigorously defended the institutional prerogatives of the House. Of special importance to the Committee on Ways and Means, Mr. Hungar greatly assisted our Members and staff in fulfilling the Commit-tee’s important constitutional oversight role. His expertise and guidance in connection with the Committee’s investigative and oversight activities, as well as its interactions with the Executive Branch, have been invaluable. The Committee has benefited greatly from Mr. Hungar’s counsel and litigation expertise. Mr. Hungar served the House with distinction, and he will be greatly missed. On behalf of the many Members of the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee staff, I say thank you. We extend to him our very best wishes. f 
RECOGNIZING DOUGLAS MASON FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CON-GRESSIONAL VETERAN COM-MENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Douglas Mason of Corvallis, a re-cipient of the Montana Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Mason joined the United States Army in 1981 and served with the Second Ranger Bat-talion, seeing action in Grenada in 1983. His military career included service as a Special Forces Green Beret Sergeant, and after being commissioned an officer through ROTC, he obtained the rank of Captain in the Infantry. He is a decorated veteran, and among his commendations are the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Valorous Unit Award, which recognizes ex-traordinary heroism in action against an armed enemy of the United States. After serving his country, Mr. Mason be-came Post Commander of Corvallis American Legion Post 91, using his leadership skills to promote patriotism and respect for veterans and the military. He helped establish the Cor-vallis Veterans Monument, expanded the Me-morial Day parade, and established the Vet-erans Day Parade. He was a driving force be-hind the creation of U.S. and POW flag dis-plays along Corvallis’ Main Street and each year he teaches flag etiquette to students in the community. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Douglas Mason for his dedica-tion and service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FILIPINO VET-ERANS AND THEIR SERVICE DURING WORLD WAR II 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Filipino veterans for their coura-geousness and selflessness in defense of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.020 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1670 December 13, 2018 
nation and the Philippines during World War II. As the members of the Sacramento Filipino World War II Veterans Group and the Filipino Veterans Recognition and Education Project gather today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring our veterans for their heroism, duty, sacrifice, and service to the United States of America. In 1941, President Roosevelt’s call-to-action elicited the enlistment of more than 250,000 Filipino soldiers. Our nation’s troops fought tirelessly and fearlessly in World War II, and many of the brave included Filipino soldiers who fought alongside American soldiers under the U.S. Army Forces. Throughout the dura-tion of the war, more than 57,000 were killed in combat, thousands suffered from severe wounds, and over 78,000 were missing in ac-tion. By the end of World War II, Filipino vet-erans were left with our country’s promise of full veterans’ benefits. However, that promise was rescinded, and Filipino veterans were left without the honor deserved. On November 30, 2016, the United States Congress passed the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2015, restoring Filipino veterans to the status of U.S. military veteran. Subsequently, on De-cember 14, 2016, President Barack Obama signed this Act into law. This momentous oc-casion delivered the overdue recognition for the selfless service of Filipino veterans during World War II. Mr. Speaker, as the members of the Sac-ramento Filipino World War II Veterans Group and The Filipino Veterans Recognition and Education Project celebrate the service of the World War II veterans, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their heroism in protecting our great nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES ROBINSON 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to James ‘‘Jim’’ Robin-son, who passed away on Tuesday, Decem-ber 4, 2018. Jim was an active and influential leader in Riverside County throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. Jim was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he developed asthma at a young age. To help provide him some relief, Jim’s family moved to California for drier air and a warmer climate. He graduated from San Bernardino High School and earned his bachelor’s degree from California State Los Angeles. While in college, Jim enlisted in the Army National Guard, earn-ing the Distinguished Cadet Honor and ob-tained the rank of Staff Sergeant. Jim contin-ued his education throughout his career, ob-taining his graduate degree from Southern Methodist University. Jim later completed Stanford University’s Financial Management Program in 1983 and the Harvard University Graduate School of Business Executive Pro-gram in 1987. Jim launched his career in banking as a messenger for Security First National Bank which later became Security Pacific National Bank. He entered the bank’s management training program and upon graduation oversaw the operations of a series of larger bank branches in the Inland Empire. During his ca-reer with Security Pacific National Bank, Jim would serve as a Regional Manager and a Di-vision Manager before deciding to retire from the bank in 1992. He was then immediately hired as the President and CEO of Riverside National Bank, at which he served as an exec-utive until again retiring in 2003. In 2005, Jim and a group of regional leaders formed Secu-rity Bank of California, a new community bank headquartered in Riverside. Jim served as the Chairman and CEO until the bank was sold in 2016 and he retired for the last time. During his career, Jim felt it was important to give back to the communities he served and sat on numerous boards in the regions he worked, in-cluding in Fresno, Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino Counties. Jim was preceded in death by his first wife Shirley Wilkins Robinson and his daughter Kristen Robinson Olsen. He is survived by his wife of 33 years, Barbara Robinson, his son Jamie Robinson, Jr., Jamie’s wife Melissa and their two daughters, Grace and Gabrielle, as well as son-in-law Craig Olsen and grand-daughter Mallory Olsen. I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to the entire Robinson family, his friends, and everyone who had the pleasure of knowing him. Although Jim may be gone, the many contributions he made in Riverside County will have a lasting impact. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARI HULMAN GEORGE 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Mari Hulman George, a pillar of the Indi-anapolis and international auto racing commu-nity and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (IMS). The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Mari’s passion for auto racing, stewardship of Indianapolis as the ‘‘Racing Capital of the World,’’ and decades of compassionate philanthropic work to the State of Indiana and the nation. A life-long Hoosier, Mari was born in Evans-ville, Indiana in 1934 to prominent business magnate Anton ‘‘Tony’’ Hulman, Jr. and Mary Fendrich Hulman. She attended school at St. Benedict in Terre Haute, the Ladywood School in Indianapolis, and Purdue University in West Lafayette. Throughout her lifetime Mari was deeply involved in the Hulman family busi-nesses, serving as the chairman of Hulman & Company, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Founda-tion. In addition, she served as a longtime board member of First Financial Bank, a pub-licly traded company headquartered in Terre Haute. Mari’s deep passion for auto racing began when her father purchased the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1945, saving it from dem-olition after World War II. The track soon be-came the cornerstone of her life, where she spent the majority of her formative years. In 1954, she joined with Roger Wolcott to form the HOW racing team, which fielded the Amer-ican Automobile Association (AAA) and the United States Auto Club (USAC) cars for sev-eral drivers. Among these drivers were Jerry Hoyt, Eddie Sachs, Tony Bettenhausen, Roger McCluskey, as well as Elmer George, whom she married in April 1957. A pioneer and a rarity in racing, Mari became a co-owner of a team that competed at the highest levels of Midwestern auto racing in the 1950s and 1960s. In 1988, Mari became Chairman of the Indi-anapolis Motor Speedway (IMS). Under her leadership, IMS continued to gain worldwide popularity with a number of innovations. In 2016, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway cele-brated the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500, a race that has played a tremendously significant role in the economic development of the City of Indianapolis and the State of In-diana. IMS prospered with the Indianapolis 500 and expanded its annual schedule beyond the ‘‘Month of May’’ to include the Brickyard 400 in the NASCAR Cup Series, the United States Grand Prix in the FIA Formula One World Championship, and the Red Bull Indian-apolis GP in the FIM MotoGP World Cham-pionship. These contributions to IMS and her charitable work in the racing community led to Mari being inducted into the IMS Auto Racing Hall of Fame in 2015. Her passion for racing and the Speedway became a platform for many of her philan-thropic efforts. At the Speedway, Mari hosted the ‘‘Save Arnold’’ Barbecue to benefit the In-diana Special Olympics every May for 25 years from 1981 through the mid-2000s. Driv-ers, racing personalities, and media partnered with Indiana Special Olympic athletes to com-plete various activities, raising one million dol-lars for the Indiana Special Olympics. Impor-tantly, Mari created and sponsored a program, which is still in effect today, allowing thou-sands of Indiana schoolchildren to visit the Speedway each May to learn about the con-nection between education and motorsports. Mari’s passion for racing was rivaled only by her passion for the arts, education, healthcare, and animal issues. She served as a trustee of the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology and made contributions to the Indianapolis Mu-seum of Art, Indiana State University, Purdue University, Indiana University, and Saint Mary- of-the-Woods College, among other institu-tions. Passionate about animal care, Mari became a leading charitable donor, especially for horses and greyhounds. Her love for animals led to the endowment and establishment of the Equine Science Program at Saint Mary-of- the-Woods in 1989, which was named the Mari Hulman George School of Equine Stud-ies to honor her continuous support. The school also conducts the Mari Hulman George Thoroughbred Adoption program to provide proper care for horses. Mari personally raised, bred, and rode horses at the family’s Circle S Ranch near Terre Haute, her family ranch in Wyoming, and at various stables in Florida. Her quarter horses and thoroughbreds com-peted in numerous events. As a tribute to her love and support of the sport, The Mari Hulman George Stakes was named in her honor and remains a prestigious annual race at Indiana Downs. In 2001, the Indiana De-partment of Homeland Security renamed its search-and-rescue training area at Camp Atterbury the Mari Hulman George Search and Rescue Training Center, recognizing Mari’s contribution to the care of animals displaced due to disasters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.025 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1671 December 13, 2018 
Mari will be forever missed by her family and loved ones and by the entire racing com-munity across Indiana and the world. The peo-ple of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are grateful for Mari’s service to our Hoosier com-munity and it is my privilege to honor her today. I extend my deepest condolences to Mari’s daughters, Nancy George, Josie George, and Kathi George-Conforti, son, Anton Hulman ‘‘Tony’’ George, stepdaughter, Carolyn Coffey, and their respective spouses, her many grandchildren and great-grand-children, and her longtime companion, Guy Trollinger. Her legacy as the matriarch of the racing capital of the world will live on for gen-erations to come through her family, friends, and colleagues. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RONALD MERWIN FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CON-GRESSIONAL VETERAN COM-MENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ronald Merwin of Ronan, a re-cipient of the 2018 Montana Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Merwin served 21 distinguished years in the United States Navy as a submarine spe-cialist. A member of the ‘‘silent service,’’ Mr. Merwin was a valued shipmate and officer on conventional and nuclear submarine deploy-ments during the height of the Cold War. He rose to the rank of Lieutenant Commander be-fore his retirement in 1981. Mr. Merwin is actively involved in numerous veterans and civic organizations serving his community. As Commander of VFW Post 5652 in Ronan, Mr. Merwin was awarded the rare honor of being named a VFW All Amer-ican Post Commander. He coordinates fund- raising events, youth programs, community celebrations, and was a board member of the Ninepipes Museum of Early Montana for 15 years. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Ronald Merwin for his dedication and service. 
f 
HONORING ANDY MORRISON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Andy Morrison for his contribution to our state. After a distinguished career as a high-rank-ing executive at Wellpoint, Andy now serves as the CEO of Fulcrum Sports, which pro-duces high quality performance nutrition solu-tions for athletes. Outside of work, Andy has been dedicated to improving the community in which he lives. It has been an honor to work with him in advancing our shared Republican principles. I have had the pleasure of knowing Andy for nearly a decade. He has been a good friend, wise advisor and loyal supporter during my entire tenure in Congress. I want to thank Andy for his friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE IN-CREASED TRANSPARENCY IN 501(
C)(4) ORGANIZATIONS ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Increased Transparency in 501(c)(4) Organizations Act of 2018. This bill would re-quire the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to make publicly available the forms organiza-tions self-declaring under Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) must file with the IRS. Americans have the right to know which organizations are operating under this section of the IRC. To be eligible for tax-exempt status under 501(c)(4), organizations, often referred to as ‘‘social welfare organizations,’’ must be ‘‘de-voted exclusively to charitable, educational, or recreational purposes.’’ They can choose to apply for 501(c)(4) status from the IRS, or they can simply self-declare. Previously, orga-nizations seeking to self-declare their 501(c)(4) status were not required even to no-tify the IRS of their existence. In 2015, how-ever, Congress enacted the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (the PATH Act). Under that law, an organization seeking to self-declare their 501(c)(4) status now must file a notice with the IRS that it is operating under this section. The PATH Act did not, however, make the new notice form, Form 8976, subject to public disclosure. The IRS has opined that Form 8976 cannot be made available under the Freedom of Infor-mation Act or other disclosure laws. This cre-ates a discrepancy between all organizations operating under Section 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) organizations that applied that for status, for which the IRS must make publicly available information on their existence, and self-declared 501(c)(4) organizations. This dis-crepancy appears to have been inadvertently created by Congress when it passed the PATH Act. My bill would correct this oversight and mandate that the IRS publicly disclose Form 8976 upon request, thus allowing the public to know which organizations exist under 501(c)(4). In the aftermath of the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, which allows for unlimited expenditure in political campaigns from these ‘‘social welfare’’ groups, this bill is especially important to allow for greater trans-parency. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on November 30, 2018 I missed a Roll Call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on No. 425. f 
RECOGNIZING ALFRED OLSON FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alfred Olson of Miles City, a re-cipient of the 2018 Montana Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Olson is a veteran of the United States Air Force. He served from 1956 to 1962 in the 4061st Civil Engineer Squadron, earning the Air Force Longevity Service Award, and attain-ing the rank of Airman 2nd Class. Serving his community as a dedicated Sen-ior Corp RSVP volunteer, Mr. Olson has driv-en nearly 100,000 miles and logged over 10,000 hours transporting veterans to medical appointments. But Mr. Olson provides much more than just transportation. His kindness and dedication to the needs of Montana’s vet-erans enhances their quality of life with friend-ly interaction, meals, and comfort. Mr. Olson never hesitates to go the extra mile. On one occasion he spent an unplanned three days on the road giving comfort and care to a veteran who had surgery in Helena. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Alfred Olson for his dedication and service. 
f 
EDWARD MESSER RETIREMENT FROM JPL NASA DEEP SPACE NETWORK 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the contributions that Edward Messer has made throughout his thirty-five years of service towards the JPL Deep Space Network. Edward Messer’s 35 year contribution to our space program began in 1982, as an oper-ations Station technician in charge of handling spacecraft telecommunications for orbital sup-ports and support of human space missions. Edward soon had the opportunity to operate the Space Shuttle Command System, through which he manually transmitted commands to the shuttles, supporting many missions for the shuttle program. Additionally, Edward operated Shuttle TV which transmitted Shuttle live video to a global audience. In the late 1980’s, Ed-ward served as the Operations Chief Tech in the Deep Space Network, granting him the op-portunity to support various launches, land-ings, and orbit insertions, as well as estab-lishing and maintaining communication links with spacecraft journeying across the solar system. Missions throughout his career ranged from the launch of the Hubble Space Tele-scope and landing the Pathfinder mission on Mars to the orbital insertion and tracking of the Cassini mission studying the rings and moons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.027 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1672 December 13, 2018 
of Saturn. Edward was eventually promoted to Spacecraft Operations Shift Supervisor, giving him increased responsibility and oversight of a team of Link Operators. Edward Messer retired from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory on September 28, 2018. Edward’s commitment to his work and scientific endeavor has greatly contributed to our understanding of the solar system. On be-half of the United States House of Represent-atives, I thank Mr. Messer for all his contribu-tions towards our local community and the fu-ture planetary advances that will result from his work. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF OFFICER HUNTER EDWARDS, WINCHESTER POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep regret and sadness that I rise to share with you and our colleagues, the tragic news about the passing of a community hero of Winchester, Virginia, Police Officer Hunter Edwards. Officer Edwards is the second Win-chester police officer to have died in the line of duty and the residents of the close-knit community of Winchester and the Northern Shenandoah Valley are in profound grief over this tragedy. On November 24th, Officer Edwards died after his police cruiser skidded on a downhill, rain-slicked section of road and tragically crashed into a tree as he was quickly re-sponding to a call for help at a residence where a major altercation had broken out. Only 30 years old and recently married, Hun-ter had begun to experience the joy and satis-faction of family life with his wife, Tara Markley, and their four-year-old son, Landon. And since becoming a member of the Win-chester Police Department in the summer of 2014, Hunter’s professionalism and dedication to duty had resulted in his being assigned to the Civil Disturbance Unit and the SWAT Team, and as a field training officer for the Department. He had also earlier worked as a police officer with the Defense Intelligence Agency. As a nation of freedom-loving people, we are deeply grateful to our national and com-munity heroes, without whose selfless sacrifice we know, for a certainty, that we would not be free. When we tuck our children and grand-children into bed at night, and turn out the lights in our homes, we rest assured that he-roes like Hunter Edwards, who was working the second shift from 2:30 p.m. until 2:00 a.m., are protecting us from all evil and danger. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in echoing the sentiments of a grateful nation for the courageous service of Police Officer Hunter Edwards, and in ex-pressing prayers for Officer Edwards’ family as they cope with this tragic and untimely loss. May we be forever inspired by the duty and sacrifice of Officer Hunter Edwards, to ac-knowledge and support our police officers, sheriff’s deputies, fire fighters and other first responders and their families, and do what-ever we can in our own lives, to build strong-er, safer communities in which to live. IN RECOGNITION OF SPENCER WONG HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Spencer Wong as he retires as Chief of the Labor Market Information Divi-sion in the State of California Employment De-velopment Department (EDD). As colleagues, friends and family gather to honor his work, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring him for his leadership and his dedication to the people of California. For four decades, Mr. Wong has devoted his life’s work to the employment, labor, and research fields, thirty-eight of those years in the State of California Employment Develop-ment Department. At both the state and fed-eral levels, Mr. Wong has been a leader in the labor market information (LMI) arena. The list of Mr. Wong’s accomplishments is long. Mr. Wong implemented the integration of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act by developing products and services that en-hance services to the people of California. He continually stayed ahead of changing tech-nology, legislation and processes. Mr. Wong also developed and launched the new EDD Data Library, which ensures delivery of data in the most cost efficient, timely and accurate manner. Mr. Wong has served the State well in his multiple capacities. He is currently the State Co-Chairperson for the Current Employment Statistics (CES) Policy Council where he has worked diligently to restore communication be-tween the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) and the states. He serves on the Board of the LMI Institute, and has served on the National Association of Statewide Agencies (NASWA) committee and other councils. Mr. Wong also participates on the statewide California Drought Taskforce and provides data for drought impact studies conducted by Cali-fornia University of Davis researchers. He has also created The Regional Analysis and Sup-port Group (RASG), which strives to meet the goals of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Mr. Spencer Wong for forty years of success-ful leadership and service to the State of Cali-fornia. He leaves behind a legacy that is hard to match. I ask all my colleagues to join me in acknowledging his outstanding accomplish-ments and wish Mr. Wong the best in his re-tirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unable to cast votes on the following legislative measures. If I were present for roll call votes, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ for the fol-lowing vote: Roll No. 423, November 29, 2018: On Agreeing to the Resolution, H. Res. 1160, Pro-viding for consideration of the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the bound-ary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes. If I were present for roll call votes, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ for the following votes: Roll No. 424, November 29, 2018: On Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 7187, the National Flood Insurance Program Further Extension Act; and Roll No. 425, November 30, 2018: On Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 6901, the Federal CIO Author-ization Act of 2018. f 
RECOGNIZING MARTEL REUM FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Martel Reum of Wolf Point, a re-cipient of the 2018 Montana Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Reum served for 13 years in the United States Army. His service included two tours in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He was also an Army recruiter. Mr. Reum was recognized by the Army for his meritorious service and achievements and awarded multiple com-mendations, including the Army Commenda-tion Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, and the Gold Recruiter Badge. In service to his community, Mr. Reum is a Student Success Advocate at Fort Peck Com-munity College, where he helps students and veterans reach their educational goals through the college’s TRIO program. He is continuing his own education in Human Services with the goal of helping members of his community be free from chemical addiction. As a member of the Fort Peck Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes, Mr. Reum is helping to pro-mote the traditions of his tribe and preserve the Assiniboine language, teaching language classes at Fort Peck Community College. He also serves on the Fort Peck Assiniboine Council and volunteers at tribal and commu-nity ceremonies. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Martel Reum for his dedication and service. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR SHANE BRIONES 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the exemplary service of Major Shane Briones as an Army Congres-sional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liai-son for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller). Major Briones is transitioning from his current assignment to serve as a Plans Officer for U.S. Army Europe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.033 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1673 December 13, 2018 
A native of Pearl City, Hawaii, Major Briones was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Signal Corps from Officer Candidate School in 2006. He earned a Bachelor’s de-gree in Public Policy from The George Wash-ington University (GWU), a Master’s degree in IT Management from Webster University, and a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from GWU. Major Briones has served in a broad range of assignments during his 12 years as an Army officer, including Platoon Leader and Battalion Signal Officer at Fort Lewis, WA; Company Commander at Schofield Barracks, HI; and Legislative Liaison in Washington, D.C. He also has served two combat deploy-ments in Iraq with the 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division. I have had the privilege of working directly with Major Briones, first as a fellow in my Cap-itol Hill office throughout 2016 and, then, dur-ing his succeeding assignment as a Congres-sional Budget Liaison for the U.S. Army. His professionalism, performance, and commit-ment to the mission, as both a fellow and liai-son, are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and made a lasting impres-sion to both Members and staff of the United States Congress. Throughout his career, Major Briones has positively impacted sol-diers, peers, and superiors. On a personal level, I have had the honor of also meeting Major Briones’ family, who, as with all American military families, share his selfless commitment to our country. I thank his wife, Ilana, as well as his parents, Daniel and Roberta, for their sacrifices made in sup-porting his service to our country. Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleas-ure to have worked with Major Shane Briones since the second session of the 114th Con-gress. Our country has benefited from his ex-traordinary leadership, judgment, and passion for the Army profession. It is with great appre-ciation that I recognize and commend Major Briones for his service to our country and wish him all the best as he continues his service in the United States Army. 
f 
HONORING PATTI COONS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Patti Coons for her contribution to our state. Patti is an institution in Indiana politics and has been helping promote Republican prin-ciples for decades. She is a retired senior ex-ecutive for the Decorating Den Interiors fran-chise. It has been a pleasure to work with Patti, and our state is better off today because of her extraordinary leadership and service. I On a personal note, Patti is among my fa-vorite people who I have met on this journey in Congress. She is smart, strong, honest and loyal. With Patti, you always know where you stand. She is a great friend to my wife Jen-nifer, and we both appreciate all that Patti has done to help Jennifer with the Congressional Club. I will be forever grateful for Patti’s friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her family. f 
TRIBUTE TO WILFRED R. D EFOUR, SR. 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share with my colleagues’ sad news that has struck my community with the passing of Wilfred R. DeFour, Sr. at the incredible age of 100. Mr. DeFour was raised in Harlem; a proud alumnus of Dewitt Clinton High School in the Bronx; and later graduate of both the City Col-lege of New York and New York University School of Commerce . Mr. DeFour was an aircraft technician work-ing on many of the planes flown by the Tuskegee Airmen during World War II. In fact, Mr. DeFour painted the tails of aircraft red by hand that lent the airmen their signature mon-iker of ‘‘Red Tails’’. He was a man of extraordinary dignity, the highest character and a great sense of humor. He personified the magnanimity of his genera-tion that endured the division and animus of racial segregation in this country yet still fought for our country and its shared defense. Just a few weeks ago in New York City, I had the enormous privilege with my fellow elected officials and community leaders to offi-cially unveil the renaming of the Post Office lo-cated at 99 Macombs Place as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building.’’ Mr. DeFour was our guest of honor and shared with us his ex-perience and what his service meant to him. It is my intention to rename the Lincolnton Post Office located at 2266 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10037, where he worked after re-turning from his military service for over three decades. Just last month he said ‘‘I regret so many of my comrades are no longer here with us. It was a great experience. We didn’t know that we were making history at the time, we were just doing our jobs. That’s about the size of it.’’ For a man with a larger than life presence, what struck me and those around him was his humility and grace. He told us ‘‘After looking back at it, everyone was pleased with what we did. What we did, we did our best and our best was the greatest.’’ We are lesser without him and can only hope to strive to match; but never exceed his example. Godspeed Combat Technical Sergeant Wilfred R. DeFour, Sr. It was a pleasure to have known him. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CHINESE AMERICAN COUNCIL OF SAC-RAMENTO’S ANNUAL GOLD MOUNTAIN CELEBRATION 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of The Chinese American Council of Sacramento’s 31st Annual Gold Mountain Celebration. Each year, the Council celebrates the efforts of selfless community members in fostering intercultural relationships, increasing awareness for the cultural significance of Chi-nese Americans and all Pacific Islander Ameri-cans. This is in addition to their invaluable support for projects and programs that ad-dress the economically challenged members of the community that are often forgotten. This year’s honorees are staples in our community. The Hall of Fame recipient is the Chan Family of General Produce. They are a business built on three generations of dedica-tion to supplying the highest quality produce to the Sacramento community and beyond, in addition to providing 80 years of civic engage-ment. Receiving Frank Fat’s Founder Award is C.C. Yin, Founder of Asian Pacific Islander American Public Affairs. Originally created to empower leadership and representation for the Asian Pacific Islander Community, this organi-zation has inspired community involvement nationwide through fellowship, mentorship and education. The recipient of the Community Service Award is My Sister’s House. The organization provides invaluable services and is a haven for Asian Pacific Islander American women who are suffering from domestic violence. Since they began in 2000, My Sister’s House has provided resources and community to those seeking refuge from dangerous situa-tions. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to this celebration as it recognizes pillars in the Sacramento community and to praise them for another successful year for the Chinese Amer-ican Council of Sacramento. As unparalleled leaders, these individuals and organizations set an incredible example. f 
RECOGNIZING LADD PAULSON FOR THE 2018 MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ladd Paulson of Billings, a recipi-ent of the 2018 Montana Congressional Vet-eran Commendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Paulson enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1983 and served two deploy-ments in the South Pacific with the 3rd Bat-talion, 7th Marines and 3rd Battalion, 9th Ma-rines. He rose to the rank of Corporal through four years of active duty and two years as a reservist. Mr. Paulson served the Billings community as a law enforcement officer. He was active in the domestic violence task force and instru-mental in organizing local businesses to help in the prevention of domestic violence. He was awarded the Montana Law Enforcement Medal of Honor for his bravery under fire while ap-prehending an armed and dangerous criminal. Even after a service-connected injury forced him to retire in 2002, he remains active serv-ing others through his advocacy for disabled law enforcement officers. Mr. Paulson also volunteers his time in the Adopt-A-Cop program at area schools, as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.038 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1674 December 13, 2018 
law enforcement liaison to the Montana Motor-cycle Safety Advisory Council, and as a lunch-room aide at Arrowhead Elementary. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Ladd Paulson for his dedication and service. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
HON. ROBIN L. KELLY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because 2017 marked the greatest number of gun violence deaths in two dec-ades. Last year, we lost 39,773 Americans to gun violence—that’s more than 109 people killed each and every day. Despite these shocking and horrific statis-tics, despite the fact that more Americans are dying from gun violence, despite the fact that mothers are burying their children far too soon, this House—this Republican majority— has done nothing to stop the violence. Mr. Speaker, you and your team’s response to 39,773 dead Americans was to do nothing, zero, zilch? Why? What is the root of your inaction? Could it be the large numbers in those NRA checks that flood your campaign account and leadership PAC? Could it be the more than 30 million dollars that the NRA spent to elect President Donald J. Trump? Mr. Speaker, I have one question: why do those millions of dollars matter more than 39,773 American lives lost in one year? Why does any amount of money matter more to you and your caucus than the life of an American? Mr. Speaker, these are the names of more Americans that this Congress has failed— Americans killed or hurt by gun violence that has become an epidemic in our nation be-cause of Republican inaction. 
GUN VIOLENCE VICTIMS FROM TENNESSEE ’S 8TH  
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  1. Quincy Anderson, 24 2. Toby Bailey 3. Alonzo Scullark 4. Bruce Henderson 5. Christavian Toomes, 19 6. Isaiah Mccrory, 18 7. Braxton Watkins, 20 8. Sheila Scott 9. Trell Travis Terry, 23 10. Ben Cole Birdwell 11. Jaylon Cohen, 17 12. Jessica Hunt, 27 13. Marcus Jones, 18 14. Marlon Anderson, 21 15. Jessica Jones, 29 16. Demarrio Borum 17. Nageab Alshaif 18. Kevin Minter, 26 19. Jeremy Williams, 25 20. Tevin Murrell, 22 21. Darius Vaughn, 16 22. Daithan Cobb, 20 23. Kentavious Wilson, 19 24. Salvador Byassee 25. Tyion Taylor 26. Marlin Wallace 27. Jerron Luke McAlister, 12 28. Dennis Edward Neisler, 26 29. Troy ‘‘Tuman’’ Whitmore, 19 30. Deairrious Young, 20 31. Joshua Hadra, 22 32. Terry Edward Hill 33. Tychicus Randle 34. Jeffery Pickens 35. Kenneth Mahone, 29 36. Michael Jerod Harris, 21 37. Michael Morris 38. Lucinda Luna, 19 39. Andrew Deaundrey Curtis-Terry, 20 40. Charles Graves 41. Betsy Raines 42. Nancy Lewellyn 43. Rodney James Hess 44. Jarvis Miller, 27 45. Velma Paulette Garrett 46. Christopher Armstrong 47. William Vinson, 27 48. Tim Edwards 49. Jimmy Lee Lawson 50. Don Fitzgerald White 51. Shanice Amerson 52. Rontavious M. McKinley, 22 53. Desmond Travis, 23 54. Angela Pigue 55. Special Agent De’Greaun Frazier 56. Stephanie Boyd 57. William Boyd 58. Elia Hernandez, 17 59. Arric Lamont Ford, 22 60. Ronald Branch, 28 61. Peyton Gates 62. Gregory Robinson, 27 63. Mondarrius Miller 64. Jack S. Jetton 65. Clarence Evans, 20 66. Charles Kerr, 29 67. Tony Willoughby, 25 68. Samuel Johnson, Jr., 25 69. Michael Joseph Bartkiewicz 70. Mikkel Joy, 26 71. Ernest Emerson 72. Colton Tilley, 22 73. Sontonio Brown, 25 74. Jacky Ford 75. Crystal Shad Herbert-Weathers 76. Karri Baker 77. Beau Reid, 29 78. Alexandrea Bevis, 27 79. Virginia Dorris 80. David Laster 81. Ladarius Brooks 82. Matthew D. Belk, 27 83. Jennifer Herren 84. Harvey Gandy 85. James Roberson, 25 86. Ralph Faudree 87. Corey Williams 88. Cleate Andrew Davis 89. Willie Claybrook 90. A’Darius Flagg, 17 91. Tereon Taylor, 23 92. Officer Raymond Bond 93. Anastasia ‘‘Ana’’ Randoll, 4 94. Donna Green 95. Dilon C. McGee, 18 96. Johnnie Patricia Alston 97. Torhonda Cathey 98. Jarvis Antawn Hines, 23 99. Jodarius McNuckles, 18 100. Shomari Peterson, Jr., 17 101. Justin Williams, 20 102. Justin Neil Davis, 24 103. Jeffrey Nelson 104. Jamar Rogers, 24 105. Gary Morris, 24 106. Aljernon Lloyd Jr 107. Marcus A. Coleman, 27 108. Olivia Greenlee, 21 109. Houston Dewayne Brown, 26 110. Markel Owens, 21 111. Johnny Shivers, 36 112. Laura Ann Rains, 26 
GUN VIOLENCE VICTIMS FROM GEORGIA ’S 6TH  
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  113. Zachary Chambless, 17 114. Amber Marie Holliman 115. Patrick Nolan 116. Shurki Ali Said 117. Jason Lappe 118. Talathia Brooks 119. Elijah Smith 120. Clarence ‘‘Alex’’ Maddox 121. Elizabeth Reissiger 122. Ruth Reissiger 123. Kobe Williams, 17 124. Antuan McClain 125. Andrew Spencer 126. Cierra Ford, 25 127. Anthony Welch 128. Esmond Ford, 25 129. Luz Mariana Matheu 130. Natalie Henderson, 17 131. Carter Davis, 17 132. Howard L. Sewell 133. Cin Lam Mung 134. Sean Michael Turner, 17 135. Andres Arias, 16 136. Jhavares Doster, 20 137. Ja’Ron Acklin, 24 138. Ricardo Hernandez Ovalle, 22 139. Nena Harris 140. Robert Allen Harris 141. Antonio Bernabe 142. Doris Beardsley 143. Anthony Hill, 27 144. Donovan Thomas, 26 145. Jonas Douze Sr. 146. Daniel John Zeitz, 28 147. Sharon Wilkins 148. Dan Wilkins 149. Paul Anthony Santos 150. Justin Acevedo, 22 151. Takeenan Williams, 23 152. Armando Lopez Perez 153. Montavious Washington, 18 154. Daryus Johnson, 19 155. Darius Bottoms, 18 156. Nicholas Abry, 20 157. Spencer Long, 20 158. Michael Verucci, 30 GUN VIOLENCE VICTIMS FROM MISSOURI ’S 2ND  
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  159. Crystal Chrisp 160. Alexander Marley, 29 161. Thomas Hearst Jr. 162. Leroy D. Allen 163. Linda Cook 164. Johnny Cook 165. Michelle Moore 166. Michael Moore 167. Ramone Thomas, 26 168. Joshua Lanflisi 169. Jerrod Kershaw, 30 170. Shamarcus McCullough, 20 171. Clifton Knickmeyer 172. Kenna Daly 173. Christopher Daly 174. Jose Dominguez, 27 175. Owen Cadenbach, 4 176. Ethan Cadenbach, 5 177. Christopher Cadenbach, 43 178. Officer Blake Curtis Snyder 179. Rebecca Comer Kelleher 180. Carole Comer 181. John M. Comer 182. Thomas Patrick Comer 183. Roy Scott Baker 184. Irma Hipp 185. Jose Garcia, 26 186. Xzavier ‘‘Zae’’ Robinson, 3 187. Jacob Hohman 188. Larry Montgomery, 21 189. Marcus Hurst, 23 190. Alexis Church, 6 191. Colleen Church 192. Terry Tobey 193. Eric Meyer 194. Melissa McCart, 27 195. Ned R. Booker, 28 196. Omar Britt 197. Nickolas T. Gralike, 24 198. James Roesslein 199. Patsy Roesslein 200. Jacquelyn N. Adams, 22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.042 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1675 December 13, 2018 
201. Justin L. Frister 202. Dorvion Richardson, 25 203. Joseph Potter, 20 204. Douglas Potter 205. Anthony Kovac, 21, and 206. Wendy Hall-Onkle. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAVID MURILLO 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of David Murillo, as he retires as Regional Director, and Mid-Pacific Regional Director for the United State Bureau of Rec-lamation. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Murillo for his leadership and commitment to water management throughout Northern California, Western Nevada and Southern Oregon. Mr. Murillo has a long career in water man-agement in the greater western region. In his prior roles, Mr. Murillo oversaw operations in five regions across 17 Western States. Under his role as the Power Manager for the Grand Coulee Power Office, he managed the Grand Coulee and Hungry Horse Dams. Throughout his many years, Mr. Murillo has gained great experience from managing multi-faceted projects, and overseeing flood control, irriga-tion, hydropower production, recreation and managed benefits for fish and wildlife. Currently, Mr. Murillo has been responsible for one of the nation’s most complex and high-est-profile network of dams, reservoirs, canals and hydroelectric power plants—California’s Central Valley Project. The work he has ac-complished overseeing this impressive project will continue to impact the Sacramento and San Joaquin Valleys, as well as our central coast region, and many more vital regions in our state. Mr. Speaker, as family and friends join to celebrate Mr. Murillo’s successful and impactful career, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring his exemplary leadership and contribution to our water management and policy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LARRY ORDNER ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. LARRY BUCSHON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Larry Ordner upon his retire-ment after many honorable years of service to Hoosiers in Southwest Indiana. Born in Corydon, Larry has devoted his life to serving his fellow Hoosiers. The father of two, a loving husband, a soon-to-be grand-father, and a collector of Indiana art; there are few people like Larry Ordner. While the Eighth District will not be the same without him, we shall strive to live up to the example he has set. His kindness, patience, and dedication to serving the constituents of the 8th District and Southwest Indiana is unrivalled. After graduating from Indiana University, Larry started off his career in the banking in-dustry. After successfully working for many years in the private sector, Larry began his public service working on the staff of Senator Richard Lugar in 2002. While working for Sen-ator Lugar, he not only assisted constituents in dealing with the government and other case-work, but also helped to preserve our nation’s history, recording hundreds of interviews for the Veterans History Project. In 2013, Larry joined my staff as Field Di-rector, eventually rising to the position of Dep-uty District Director. During the time he has worked in my office, Larry’s years of public service and connections across the state have proved invaluable in interfacing with constitu-ents and in working with government organiza-tions in the Eighth District, such as the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane and Crane Army Ammunition Activity, with whom Larry helped my office maintain close relations. I consider myself lucky that I have come to know Larry very well from the hundreds of hours that we have spent driving across the 8th District in his ‘‘tin can’’ to meet with my constituents over the last five years. It is with profound gratitude for Mr. Ordner’s career of service to our state and our nation that I join his friends, family, and all Hoosiers in extending my best wishes in his retirement. f 
HONORING ROBERT KERSEY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Robert Kersey for his contribution to our state. Bob is the President of American Lawn Mower Company, which has been dedicated to creating jobs in Indiana for years. His com-pany is the only domestic manufacturer of reel mowers in the United States and commands a considerable share of the market. With a man-ufacturing facility in Shelbyville and an office in Muncie, American Lawn Mower Company is critical to the economy of the 6th Congres-sional District. I have had the pleasure of knowing Bob for nearly two decades. He is a loyal friend, trust-ed advisor and longtime supporter of my work in Congress. Most importantly, Bob is a man of faith who I greatly admire. I want to thank Bob for his friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
HONORING STANISLAUS COUNTY SHERIFF ADAM CHRISTIANSON 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson, who is retiring after nearly three decades of public service, including 12 years serving as Stanislaus County Sheriff. In 1988, Sheriff Christianson began his sto-ried law enforcement career by joining the Ceres Police Department. He was sworn into the Sheriff’s Office in January of 1996, where he has served ever since. As Deputy Sheriff he filled an impressive variety of roles as Pa-trol, K9 Handler and Supervisor, Bailiff, Field Training Officer and Detective. As Sergeant he was assigned to Patrol and supervised the High Tech Crimes Unit. As Lieutenant he worked in Homeland Security, Internal Affairs, and was the Northwest Area Commander. Sheriff Christianson has been a mainstay of the community throughout his time in office. Public Safety facilities have been expanded with more jail beds, a medical and mental health care unit, and a day reporting center, while the significant Public Safety Restoration Plan was completed with the support and funding of the Board of Supervisors. Sheriff Christianson capped off his tenure in office with the completion of the Coroner’s Facility and the Re-Entry and Enhanced Alternatives to Custody Training (REACT) Center. Sheriff Christianson began a stellar aca-demic career by earning a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice Management. He later graduated from the FBI Law Enforcement Ex-ecutive Development Course, the POST Exec-utive Development Course and West Point Leadership in Police Organizations. He also received an Executive Certificate from the Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training. Sheriff Christianson is married to the love of his life, Yvonne. Together they have two chil-dren, Nicole and Kyle. He is looking forward to spending more time with his family after retire-ment. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the outstanding contributions made to public safety and Stanislaus County by Sheriff Adam Christianson and hereby wish him continued success in his future endeav-ors. f 
HONORING ROY TULLIS 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 13, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Roy Tullis of Plainview, Texas, who passed away on September 26, 2018. Roy was born on November 25, 1940 in Sentinel, Oklahoma, to Glen and Dorothy Tullis. He grew up on a farm in Port, Okla-homa, until he was 12 years old, when the family moved to Hale Center, Texas. After graduating from high school he attended col-lege and went on to serve in the United States Air Force. From 1960 to 1964 he was sta-tioned in England and California, working in the Air Force as a teletype technician. After his service to the United States, Roy returned to Texas as a store manager for Gebo’s and, in 1979, joined his parent’s real estate and bail bonding business. Roy contin-ued to run the family business for almost 40 years. In 1992, Roy married his perfect mate, Ju-dith Adamek. Together they had a life that was filled with love and family, to include seven children, 13 grandchildren, and one great-grandson. Mr. Speaker, Roy’s life was defined by his service to those around him. He will be forever remembered as a veteran, a husband, a fa-ther, a grandfather, a great-grandfather, and a friend to many. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.045 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1676 December 13, 2018 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Tullis family. We also lift up the family and friends of Roy Tullis in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor his life and legacy. I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our veterans, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.050 E13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1279 Thursday, December 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S.J. Res. 54, Hostilities in the Republic of Yemen, as amended. Senate passed S. 3749, Amending the Congressional Accountability Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7531–S7626 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and nine resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3749–3759, S.J. Res. 69, and S. Res. 724–731.
                           Page S7586 
Measures Reported: S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–433) 
                                                                                    Pages S7583–84 
Measures Passed: Amending the Congressional Accountability Act: Senate passed S. 3749, to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and resolution of claims alleging that employing of-fices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment.
                                                           Pages S7540–48 
Hostilities in the Republic of Yemen: By 56 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 266), Senate passed S.J. Res. 54, to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress, after tak-ing action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S7534–65 
Adopted: By 58 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 263), Young Amendment No. 4080, to clarify that this resolution prohibits United States Armed Forces from refueling non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the ongoing civil war in Yemen. 
                                                                                    Pages S7534–65 By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 264), Corker (for Cornyn) Modified Amendment No. 4096, to provide that nothing in the joint resolution shall be construed to influence or disrupt any mili-tary operations and cooperation with Israel. 
                                                                                    Pages S7534–65 
Cornyn Amendment No. 4090, to require a report assessing risks posed by ceasing support operations with respect to the conflict between the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen.
      Pages S7534–65 
Cornyn Amendment No. 4095, to require a report assessing the increased risk of terrorist attacks in the United States if the Government of Saudi Arabia were to cease Yemen-related intelligence sharing with the United States.
                                  Pages S7534–65 
Rejected: Cotton Amendment No. 4097, to clarify that the requirement to remove United States Armed Forces does not apply to the provision of materials and ad-vice intended to reduce civilian casualties or further enable adherence to the Law of Armed Conflict. 
                                                                                    Pages S7534–64 
By 45 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 265), Cotton Amendment No. 4098, to clarify that the require-ment to remove United States Armed Forces does not apply to forces engaged in operations to support efforts to disrupt Houthi attacks against locations outside of Yemen, such as ballistic missile attacks, unmanned aerial vehicle attacks, maritime attacks against United States or international vessels, or ter-rorist attacks against civilian targets.
      Pages S7534–64 
Supporting a Diplomatic Solution in Yemen and Condemning the Murder of Jamal Khashoggi: Senate passed S.J. Res. 69, supporting a Diplomatic Solution in Yemen and Condemning the Murder of Jamal Khashoggi.
                                              Pages S7565–66 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1280 December 13, 2018 
Stigler Act Amendments: Senate passed H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (com-monly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to re-strictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7576 
Lankford/Inhofe Amendment No. 4110, to clarify certain provisions.
                                                      Page S7576 
Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Res-toration Act: Senate passed S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S7576–77 
Gila River Indian Community Federal Rights- of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act: Senate passed H.R. 4032, to confirm undocu-mented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community. 
                                                                                            Page S7578 
Indian Child Welfare Act 40th Anniversary: Committee on Indian Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 707, commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7578 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Founda-tion Act: Senate passed S. 2827, to amend the Mor-ris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7621 
McConnell (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 4112, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S7621 
Measuring the Economic Impact of Broadband Act: Senate passed S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                     Pages S7621–22 
Correcting Miscalculations in Veterans’ Pensions Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 4431, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing cer-tain annuity deposits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7622 Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act: Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6160, to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regula-tions regarding certifications and other criteria appli-cable to legislative branch employees under Wound-ed Warriors Federal Leave Act, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7622 
Preventing Maternal Deaths Act: Senate passed H.R. 1318, to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers.
                     Page S7622 
CURD Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. 2322, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S7622 
McConnell (for Johnson/Wyden) Amendment No. 4113, in the nature of substitute.
                     Page S7622 
National Law Enforcement Museum Commemo-rative Coin Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further con-sideration of S. 2863, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Museum in the District of Columbia, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7623 
AMBER Alert Nationwide Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 3461, to amend the PROTECT Act to expand the national AMBER Alert system to terri-tories of the United States, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S7624–25 
McConnell (for Schatz) Amendment No. 4111, to strike the funding provision.
                       Pages S7624–25 
Honoring the Life and Legacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 717, honoring the life and legacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7625 
Human Rights Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 731, designating December 10, 2018, as ‘‘Human Rights Day’’ and recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
                                                                                            Page S7625 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1281 December 13, 2018 
National Quantum Initiative Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 6227, to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accel-erate quantum research and development for the eco-nomic and national security of the United States, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
        Page S7625 
McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) Amendment No. 4114, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S7625 
House Messages: Save Our Seas Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 756, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international ac-tion to reduce marine debris, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S7566–78 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4108, to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison.
                              Pages S7566–78 
Division I of McConnell (for Kennedy/Cotton) Amendment No. 4109 (to Amendment No. 4108), to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to notify each victim of the offense for which the pris-oner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released.
                                                  Pages S7566–78 
Division II of McConnell (for Kennedy/Cotton) Amendment No. 4109 (to Amendment No. 4108), to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to notify each victim of the offense for which the pris-oner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released.
                                                  Pages S7566–78 
Division III of McConnell (for Kennedy/Cotton) Amendment No. 4109 (to Amendment No. 4108), to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to notify each victim of the offense for which the pris-oner is imprisoned the date on which the prisoner will be released.
                                                  Pages S7566–78 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4108 (listed above), and, in accord-ance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unani-mous-consent agreement of Thursday, December 13, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, December 17, 2018.
                            Page S7567 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, December 17, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the House Message to accompany the bill, and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the filing deadline for the first-degree amendments to the House Message to accompany the bill be at 3:15 p.m.; and that the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4108, ripen at 5:30 p.m.                                                                                             Page S7626 
Appointments: Cyberspace Solarium Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, appointed the following individual to serve as a member of the Cyberspace Solarium Com-mission: Suzanne Spaulding of Virginia.
       Page S7626 
Syria Study Group: The Chair, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 115–254, on behalf of the Democratic Lead-er of the Senate, appointed the following individual as a member of the Syria Study Group: Dana L. Stroul, of Maryland.
                                                 Page S7626 
Retiring Members Tributes—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that there be printed as a Senate document a com-pilation of materials from the Congressional Record in tribute to retiring Members of the 115th Congress, and that Members have until Friday, December 21, 2018, to submit such tributes.
                   Pages S7625–26 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Johnathan Bragg, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2019. Johnathan Bragg, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2024. Thomas Jayne, of Missouri, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring Au-gust 28, 2023.
                                                            Page S7626 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7582 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7582 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                      Pages S7531, S7582–83 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7583 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7583 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7583 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7584–86 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7586–88 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7588–97 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7581–82 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1282 December 13, 2018 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7600–20 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7620–21 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—266)
                                                        Pages S7563–65 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:59 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, December 17, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7626.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 38 nominations in the Air Force, Army and Marine Corps. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nominations of John Barsa, of Florida, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Deputy Adminis-trator, both of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and Christopher Paul Henzel, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Yemen, Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mongolia, Sarah-Ann Lynch, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Co-op-erative Republic of Guyana, Matthew John Mat-thews, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Direc-tor General of the Foreign Service, Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Arme-nia, Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Azerbaijan, Kyle McCarter, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Kenya, Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia, and a routine list in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 26 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7290–7315, and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 145 and H. Res. 1179, were introduced. 
                                                                                  Pages H10209–10 
Additional Cosponsors:                                     Page H10211 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poe (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                          Page H10173 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, December 11th. Calling on the Government of Burma to release Burmese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sentenced to seven years imprisonment after inves-tigating attacks against civilians by Burma’s mili-tary and security forces: H. Res. 1091, amended, calling on the Government of Burma to release Bur-mese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sen-tenced to seven years imprisonment after inves-tigating attacks against civilians by Burma’s military and security forces, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 394 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 435.
                     Pages H10174–75 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that atrocities committed against the Rohingya by the Burmese military and security forces since August 2017 con-stitute crimes against humanity and genocide and calling on the Government of Burma to release Bur-mese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sen-tenced to seven years imprisonment after inves-tigating attacks against civilians by the Burmese military and security forces, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                  Pages H10174–75 
Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6964, to reauthor-ize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974.
              Pages H10175–84 
Amending the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1283 December 13, 2018 
resolution of claims alleging that employing of-fices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employ-ees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3749, to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and resolution of claims al-leging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections pro-vided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment. 
                                                                         Pages H10192–H10200 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, December 17th. 
                                                                                          Page H10200 
Senate Referrals: S. 1158 was held at the desk. S. 1580 was held at the desk. S. 2076 was held at the desk. S. 3031 was held at the desk. S. 3482 was held at the desk. S. 3748 was held at the desk. Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appears on page H10189. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H10174–75. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 1:40 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NIGERIA AT A CROSSROADS: THE UPCOMING ELECTIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ni-geria at a Crossroads: The Upcoming Elections’’. Testimony was heard from Tibor P. Nagy, Jr., As-sistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Depart-ment of State; and Ramsey Day, Senior Deputy As-sistant Administrator, Bureau for Africa, U.S. Agen-cy for International Development. EXPLORING ALTERNATIVES TO FETAL TISSUE RESEARCH Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Alter-natives to Fetal Tissue Research’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS: A CASE STUDY ON THE CLINTON FOUNDATION Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Nonprofit Organizations: A Case Study on the Clinton Foundation’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Committee held a business meeting to honor the Memory of Damon P. Nelson; and to consider unclassified and classified Committee Activity reports. The Committee honored the memory of Damon P. Nelson. An unclassified report on the Roles and Missions of the Defense Intelligence Agency; a classified report entitled ‘‘First Classified Report’’; and a classified report entitled ‘‘Second Classified Report’’ were adopted. This hearing was closed. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on best practices for keeping families safely together, 10:30 a.m., SD–G11. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1284 December 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the House Message to accompany S. 756, Save Our Seas Act (legislative vehicle for criminal justice reform), and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4108, at 5:30 p.m. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to the House Message to accompany the bill is at 3:15 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11:30 a.m., Monday, December 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 11:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1669 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1670 Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E1675 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1670 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1672 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1667, E1668, E1671 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1672 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1663 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1675 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E1673 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1675 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1664, E1666, E1667, E1669, E1669, E1671, E1671, E1672, E1673 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1671 Jones, Brenda, Mich., E1664 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E1674 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E1668 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1666, E1668 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1668, E1669, E1672, E1673, E1675 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1665, E1667, E1669, E1671, E1673, E1675 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1666 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1666, E1671 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1666 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1665 Peters, Scott H., Calif., E1665 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1667 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1665 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1672 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1663, E1664 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1667 Soto, Darren, Fla., E1664 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1669 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Dec 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13DE8.REC D13DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST