Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6177 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 2018 No. 118 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, July 16, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JULY13, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
AUL M
ITCHELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Dr. Steven W. Schenewerk, Commu-nity Baptist Church, Winston, Oregon, offered the following prayer: O magnificent God, the people who will gather here today represent a di-verse population. They will consider many challenges and concerns as they represent those who sent them here. The times in which we live are filled with demanding difficulties. Lord, I ask that those who deliberate and discuss these challenges may have courage to seek truth wherever it may be found; may You provide a willing-ness to hear and listen to one another’s point of view; may they receive a wis-dom to apply truth as they make dif-ficult choices. Lord, I ask that as decisions are made, You provide peace, Your pres-ence, and Your power so that individ-uals and families may flourish, com-munities may be healthy, and that the light of liberty continues to shine in our world. In the name of God, the Father, Christ the Son, and the holy spirit. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. BARRAGA´N led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. STEVEN W. SCHENEWERK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the distinct honor and pleas-ure of welcoming Pastor Steve William Schenewerk as the guest chaplain in the United States House of Representa-tives this morning. Pastor Schenewerk serves the con-gregation of Community Baptist Church in Winston, Oregon. He was raised in the Midwest but followed the call of God to the Pacific Northwest to become a pastor. His path led him to Community Baptist Church, where he has humbly offered spiritual guidance and encouragement to the community for over 25 years. Pastor Schenewerk’s devotion to his community does not stop there, though. He serves on the board of the Winston Area Community Partnership and is involved in several organizations that help the needy in Douglas County. Ever committed to serving those who have served others, Pastor Schenewerk has most recently become the chaplain to the local police force in Winston. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.000 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6178 July 13, 2018 
Of all the joys in his life, nothing compares to that for his wife, Cindy; his daughter, Megan; and son, Josh. Mr. Speaker, I thank Pastor Schenewerk for his words this morn-ing. They are most inspirational. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL ICE CREAM DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. In 1984, President Ronald Reagan issued a proclamation desig-nating the third Sunday in July as Na-tional Ice Cream Day in the United States. The sweet treat holds a special place in the hearts and refrigerators of many Americans. In fact, almost 90 percent of Americans have ice cream in their refrigerator as I speak. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania produces 10.8 billion pounds of milk an-nually, and 10 percent of our Nation’s milk supply goes to the production of ice cream. In the Fifth District, the Penn State Berkey Creamery has been researching dairy and producing ice cream for more than 150 years. They were the first col-legiate institution in the United States to offer lessons on making ice cream; and in 1978, two men by the name of Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield took one of their courses and later went on to launch their company, Ben & Jer-ry’s. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Penn State for being an industry leader, and in honor of National Ice Cream Day, I hope all Americans will celebrate with a scoop on Sunday. 
f 
HONORING LONG BEACH FIRE DE-PARTMENT CAPTAIN DAVID ROSA (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Long Beach Fire De-partment Captain David Rosa, who was killed July 2 after suffering a gunshot wound while responding to a fire at a senior living facility. Captain Rosa was a 17-year veteran of the Long Beach Fire Department as-signed to station 10 in the heart of the city of Long Beach, California. During his tenure, David faithfully served the city of Long Beach and its surrounding communities, working as a paramedic and trainer. Last week, I attended his memorial service and saw an outpouring of love. He was a beloved member of our com-munity and admired by his family and his firefighter family. I extend my deepest sympathy and condolences to the Long Beach Fire Department, station 10, and Captain Rosa’s friends and family, especially his wife and two sons. f 
RECOGNIZING NATHANIEL PRYOR REED (Mr. MAST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the passing and the important contributions of a great Floridian for his unrelenting determination to pro-tect the Florida Everglades. Nathaniel Pryor Reed was a man whom I was proud to know, and he was one of Flor-ida’s most influential environmental leaders. He served six Florida Governors and two United States Presidents, advising them on environmental protection and conservation. He worked instrumen-tally in the legislation of the Endan-gered Species Act and the Clean Water Act. He was an avid fisherman and a conservationist. He served on more nonprofit boards than I can count, and he was a founding member of the Ever-glades Foundation, serving on the board of directors since its inception 25 years ago. He championed the bipartisan saying: ‘‘The Everglades doesn’t care what party you belong to, she cares what you do.’’ Nathaniel ended every phone call by sending his sincerest best wishes, and he always truly meant it. Today we send him our sincerest and remember his unwavering commitment to Amer-ica’s Everglades and his service to our Nation. 
f 
LASER INTERFEROMETER GRAVI-TATIONAL OBSERVATORY NAMED HISTORIC SITE BY AMERICAN PHYSICAL SOCIETY (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Laser Inter-ferometer Gravitational Observatory, or what is known as LIGO, for its achievements in the field of gravita-tional discovery. The American Physical Society re-cently named LIGO, which is located in my district in Richland, Washington, as a historic site for its groundbreaking detection of gravita-tional waves. These waves passed through the Earth on September 14, 2015, nearly 100 years after Albert Ein-stein predicted their existence. This discovery has opened up new opportu-nities for learning about the universe. I am amazed by the work being done in central Washington. In addition to this recognition, three LIGO scientists, Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish, and Kip Thorne, also received the 2017 Nobel Prize for Physics. A plaque that will be placed at the site reads: ‘‘The precision required to detect these tiny disturbances in space- time, caused by emerging black holes, was made possible by the coordinated labor of over 1,000 scientific and tech-nical workers.’’ I want to thank the American Phys-ical Society and the Nobel Committee for recognizing the hard work and dedi-cation of these men and women, and I urge my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating LIGO’s scientists and em-ployees. f 
GOVERNMENT OVERREACH (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the En-dangered Species Act was passed 45 years ago. We have seen a recovery of approximately 2 to 3 percent of species since then, but when the baseball All- Star Game is in town, nobody is an all- star at 3 percent. In my home State of California, an increasing trillions of gallons of fresh drinking water flow unused into the ocean, still fish species don’t recover with all this new water introduced in the last 30 years. People’s needs are decimated as people need to ask for a glass of water in a restaurant or soon decide if they will shower or wash clothes on a given day in their homes. Electricity is much more expensive than need be. Home prices are so high in California, people cannot even live where they work, in many cases sometimes com-muting 3 hours to where they work. No new lands, they say, are suitable other than building on ag land or on floodplains. This, while the State at-tempts to commit tax dollars to what they deem affordable housing. The ESA back then that was passed with bipartisan support in 1973 was well-intentioned, we all agree, on pre-serving species. Liberal courts, non-governmental organizations, and complicit Federal agencies have weaponized it to stop productive Amer-icans, harm jobs, and increase imports. The Congressional Western Caucus has a package of modest reforms to reset back to bipartisan goals of the Endangered Species Act, but we will hear how it is gutting the ESA when it is, instead, a series of course correc-tions applied to a 45-year-old law that has been reinterpreted and weaponized—accountability, trans-parency in data use, how it is gathered, how success is measured, instead of just being a roadblock for no- growthers, lawyers, and environmental groups. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Congres-sional Western Caucus Chairman G
OSAR and Mr. B ISHOP for their work in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.002 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6179 July 13, 2018 
this effort in making this happen and, hopefully, being fruitful in adjusting the Endangered Species Act. 
f 
URGING NATO ALLIES TO HONOR FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today with grave concern re-garding the security of our world. Recently, the House passed the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which included my amendment urging our NATO allies to step up and partici-pate in the cost of their own defense. President Trump was correct to raise this issue at the NATO summit in Brussels. America’s commitment to our NATO allies is absolutely ironclad—it always has been—but for too long, the United States has shared an unequal financial burden in contributing to the global and regional security that NATO pro-vides. In 2014, each member country agreed to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their GDP on defense, but currently, only 5 of 29 member countries meet this threshold. With new challenges from an increasingly belligerent Rus-sian state, instability across the Mid-dle East and North Africa, and emerg-ing cybersecurity threats around the world, it is time for our allies to honor their commitments. As negotiators continue to finalize the NDAA conference report, I urge the inclusion of my amendment that passed the House to ensure our allies pull their own weight in support of our collective defense, which will strength-en NATO and help achieve peace through our collective commitment. 
f 
DISPARAGING NATO ALLIES IS NOT PRODUCTIVE (Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, we just heard my friend from Michigan talk about how NATO allies have to live up to their obligations. NATO allies have been living up to their obligations. In fact, article V of NATO has only been invoked once, and it was on behalf of the United States by our NATO allies. The way to get NATO working is not to blow up a NATO summit, and it is not to disparage NATO allies—allies of half a century. Now we see that same wrecking ball strategy in the United Kingdom, our oldest ally on the face of the Earth. This is no way to conduct foreign policy. It is destructive, and it will hurt the United States’ interests that have been served long by our allies and by NATO in particular. I hope the President of the United States comes to his senses and under-stands talking discretely is far better than blowing it up. f 
UNFUNDED MANDATES INFORMA-TION AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 50. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 985 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 50. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0915 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
AST in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Ms. F
OXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in 1995, Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, or UMRA, to prevent the imposi-tion of burdensome and costly Federal unfunded mandates. Over the course of this Congress, the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee has devel-oped a record that clearly shows UMRA has fallen short of its original goals. Last year, the committee sought input on UMRA and received several hundred responses from Governors, State legislators, and county officials regarding the impact of Federal laws and regulations. Too often, State and local govern-ments are confronted with the rotten choice of raising taxes on their resi-dents or cutting services residents de-pend on in order to comply with Fed-eral mandates. Unfunded federal man-dates strain State and local budgets, and subvert the principles of American federalism. Federal agencies treat States as serv-ants to their regulatory whims, rather than as partners to consult before im-posing new, burdensome mandates. In an April 2017 hearing, a Kentucky county executive testified that Federal agencies treat their responsibilities under UMRA as an exercise to ‘‘check a box,’’ rather than an opportunity to engage in a meaningful intergovern-mental partnership. H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act, is de-signed to solve these problems. It will improve the quality of regulatory and legislative analysis and close the cur-rent loophole which allows an agency to bypass UMRA analysis by not issuing a notice of proposed rule-making. According to the nonpartisan Gov-ernment Accountability Office, 35 per-cent of major rules are issued without a notice of proposed rulemaking. That means more than one-third of the regu-lations with the greatest impact on the economy are excluded from UMRA’s cost-benefit and other analyses. H.R. 50 also expands the definition of direct costs to ensure economic anal-ysis considers foregone profits, costs passed on to consumers, and behavioral changes. Requiring Federal regulatory agen-cies and the Congressional Budget Of-fice to include all anticipated costs in cost estimates will help ensure that analyses are complete and provide an accurate description of the full effects of regulations and legislation. H.R. 50 enhances transparency, ac-countability, and communication be-tween the Federal Government and State, local, Tribal, or private sector partners. It requires Federal agencies to engage in a more thorough regu-latory process by codifying key provi-sions of President Clinton’s Executive Order 12866. These principles were re-affirmed by President Obama in Execu-tive Order 13563 and are consistent with President Trump’s executive orders on regulatory reform. Under UMRA, agencies are required to consult with State, local, and Tribal governments when developing signifi-cant regulatory mandates. H.R. 50 ex-tends this requirement to the private sector, which is similarly burdened by unfunded Federal regulatory mandates. The bill also requires independent agencies like the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, and the Federal Communications Commission to com-ply with UMRA. Finally, H.R. 50 extends judicial re-view to help ensure agencies carefully consider the least costly and least bur-densome regulatory alternative, giving courts the authority to stay regula-tions for noncompliance with UMRA. These changes are critical to achieving what Congress set out to do when UMRA was passed in 1995. Requiring greater transparency and improving analysis prior to imposing Federal mandates is not a partisan goal. State and local governments headed by Republicans and Democrats 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.004 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6180 July 13, 2018 
alike are affected by unfunded Federal mandates. Businesses throughout the country have invested time and resources to comply with Federal mandates. With such a sweeping impact, any decision to impose a Federal mandate should, at a minimum, be transparent and based on the most comprehensive and accu-rate information available. It is for this reason that our bill is supported by a vast coalition of non-partisan, nonprofit organizations made up of United States State and local government officials. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD letters from these coalitions, which includes the United States Con-ference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the International City/Coun-ty Management Association, the Na-tional Association of Counties, the Council of State Governments, the Na-tional Conference of State Legisla-tures, and the National Governors As-sociation. 
NFIB, Washington, DC, March 14, 2018. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE FOXX: On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organization, I am writing in support of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. This legislation makes critical improve-ments to the regulatory review process. In a recent NFIB National Small Business Poll, almost half of small businesses sur-veyed viewed regulation as a ‘‘very serious’’ (25 percent) or ‘‘somewhat serious’’ (24 per-cent) problem. Additionally, 51 percent of small business owners reported an increase in the number of regulations impacting their business over the previous three years. H.R. 50 requires that federal agencies abide by explicit criteria when assessing potential impacts of regulatory actions, and further stipulates that the cumulative impacts of the regulatory burden be considered. The legislation enhances Congressional authority in regulatory oversight, requiring agencies to review existing regulations upon the re-quest of a committee chair or ranking mem-ber. In addition, the legislation transfers au-thority under the current unfunded man-dates law from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to OMB’s Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA), whose staff is better equipped to handle such work. Thank you for leading on this important legislation. We look forward to working with you on reforming the regulatory process as the 115th Congress moves forward. Sincerely, J
UANITA D. D UGGAN , President & CEO, NFIB. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 14, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOWDY AND RANKING MEM-
BER CUMMINGS : The U.S. Chamber of Com-merce supports H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Man-dates Information and Transparency Act of 2017.’’ The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA) requires agencies to undertake a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the anticipated costs and benefits of the fed-eral mandate before promulgating a final rule. For rules costing over $100 million, UMRA requires the agency to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and select the least costly, most cost-effective, or least burdensome alter-native that achieves the objectives of the rule. Alternatively, the head of the agency must publish with the final rule an expla-nation of why the least costly, most cost-ef-fective, or least burdensome method of achieving the rule’s objectives was not cho-sen. However, agencies routinely engineer the regulatory process to avoid UMRA’s require-ments. The Government Accountability Of-fice has found that many statutes and final rules containing significant unfunded man-dates were enacted or published without being identified as federal mandates at or above UMRA’s thresholds. Worst of all, there is no mechanism to obtain meaningful judi-cial review for UMRA violations, so agencies can easily get away with skirting the law’s requirements. H.R. 50 would fix many of these problems. It would close loopholes that agencies use to circumvent UMRA and provide for enhanced stakeholder participation, meaningful UMRA oversight, and judicial review. The bill would also enhance the ability of Con-gress to identify unfunded mandates in legis-lation it considers. The Chamber urges you to vote in favor of this bipartisan legislation, and to report it to the full House as expedi-tiously as practicable. Sincerely, NEILL. B RADLEY . 
MARCH 13, 2018. Re The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act (H.R. 50/S. 1523). Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , Chairman, Senate Committee on Homeland, Se-curity and Governmental Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Washington, DC. Hon. C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs, Washington, DC. Hon. E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, House Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS JOHNSON AND MCCASKILL  
ANDREPRESENTATIVES GOWDY AND CUMMINGS : On behalf of the Big 7, a coalition of national organizations representing state and local officials, we applaud your efforts to make improvements to the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act (UMRA) of 1995. Monitoring federal regulations and planning for unfunded man-dates continues to be one of the most press-ing issues for state and local leaders. In par-ticular, we support strengthening the re-quired analysis of pending legislation and your call for a strong regulatory look-back process. This additional information is crit-ical for improving both the legislative and regulatory processes. As you know, UMRA was designed to limit the imposition of unfunded federal mandates on state, local, and tribal governments by re-quiring the Congressional Budget Office and regulatory agencies to provide a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the antici-pated costs of legislation and certain regula-tions, respectively. As UMRA begins its third decade, the goal of curbing ‘‘the prac-tice of imposing unfunded Federal mandates on State and local governments’’ is even more important. A past report by the White House Office of Management and Budget stated federal regu-lations and unfunded mandates cost states, cities and the general public between $44 and $62 billion each year. With many states and local governments facing revenue restric-tions and growing local financial burdens, the federal government should avoid impos-ing any new unfunded mandates. Moreover, federal regulatory agencies should work more closely with state and local govern-ments and other stakeholders during the rule-making process to gather input and identify practical solutions. We commend you for your leadership in ad-vocating the enactment of this legislation, and we look forward to working with you and your staff to ensure its passage. Sincerely, DAVID ADKINS , CEO and Executive Director, The Coun-cil of State Govern-ments. M
ATTHEW D. C HASE , Executive Director, National Association of Counites. S
COTT PATTISON , Executive Director, National Governors Association. C
LARENCE ANTHONY , CEO and Executive Director, National League of Cities. M
ARCOTT, Executive Director, International City/ County Management Association. W
ILLIAM T. P OUND , Executive Director, National Conference of State Legisla-tures. T
OMCOCHRAN , CEO and Executive Director, The U.S. Conference of May-ors. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 50 en-sures the commonsense goals Congress intended when enacting UMRA in 1995 are in fact realized and improved upon. I thank the bipartisan group of Mem-bers who cosponsored and support this bill. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 50, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  G
OVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 25, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 50, the Un-funded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act of 2017, with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred pri-marily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with additional refer-rals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.006 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6181 July 13, 2018 
I ask you allow the Committee on the Budget to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill to expedite floor consider-ation. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for fu-ture referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on the Budget represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. The bill contains provisions that fall with-in the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. In order to expedite House consider-ation of H.R. 50, the Committee on the Budg-et will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with re-spect to its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. I also ask that the Committee on the Budget be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its jurisdiction. The Committee on the Budget also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion. I also request that you include this let-ter and your response as part of your com-mittee’s report on H.R. 50 and in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration. Thank you for your attention to these matters. I look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. Sincerely, S
TEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 50, the Un-funded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act of 2017, with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred pri-marily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with additional refer-rals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. I ask you allow the Committee on Rules to be discharged from further consideration of the bill to expedite floor consideration. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Rules rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON RULES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY  Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for your letter on H.R. 50, the Unfunded Man-date and Information Technology Act of 2017, which your Committee ordered reported on March 15, 2018. Because of your willingness to consult with my committee regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Com-mittee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 50. In addition, the Committee on Rules reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this legisla-tion. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Committee on Rules for con-ferees on H.R. 50 or related legislation. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your Commit-tee’s report on the bill and in the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 50, the Unfunded Man-dates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. As you know, on March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported the bill with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. I thank you for allowing the Committee on the Judiciary to be discharged from further consideration of the bill to expedite floor consideration. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary represented on the con-ference committee. I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : I write with re-spect to H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act.’’ As a re-sult of your having consulted with us on pro-visions within H.R. 50 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 50 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 50 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 50. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the op-portunity to speak on H.R. 50, the Un-funded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. We have seen this bill before. It was a bad idea then, it is a bad idea now. Proponents of this bill, as we have just heard, may argue that regulations are burdensome and costly—and some-times they are—but, in fact, the bene-fits of agency regulations far outweigh the costs. The most recent draft report of the Trump administration’s own Office of Management and Budget on the bene-fits and costs of regulations found that the estimated annual benefits of rules between 2006 and 2016, which covers nearly all of the regulations during the previous administration, were between $219 billion and $695 billion. Those are the benefits, the value of benefits. By contrast, it said that the cost of those same rules were estimated at be-tween somewhere around $59 billion and $88 billion. The benefits far out-weigh the cost to the American public. This bill will impose numerous re-quirements that will slow down the regulatory process and give regulated industry an unfair advantage over pub-lic health organizations, doctors, sci-entists, and ordinary Americans when new rules are made. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act was important in helping to strike a balance between the need for Federal regulations and the burden those regu-lations placed on State and local gov-ernments. I know that. I was the head 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.005 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6182 July 13, 2018 
of a very large local government. Con-gress should endeavor to strike, how-ever, a similar balance with mandates on the private sector, without putting our fingers on the scale for the very in-dustries that need regulations, as this bill does. Under this bill, agencies would be re-quired to consult with impacted enti-ties in the private sector on a proposed rule before the rule is even made avail-able to the public, giving a very unfair advantage to the industries to be regu-lated. Agencies should consult with in-dustry on proposed rules, of course. Regulated corporations, however, should never been given an explicit and unfair preference over other stake-holders, particularly the American families and consumers these rules are designed to protect. Drug manufacturers, for example, should not get to influence an opioid safety regulation before public health experts. The energy industry should not get to weigh in on a regulation be-fore those citizens whose air and water quality would be affected are heard from. This bill would also significantly ex-pand in almost a sweeping way judicial review under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. UMRA currently prohibits a court from delaying or invalidating a rule based on an agency’s compliance with UMRA. This bill would eliminate that restriction. This bill would also allow judges to second-guess agency experts by evalu-ating the adequacy of agency analyses, including cost-benefit estimates, giv-ing broad new power to the judiciary to get into the rulemaking process and, in some cases, perhaps, to substitute themselves for regulatory agencies. This is something I don’t believe we want to see. The bill would also require an agency to conduct a retrospective cost-benefit analysis of any existing rule if re-quested by the chairman or ranking member of the committee. This provi-sion would require agencies to conduct analyses on potentially thousands of rules, diverting unnecessary time and attention away from fulfilling their missions. That is designed, basically, to preclude new rulemaking from hap-pening at all. H.R. 50 would also repeal the exemp-tion that is currently in UMRA for independent agencies. As a result, the independence of agencies like the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion could be compromised because the Office of Management and Budget would now have a role in shaping rules those agencies issue. The bottom line is that regulation can make our air cleaner to breathe, our water safer to drink—by the way, we are reminded of that right now here in Washington, D.C., where we have a water boil advisory—the products we use safer, and provide protections that are critical for a healthy economy. H.R. 50 would impose new roadblocks that would make it harder to provide those protections for the public we serve. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we have often heard that the most dangerous words or the most dangerous phrase in the English language is, ‘‘We are from the Federal Government, and we are here to help.’’ I agree with that. Everywhere I go in my district, I hear from people, It isn’t the laws that we pass, it’s the regulations that im-plement those laws that are the biggest problems. Unfortunately, many of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle believe that government bureaucrats are the smartest people in the world. In fact, they are smarter than the major-ity of the American people who make this country great. We absolutely do not want to do away with all rules and regulations. We want safe food. We want safe drinking water. We want all those things that help make this country great, but we want to bring some common sense and some transparency to the regulatory process. That is what H.R. 50 does. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act. One of the laws of physics states: For every action in nature, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The same thing happens in our economy. b0930 Well, I can confidently say that, for every action made in Washington, D.C.’s bloated bureaucracy, there is going to be an unfunded mandate for private businesses and State, local, and Tribal businesses to grapple with. In 1995, Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act to help stop the burden of these costly Federal un-funded mandates. However, over the last 23 years, many unfunded mandates have slipped through the cracks due to loopholes or failed analyses, costing taxpayers more of their hard-earned money. As a small-business owner for more than 40 years, I am a strong advocate for scrutinizing every tax dollar spent and holding agencies accountable. As Dr. F
OXXmentioned of her travels in her district and my travels in my district, for the last 500 days since this administration and this President took office, it is like somebody flipped on the light switch. More jobs are being created; wages are rising; and the econ-omy is growing. Jobs are being created. There are more jobs available today than there are people seeking jobs. H.R. 50 does this. It closes loopholes in the current law, strengthens anal-ysis requirements to identify harmful Federal mandates, and requires de-tailed assessments of authorized fund-ing levels. Mr. Chair, I encourage all my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 50 today. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, before I recognize Mr. CUMMINGS , the distin-guished ranking member of our com-mittee, I do want to say, it is the same old thing: Oh, this is just common-sense. Of course we favor sensible regu-lation that protects our air and water. Really. The same crowd that says that is witnessing the dismantlement of regulations and, frankly, the defen-estration of the regulatory agencies charged with that mission, like the EPA. The late, lamented Adminis-trator of the EPA has set about on a wrecking ball mission at EPA, and I don’t hear my Republican friends speaking up, decrying that, and defend-ing those regulations to protect the public. This is a pig in a poke. My colleagues should not support it. Mr. Chair, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, the vice ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, for yielding time and for doing such a phe-nomenal job on our committee. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act. This legislation would obstruct the regu-latory process with new requirements that would make it more difficult to promulgate regulations that protect the health and safety of Americans. This bill also would give regulated companies the ability to weigh in on rules before other stakeholders. That is simply not right. Under this bill, gun manufacturers could influence a gun safety rule before child safety experts. Under this bill, banks could shape rules related to obtaining lines of cred-it before consumer advocates. Under this bill, a coal company could weigh in on a clean air rule before doc-tors, scientists, and other public health experts. This is a gross distortion of how this process should work, and it would put the interests of polluters and other cor-porate offenders ahead of the American people. I simply say that we are better than that. This bill also must be viewed in the context of the broader assault on regu-lations underway by President Trump and his allies in Congress. Using the Congressional Review Act, Republicans in Congress have repealed 16 health, safety, environmental, and consumer protection rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.008 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6183 July 13, 2018 
They repealed a rule that prevented individuals with severe mental ill-nesses from gaining access to guns. Give me a break. They repealed the stream protection rule, which required monitoring of streams and groundwater for toxic con-taminants dumped by coal mining companies. Yes, they did that, too. They repealed the fair pay and safe workplaces rule, which required that American tax dollars be spent only on companies that comply with the work-place health, safety, and civil rights laws by which all private businesses must abide. The bill before us today is yet an-other attack on regulations, one that Republicans have passed many times before but have never been able to enact. This bill would amend the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, which was en-acted as part of Newt Gingrich’s Con-tract with America. Even in the con-text of the extreme agenda of the Con-tract with America, Congress included several limitations in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This bill would repeal those limitations. This bill also would put independent agencies in jeopardy of political inter-ference. The Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act currently exempts inde-pendent agencies from its reporting re-quirements. This bill would remove that exemption. That means independent regulatory agencies like the Securities and Ex-change Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission would have to submit their rules to the Office of Management and Budget for review, which could undermine their independ-ence. Section 12 of the bill would require an agency to perform a retrospective review, including an additional cost- benefit analysis of any existing rule, if requested by the chairman or ranking member of a committee. The Congres-sional Research Service found that there is a tenable argument that sec-tion 12 is unconstitutional. CRS said: ‘‘It could be argued that imbuing certain Members with the au-thority to demand that an agency pre-pare a report under section 12 is an ac-tion of sufficient legislative character and effect as to trigger the bicamer-alism and presentment requirements of Article I.’’ These flaws are reason enough to op-pose this bill, but the most important reason is that we rely on agency rule-making to protect our children, protect our workers, and protect our economy. The Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards, a group of more than 160 good government, labor, scientific, faith, health, and community organizations, sent a letter to Congress strongly op-posing this bill. Here is just a portion of what the letter said: ‘‘The costs of deregulation should be obvious by now. The Wall Street economic collapse, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous environmental disasters demonstrate the need for a regulatory system that protects the public, not corporate interests.’’ Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that independent agencies need oversight as much as any other agen-cies. They already submit regulatory products to the Office of Management and Budget and the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, in-cluding information collection requests under the Paperwork Reduction Act. The Administrative Conference of the United States has recommended great-er oversight of independent agencies for decades. The American Bar Associa-tion did the same in 1990 and re-affirmed the need in 2016 saying: ‘‘We strongly urge you to bring the inde-pendent regulatory commissions with-in the requirements for cost-benefit analysis and retrospective review of rules currently reflected in Executive Order 12866 and Executive Order 13563.’’ I want to point out that both of these executive orders were promulgated by Democrat Presidents. In 2011, Sally Katzen, OIRA Adminis-trator under the Clinton administra-tion, urged expanded oversight of inde-pendent agencies. She wrote: ‘‘Our con-cern is that independent agencies are not typically engaged in the analysis that has come to be expected as a form of governmental best practices for reg-ulatory agencies.’’ This bill simply requires independent agencies to undertake the same cost- benefit analysis and reporting require-ments as other regulatory agencies. There is no threat to their independ-ence. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me, and I thank our ranking member, again, for trying to work together. Again, I respectfully support H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. This is an issue that I have been working on since the 1990s in the State legislature. In fact, I was the author of house bill 66 when the Democrats controlled the Governorship, the House, the Senate, and the State legislature. I was able to pass the first unfunded mandates bill in the State of Texas. This particular issue in Congress started in 1995 under the Clinton ad-ministration. Again, with a Republican Congress working together, the Con-gress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 1995. This legislation was designed to pre-vent the Federal Government from im-posing unfunded mandates on States and local governments, or private busi-nesses, without policymakers or the public knowing the cost of such poli-cies. This legislation ensured public awareness of the financial burden of Federal mandates on small-business owners and on State and local govern-ments. However, this unfunded man-dates bill has not been amended since 1995, and some of those changes are necessary to preserve and improve the act’s initial purpose. This bill closes some of the loopholes by removing independent agency re-porting exemptions, setting forth de-tailed assessment criteria, and allow-ing judicial review of agency assess-ments. My district has a number of rural and underserved communities that need many resources. Imposing unfunded mandates on these kinds of commu-nities makes life even more difficult for hardworking Americans to access basic needs, such as water infrastruc-ture, sanitary water, and adequate liv-ing conditions. Additionally, this bill requires that Federal agencies consult with the pri-vate sector when issuing regulations. What is wrong with consultation? Again, it allows recourse for compa-nies, if agencies do not comply. As a former small-business owner, I know the challenges of opening a busi-ness; the challenges of keeping a busi-ness open, including finding the re-sources and funds to get started; and how to keep a business running, espe-cially on a tight budget. Higher costs for these entrepreneurs make it more difficult for them to start and maintain a business, which means blunted economic growth for communities that need it the most, like the ones I represent in south Texas. This bill restores and provides a framework to provide clarity to small business and local governments, and al-lows workers and entrepreneurs to freely pursue their dreams. The bottom line is this: This bill will create more certainty for our Nation’s businesses, including the small-busi-ness owners and the entrepreneurs who invest in the future, and allow more Americans to achieve the dream of business ownership. I encourage my colleagues from both parties to support it. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I yield the gen-tleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman F
OXXfor introducing this legislation and encourage both sides of the aisle to support it. I understand this is a process. Hope-fully, as we go along, after this bill passes, we will work this out in the Senate. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friend from Texas is right. This will certainly provide a lot more clar-ity for private enterprise. I am not sure it is the kind of clarity we want, be-cause they are going to get their nose into the business of rulemaking to serve their interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.009 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6184 July 13, 2018 
b0945 There are rules that could not have been enacted if H.R. 50 had been law. For example, after the Deepwater Hori-zon explosion that killed 11 crew mem-bers and set off the worst oil spill in American history, the Department of the Interior finalized a rule in 2016 to tighten controls in blowout preventers and calling for rig operators to have third parties certify that the safety de-vices worked under extreme conditions. That rule would have been precluded because of the provisions of this bill. The sanitary transportation of human and animal food, this rule es-tablishes requirements for parties en-gaged in the transportation of food, in-cluding food for animals, to use sani-tary transportation practices. That would have been precluded. The corporate average fuel economy standards to regulate miles-per-gallon number of light-duty vehicles such as sedans, minivans, and any vehicle that weighs less than 10,000 pounds would have been precluded. The long-term care facilities arbitra-tion agreements ban nursing homes and assisted living facilities from forc-ing patients and their families into pri-vate arbitration to resolve disputes. We protected the interests of consumers and their families at a time of need. That rule would have been precluded, too. So that may be the reason why the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, 150 organizations, have come together to oppose this bill. It is not in the public interest. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY), a distinguished member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It gives me great pride to recognize my dear friend. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, let me thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding as well as for his leadership on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to once again strongly oppose H.R. 50. I con-sider it a misguided bill that will cost American consumers, potentially, mil-lions more in tax dollars, while making it easier for bad actors and certain in-dustries to continue their abusive prac-tices as they attempt to stonewall ap-propriate regulation. Make no mistake: H.R. 50 is a frontal assault on the Nation’s health, safety, and environmental protections, and it would erect new barriers to give se-lected industries a built-in advantage to evade or eliminate vital rules that protect the American people. For instance, this bill would require agencies to consult with private sector entities ‘‘as early as possible, before issuance of a notice of proposed rule-making, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rulemaking process.’’ Now, I agree that Federal agencies should consult with regulated indus-tries regarding proposed rules, but they should not receive an insider, prewired advantage in the regulating and rule-making process over other stake-holders. H.R. 50 would also expand judicial re-view under UMRA and would allow a court to review the inadequacy or fail-ure of an agency to prepare a written statement under UMRA. UMRA cur-rently prohibits courts from using the law to stay, invalidate, or otherwise af-fect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would eliminate this prohibition. I thought the majority strongly op-posed judicial activism, but perhaps that only applies to protecting the President. We don’t have to choose between pro-tecting the health, welfare, and safety of Americans and promoting economic growth, job creation, and innovation. We can do both. H.R. 50 advances nei-ther of these worthy goals, and that is why I urge my colleagues to reject this deeply flawed act that will stack the deck against the American consumer. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 121⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN), a distinguished member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It gives me great pleasure to recognize my distinguished col-league. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlemen from Vir-ginia for yielding to me and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposi-tion of H.R. 50, the misleadingly named Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, which passed out of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on a strictly partisan vote. This dangerous bill is an attempt to weaken consumer protections, give pri-vate industry an unfair advantage, and erect unnecessary barriers to the regu-latory process. Ultimately, this bill is designed to prioritize the interests of private businesses over the interests of the consumers these rules are designed to protect. H.R. 50 also slows the regulatory process by using litigation today to delay the approval of rules. The exist-ing Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 prohibits courts from using the law to stay, enjoin, invalidate, or oth-erwise affect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would fundamentally change that law by eliminating this prohibition, giving regulated businesses the ability to abuse a gratuitously expanded judicial review and tie up rules that would oth-erwise protect real people in courts for years. While it has been very popular in this Congress to attack regulations as uni-formly bad, the reality is that many of these rules are crucial to protecting our air and water, preventing dan-gerous financial practices, and ensur-ing the safety of food and drugs—to put it more simply, to protect Americans from corporations whose only motiva-tion is to maximize their profit. Enact-ing this legislation would put these vital rules at risk. H.R. 50 is a very harmful bill. I want to urge all of my colleagues to vote against it on the House floor today. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time and allow the gentleman from Virginia to close. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from North Carolina. I appreciate her fervor, and I know she is sincere in her convictions with respect to this legisla-tion and to the underlying issues. As someone who came from local government, coming here to Congress, running one of the biggest local gov-ernments in the United States, I cer-tainly am sympathetic to the purposes of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, and I supported many of those provi-sions. This goes too far. This isn’t just an UMRA improvement. This is gutting, wholesale, the regulatory process that provides enormous benefits, and we know that from the OMB itself in terms of the benefits versus the cost of rulemaking to protect the public. Where we can make improvements, great, but gutting it, giving the regu-lated industries an inside opportunity to shape or block those regulations be-fore the public ever even sees them, ex-panding, in a great way, the role of the judiciary to second-guess and subvert the role of rulemaking agencies in the executive branch, I think, does raise constitutional issues, as Mr. C
UMMINGS  said, that sooner or later will have to be addressed. So I think this is a very flawed piece of legislation, despite the good inten-tions of my friend from North Carolina. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on something that is simple, neat, but wrong, as H.L. Mencken once said. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard time and again of the burdens the Federal Government imposes on State, local, and Tribal governments. We have also heard from businesses throughout the country, both large and small, that have to forego investments in employ-ees and infrastructure in order to com-ply with these mandates. Congress passed the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act in 1995 to require the Federal Government to think twice be-fore imposing unfunded mandates. And let me say, that bill passed, I believe, with unanimous support from both the House and the Senate. If not unani-mous, it was overwhelming, over 400 votes in the House and, I believe, 98 votes in the Senate. Of course, in the 23 years since pas-sage, the bureaucrats in the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.011 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6185 July 13, 2018 
Government have found ways around many of those requirements. As I pointed out in my opening remarks, the GAO has reported that 35 percent, more than one-third of major rules, are issued without a notice of proposed rulemaking so that the public has no idea what is coming out in the rule-making in advance. It is time to make sure UMRA works as Congress in-tended. Again, I am fascinated sometimes by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who don’t want to take responsi-bility for our actions and want to give over the running of the entire govern-ment to the executive branch. It makes absolutely no sense to me. I am not sure why some run for office if they don’t want to take on their responsibil-ities. Legislative and regulatory decisions should be made in consideration of all of the available information, not just part of it. The government should con-sider every option before imposing un-necessary burdens on the States, local-ities, and even private enterprise. H.R. 50 closes UMRA’s loopholes and enhances transparency, accountability, and communication between the Fed-eral Government and State, local, Trib-al, and private sector partners. We do not do away with all rule-making. We do not want to make food, water, housing, all those things that are regulated for the good of the Amer-ican people, we don’t want to do away with those. We simply want to have more transparency and understand the cost of the regulations. H.R. 50 codifies bipartisan regulatory principles, enhances required analysis, adds independent agencies to the cost- benefit analysis requirements, extends judicial review to hold agencies ac-countable, and improves stakeholder consultation. I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The amendment recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 50 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is— (1) to improve the quality of the delibera-tions of Congress with respect to proposed Federal mandates by— (A) providing Congress and the public with more complete information about the effects of such mandates; and (B) ensuring that Congress acts on such mandates only after focused deliberation on their effects; and (2) to enhance the ability of Congress and the public to identify Federal mandates that may impose undue harm on consumers, workers, employers, small businesses, pri-vate property owners, and State, local, and tribal governments. SEC. 3. PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL BUDG-ET OFFICE STUDIES ON POLICIES IN-VOLVING CHANGES IN CONDITIONS OF GRANT AID. 
Section 202(g) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL STUDIES .—At the request of any Chairman or ranking member of the minority of a Committee of the Senate or the House of Representatives, the Director shall conduct an assessment comparing the authorized level of funding in a bill or reso-lution to the prospective costs of carrying out any changes to a condition of Federal as-sistance being imposed on State, local, or tribal governments participating in the Fed-eral assistance program concerned or, in the case of a bill or joint resolution that author-izes such sums as are necessary, an assess-ment of an estimated level of funding com-pared to such costs.’’. 
SEC. 4. CLARIFYING THE DEFINITION OF DIRECT COSTS TO REFLECT CONGRES-SIONAL BUDGET OFFICE PRACTICE. 
Section 421(3) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658(3)(A)(i)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘incur or’’ before ‘‘be required’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting after ‘‘to spend’’ the following: ‘‘or could forgo in profits, including costs passed on to con-sumers or other entities taking into account, to the extent practicable, behavioral changes,’’. 
SEC. 5. EXPANDING THE SCOPE OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO INCLUDE REGU-LATIONS IMPOSED BY INDE-PENDENT REGULATORY AGENCIES. 
Paragraph (1) of section 421 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658) is amended by striking ‘‘, but does not include independent regulatory agencies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, except it does not include the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Open Market Committee, or the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’’. 
SEC. 6. AMENDMENTS TO REPLACE OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET WITH OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REG-ULATORY AFFAIRS. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 103(c) (2 U.S.C. 1511(c))— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET ’’ and inserting ‘‘O
FFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-
LATORY AFFAIRS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Management and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’’; (2) in section 205(c) (2 U.S.C. 1535(c))— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘OMB’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Management and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’’; and (3) in section 206 (2 U.S.C. 1536), by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Management and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs’’. SEC. 7. APPLYING SUBSTANTIVE POINT OF ORDER TO PRIVATE SECTOR MAN-DATES. 
Section 425(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658d(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Federal intergovernmental mandates’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal man-dates’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or 424(b)(1)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 424(a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 8. REGULATORY PROCESS AND PRINCIPLES. 
Section 201 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1531) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 201. REGULATORY PROCESS AND PRIN-CIPLES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each agency shall, un-less otherwise expressly prohibited by law, assess the effects of Federal regulatory ac-tions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private sector (other than to the ex-tent that such regulatory actions incor-porate requirements specifically set forth in law) in accordance with the following prin-ciples: ‘‘(1) Each agency shall identify the prob-lem that it intends to address (including, if applicable, the failures of private markets or public institutions that warrant new agency action) as well as assess the significance of that problem. ‘‘(2) Each agency shall examine whether existing regulations (or other law) have cre-ated, or contributed to, the problem that a new regulation is intended to correct and whether those regulations (or other law) should be modified to achieve the intended goal of regulation more effectively. ‘‘(3) Each agency shall identify and assess available alternatives to direct regulation, including providing economic incentives to encourage the desired behavior, such as user fees or marketable permits, or providing in-formation upon which choices can be made by the public. ‘‘(4) If an agency determines that a regula-tion is the best available method of achiev-ing the regulatory objective, it shall design its regulations in the most cost-effective manner to achieve the regulatory objective. In doing so, each agency shall consider in-centives for innovation, consistency, predict-ability, the costs of enforcement and compli-ance (to the government, regulated entities, and the public), flexibility, distributive im-pacts, and equity. ‘‘(5) Each agency shall assess both the costs and the benefits of the intended regula-tion and, recognizing that some costs and benefits are difficult to quantify, propose or adopt a regulation, unless expressly prohib-ited by law, only upon a reasoned determina-tion that the benefits of the intended regula-tion justify its costs. ‘‘(6) Each agency shall base its decisions on the best reasonably obtainable scientific, technical, economic, and other information concerning the need for, and consequences of, the intended regulation. ‘‘(7) Each agency shall identify and assess alternative forms of regulation and shall, to the extent feasible, specify performance ob-jectives, rather than specifying the behavior or manner of compliance that regulated enti-ties must adopt. ‘‘(8) Each agency shall avoid regulations that are inconsistent, incompatible, or dupli-cative with its other regulations or those of other Federal agencies. ‘‘(9) Each agency shall tailor its regula-tions to minimize the costs of the cumu-lative impact of regulations. ‘‘(10) Each agency shall draft its regula-tions to be simple and easy to understand, with the goal of minimizing the potential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.012 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6186 July 13, 2018 
‘‘(b) R EGULATORY ACTION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘regulatory action’ means any substantive action by an agency (nor-mally published in the Federal Register) that promulgates or is expected to lead to the promulgation of a final rule or regula-tion, including advance notices of proposed rulemaking and notices of proposed rule-making.’’. 
SEC. 9. EXPANDING THE SCOPE OF STATEMENTS TO ACCOMPANY SIGNIFICANT REGU-LATORY ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Unless otherwise ex-pressly prohibited by law, before promul-gating any general notice of proposed rule-making or any final rule, or within six months after promulgating any final rule that was not preceded by a general notice of proposed rulemaking, if the proposed rule-making or final rule includes a Federal man-date that may result in an annual effect on State, local, or tribal governments, or to the private sector, in the aggregate of $100,000,000 or more in any 1 year, the agency shall prepare a written statement containing the following: ‘‘(1) The text of the draft proposed rule-making or final rule, together with a reason-ably detailed description of the need for the proposed rulemaking or final rule and an ex-planation of how the proposed rulemaking or final rule will meet that need. ‘‘(2) An assessment of the potential costs and benefits of the proposed rulemaking or final rule, including an explanation of the manner in which the proposed rulemaking or final rule is consistent with a statutory re-quirement and avoids undue interference with State, local, and tribal governments in the exercise of their governmental functions. ‘‘(3) A qualitative and quantitative assess-ment, including the underlying analysis, of benefits anticipated from the proposed rule-making or final rule (such as the promotion of the efficient functioning of the economy and private markets, the enhancement of health and safety, the protection of the nat-ural environment, and the elimination or re-duction of discrimination or bias). ‘‘(4) A qualitative and quantitative assess-ment, including the underlying analysis, of costs anticipated from the proposed rule-making or final rule (such as the direct costs both to the Government in administering the final rule and to businesses and others in complying with the final rule, and any ad-verse effects on the efficient functioning of the economy, private markets (including productivity, employment, and international competitiveness), health, safety, and the natural environment). ‘‘(5) Estimates by the agency, if and to the extent that the agency determines that ac-curate estimates are reasonably feasible, of— ‘‘(A) the future compliance costs of the Federal mandate; and ‘‘(B) any disproportionate budgetary ef-fects of the Federal mandate upon any par-ticular regions of the Nation or particular State, local, or tribal governments, urban or rural or other types of communities, or par-ticular segments of the private sector. ‘‘(6)(A) A detailed description of the extent of the agency’s prior consultation with the private sector and elected representatives (under section 204) of the affected State, local, and tribal governments. ‘‘(B) A detailed summary of the comments and concerns that were presented by the pri-vate sector and State, local, or tribal govern-ments either orally or in writing to the agency. ‘‘(C) A detailed summary of the agency’s evaluation of those comments and concerns. ‘‘(7) A detailed summary of how the agency complied with each of the regulatory prin-ciples described in section 201. ‘‘(8) An assessment of the effects that the proposed rulemaking or final rule are ex-pected to have on private property owners, including the use and value of affected prop-erty.’’. (b) REQUIREMENT FOR DETAILED SUM-
MARY .—Subsection (b) of section 202 of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘detailed’’ be-fore ‘‘summary’’. 
SEC. 10. ENHANCED STAKEHOLDER CONSULTA-TION. 
Section 204 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1534) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND PRIVATE SECTOR ’’ before ‘‘ INPUT ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and impacted parties within the private sector (including small business),’’ after ‘‘on their behalf)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Federal intergovern-mental mandates’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal mandates’’; and (3) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) G
UIDELINES .—For appropriate imple-mentation of subsections (a) and (b) con-sistent with applicable laws and regulations, the following guidelines shall be followed: ‘‘(1) Consultations shall take place as early as possible, before issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rulemaking process. ‘‘(2) Agencies shall consult with a wide va-riety of State, local, and tribal officials and impacted parties within the private sector (including small businesses). Geographic, po-litical, and other factors that may differen-tiate varying points of view should be con-sidered. ‘‘(3) Agencies should estimate benefits and costs to assist with these consultations. The scope of the consultation should reflect the cost and significance of the Federal mandate being considered. ‘‘(4) Agencies shall, to the extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(A) seek out the views of State, local, and tribal governments, and impacted parties within the private sector (including small business), on costs, benefits, and risks; and ‘‘(B) solicit ideas about alternative meth-ods of compliance and potential flexibilities, and input on whether the Federal regulation will harmonize with and not duplicate simi-lar laws in other levels of government. ‘‘(5) Consultations shall address the cumu-lative impact of regulations on the affected entities. ‘‘(6) Agencies may accept electronic sub-missions of comments by relevant parties but may not use those comments as the sole method of satisfying the guidelines in this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 11. NEW AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBIL-ITIES FOR OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS. 
Section 208 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1538) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-LATORY AFFAIRS RESPONSIBIL-ITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs shall provide meaningful guidance and oversight so that each agency’s regulations for which a written statement is required under section 202 are consistent with the principles and requirements of this title, as well as other applicable laws, and do not con-flict with the policies or actions of another agency. If the Administrator determines that an agency’s regulations for which a written statement is required under section 202 do not comply with such principles and requirements, are not consistent with other applicable laws, or conflict with the policies or actions of another agency, the Adminis-trator shall identify areas of non-compli-ance, notify the agency, and request that the agency comply before the agency finalizes the regulation concerned. ‘‘(b) ANNUAL STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS ON  A
GENCY COMPLIANCE .—The Director of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs annually shall submit to Congress, including the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, a written report detailing compliance by each agency with the requirements of this title that relate to regulations for which a writ-ten statement is required by section 202, in-cluding activities undertaken at the request of the Director to improve compliance, dur-ing the preceding reporting period. The re-port shall also contain an appendix detailing compliance by each agency with section 204.’’. 
SEC. 12. RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS OF EXISTING FEDERAL REGULATIONS. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 209 as section 210; and (2) by inserting after section 208 the fol-lowing new section 209: 
‘‘SEC. 209. RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS OF EXIST-ING FEDERAL REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—At the request of the chairman or ranking minority member of a standing or select committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate, an agency shall conduct a retrospective analysis of an existing Federal regulation promulgated by an agency. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Each agency conducting a retrospective analysis of existing Federal regulations pursuant to subsection (a) shall submit to the chairman of the relevant com-mittee, Congress, and the Comptroller Gen-eral a report containing, with respect to each Federal regulation covered by the anal-ysis— ‘‘(1) a copy of the Federal regulation; ‘‘(2) the continued need for the Federal reg-ulation; ‘‘(3) the nature of comments or complaints received concerning the Federal regulation from the public since the Federal regulation was promulgated; ‘‘(4) the extent to which the Federal regu-lation overlaps, duplicates, or conflicts with other Federal regulations, and, to the extent feasible, with State and local governmental rules; ‘‘(5) the degree to which technology, eco-nomic conditions, or other factors have changed in the area affected by the Federal regulation; ‘‘(6) a complete analysis of the retrospec-tive direct costs and benefits of the Federal regulation that considers studies done out-side the Federal Government (if any) esti-mating such costs or benefits; and ‘‘(7) any litigation history challenging the Federal regulation.’’. 
SEC. 13. EXPANSION OF JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 401(a) of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1571(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 202 and 203(a)(1) and (2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 201, 202, 203(a) (1) and (2), and 205 (a) and (b)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘only’’ each place it ap-pears; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.003 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6187 July 13, 2018 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘section 202’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘sec-tion 202, prepare the written plan under sec-tion 203(a) (1) and (2), or comply with section 205 (a) and (b), a court may compel the agen-cy to prepare such written statement, pre-pare such written plan, or comply with such section.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘written statement or plan is required’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall not’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘written statement under sec-tion 202, a written plan under section 203(a) (1) and (2), or compliance with sections 201 and 205 (a) and (b) is required, the inad-equacy or failure to prepare such statement (including the inadequacy or failure to pre-pare any estimate, analysis, statement, or description), to prepare such written plan, or to comply with such section may’’. 
SEC. 14. REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 109 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1516) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 109. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to the Congressional Budget Office $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2024 to carry out the provisions of this title.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–812. Each such fur-ther amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–812. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 5. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment simply strikes a section of H.R. 50 that subjects inde-pendent agencies to the reporting re-quirements of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, also known as UMRA. The Office of Management and Budg-et, which is charged with implementing the President’s priorities across the ex-ecutive branch, is responsible for over-seeing the implementation of H.R. 50. b1000 This bill expands OMB’s role by re-quiring them to guarantee that each agency complies with the act’s require-ments, which puts the independent agencies in jeopardy of political inter-ference. The independence of regulatory agen-cies, like the Federal Communications Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, who are respon-sible for protecting public health and safety, would be severely compromised. The aptly named independent agencies are entitled to operate with more au-tonomy than Cabinet agencies and without undue influence from Presi-dential administrations. This is particularly troubling consid-ering this administration’s track record on weakening States’ rights by gutting Federal public protections and blocking States from adopting stronger State level standards and protections. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CON-
NOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for her thought-ful amendment. This amendment would significantly improve an already bad bill by exempt-ing the independent agencies, who should not be brought under the pe-numbra of this bill at all. It will abso-lutely cut their independence and make them subject to the rulemaking and the supervision of the OMB in a way that Congress never intended. That is why they are independent agen-cies. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this thoughtful amendment, and I thank my good friend from New Jersey for her leadership on this mat-ter. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike a key provi-sion of H.R. 50, requiring independent agencies to comply with UMRA. The purpose of H.R. 50 is to require comprehensive analysis before agencies impose unfunded mandates on State, local, or Tribal governments and the private sector. Regulations must be fully analyzed and imposed only after impacted par-ties have been consulted. That should be the case whether the regulations come from a Cabinet department or an independent agency. From fiscal year 1997 to fiscal year 2016, independent agencies issued 275 major rules. Those rules imposed sig-nificant costs on our economy and often included mandates on State, local, and Tribal governments and the private sector, just the same as rules that came from non-independent agen-cies. Because independent agencies are ex-cluded from UMRA, excluded from reg-ulatory process requirements in Execu-tive Order No. 12866, and excluded from review by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, few independent agencies conduct cost-benefit analyses. In FY 2016, independent agencies issued 18 major regulations, but only a third of those rules included monetized cost analysis and not one rule included any analysis of monetized benefits. The cost-benefit analyses required by UMRA are essential for a transparent and accountable regulatory system, and eliminating section 5 would be in-consistent with the intent of H.R. 50. This bill seeks to close loopholes, not preserve them. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to op-pose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, can you tell me how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remain-ing. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, supporters of this bill will falsely claim that the provision in H.R. 50 will close a loophole that will make independent agencies account-able to the public. But I want to make it clear that this provision will only give presidents greater control over independent agen-cies and will create needless uncer-tainty in the decision-making process of independent regulatory agencies. It is also unclear how reducing the independence of these agencies address-es unfunded mandates. Instead, it is clear that the real goal is simply to un-dermine their independence. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment and remove this harmful provision. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, the real goal of this bill is to require trans-parency on the part of independent agencies and not to have a nefarious impact on those independent agencies. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–812. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 14, after line 4, insert the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A record of any consultation with any non-Federal party during the development of regulatory proposals containing a significant Federal mandate shall be posted on the website of the agency within five days after the consultation. Any comments submitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.003 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6188 July 13, 2018 
by a non-Federal party shall be posted on the website of the agency within five days after the date of submission to the agency. Page 14, line 5, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. Page 14, line 15, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(6)’’. Page 14, line 17, strike ‘‘(6)’’ and insert ‘‘(7)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which is of-fered in conjunction with the primary sponsor of H.R. 50, Representative V
IR-
GINIA FOXX, who I know has worked very hard on this legislation. I am glad that Ms. F
OXX has embraced the amendment because it does improve the legislation. The amendment would require the website post within 5 days of any con-sultations that an agency has with non-Federal parties during the develop-ment of regulatory proposals con-taining a significant Federal unfunded mandate, as well as the website posting of any comments submitted by non- Federal parties on such proposals with-in 5 days of their submission. I am delighted that we have con-verged around this question of trans-parency in the regulatory process. Pub-lic rules should serve the public, so the public should know what the ingredi-ents are, what the discussions are that are going into the preparation and the development of public regulations. This is a consensus amendment, which is all about sunlight and scru-tiny. The idea of agency interaction with interested parties on Federal mandates is a good one. In this case, I only wish that the bill required far broader and more inclusive consultation. As it stands in the legislation, early consultation is only required with af-fected ‘‘parties within the private sec-tor including small businesses’’ and ‘‘State, local, and Tribal govern-ments,’’ which are already covered under the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act. The bill still operates in a slanted way. It does not require early consulta-tions with representatives of other af-fected parties, like veterans, farmers, law enforcement officers, community associations, religious groups, and so on. I have told the sponsor that I think it is a mistake to keep it this narrow, and I only wish the Rules Committee had, in its wisdom, accepted my second amendment so we could address that shortcoming. But having said that, I appreciate the strong incorporation of the language on transparency and dis-closure, and I wish that, at least in the future, that we can be more flexible about placing all affected regulatory parties on the same plane. I thank Representative F
OXXfor her support on this amendment, and I ask that all of my colleagues support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Maryland for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. It is a thoughtful ad-dition. Certainly, more transparency is a good thing. But, as Mr. R
ASKIN suggests, it doesn’t change the underlying fact that this is a flawed bill. It doesn’t change the fact that it guts independent agen-cies. It doesn’t change the fact that it broadly expands the role of the judici-ary in an executive branch rulemaking process. It doesn’t change the fact that it basically gives unilateral authority to the chairman and ranking member here in Congress to block rules, period. And it doesn’t change the fact that it gives the private sector an unprece-dented role in rulemaking a priority in a way that is absolutely against con-sumer interests. I know my friend from Maryland un-derstands that, so I thank him for his thoughtful amendment. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. C
ONNOLLY for those remarks. I agree with that. I think there was an opportunity here where we could have gotten the whole committee together, but the bill does remain way too nar-row in terms of addressing just part of the affected regulatory community and not the rest of it, and there is no rea-son to do it like that. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that we have an amendment on transparency in the process that takes place, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, al-though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to support this amendment. This amendment requires a record of any consultation with a non-Federal party and requires agencies to post any comments submitted by a non-Federal party to their website within 5 days. Transparency is a bipartisan priority and is a key feature of many regu-latory process requirements. For instance, the Administrative Procedures Act generally requires Fed-eral agencies to publish their proposed rules in the Federal Register for all to see and to give the public an oppor-tunity to comment. Rulemaking dock-ets and public comments are increas-ingly available for public inspection online. Groups, such as the Administrative Conference of the United States, have recommended that records of consulta-tions and ex parte communications be disclosed and made a part of the rule-making docket. H.R. 50 seeks to introduce greater transparency in the regulatory process, and this amendment is consistent with that split. I thank the gentleman from Mary-land for offering the amendment and for working with me to expand its ap-plication and increase transparency. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 3 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–812. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 19, after line 7, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 15. SUNSET OF UNFUNDED MANDATES RE-FORM ACT AND CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT AMENDMENTS IF GDP GROWTH FAILS TO INCREASE AT AV-ERAGE ANNUAL RATE OF 5 PERCENT OR MORE. 
If the real gross domestic product of the United States fails to increase at an average annual rate of 5 percent or more for the first 4 calendar quarters occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act, as released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the De-partment of Commerce, then the amend-ments made by this Act to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Public Law 104-4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) and the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602 et seq.) are repealed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is a simple, clear amendment to the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. This amendment seeks to establish a performance-based sunset mechanism stipulating that, in the event that the annual rate of real GDP growth re-mains below 5 percent over the first four quarters occurring after the date of enactment, then the statutory changes made by H.R. 50 are repealed because the bill will have proved to have been ineffective. If the promise of deregulation and gutting the protection of the American people is greater economic growth, then let’s test that theory. This amendment sets up a real-world measurement and a sunset mechanism that supporters and opponents can sup-port. It features the flexibility to en-sure an appropriate response to the im-pact of H.R. 50 on America’s economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.006 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6189 July 13, 2018 
growth over the year following enact-ment. If the Unfunded Mandates Informa-tion and Transparency Act, by less-ening the independence of independent regulatory agencies and by strength-ening the influence of the private sec-tor to be regulated in the Federal rule-making process, does, in fact, spur eco-nomic growth, we should hold the pol-icy accountable. During the Obama ad-ministration—a time when President Obama’s critics believed that overregu-lation was inhibiting the economy from growing and stunting recovery after the Great Recession, quarterly growth contradicted them. Quarterly growth of real GDP was at least 5 per-cent once and over 4 percent 11 times. In fact, in 2014, when Congress last considered, but did not enact, this bill and the supposed hobnail boot of gov-ernment was on the neck of our econ-omy, GDP actually grew at an annual rate of 4.6 percent and 5.2 percent in the second and third quarters, respec-tively, of that year. The provisions of H.R. 50 would make it harder for Federal agencies to safe-guard air and water quality, the safety of food and consumer products, and the health and welfare of all Americans, all in the name of spurring economic growth. Therefore, it follows, if it fails to spur that promised economic growth and achieve an average annual growth of 5 percent over the year following the enactment of the law, then the statu-tory changes made by this bill should be repealed because they failed. Any-thing less would be a bad deal for the American public. Finally, I would note that, according to the preliminary estimate of the Con-gressional Budget Office, this amend-ment would not increase direct spend-ing or reduce revenues, and I strongly urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1015 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would repeal H.R. 50 if GDP remains below 5 percent over the first four quarters after enactment. H.R. 50 is not intended to raise the GDP. It is intended to ensure the Fed-eral Government does not impose costs on State, local, and Tribal govern-ments and the private sector without consulting those entities that are im-pacted by the regulation. The GDP does not reflect how a given regulatory mandate affects a particular govern-ment or private sector industry. However, this amendment would tie the GDP to the future of the entire bill. H.R. 50 gives the private sector an opportunity to give Federal agencies information about how to craft reason-able and effective regulation. After all, State, local, and Tribal governments and private sector entities are often in the best position to anticipate how a proposed regulation will affect their operations. H.R. 50 will help to ensure regula-tions that impose unfunded mandates are adequately analyzed in order to make these mandates the most effec-tive and least burdensome they can be. I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia) having as-sumed the chair, Mr. J
OHNSON of Lou-isiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safe-guards with respect to imposing Fed-eral mandates, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 985, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with a further amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. BEATTY. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Beatty moves to recommit the bill H.R. 50 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. 15. STOPPING SEXUAL PREDATORS, DOMES-TIC VIOLENCE, AND RAPE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall not apply to, limit, or restrict any Federal agency mandate or action, the purpose of which is to— (1) protect students and children from a person who has been convicted in any court of a sex offense against a minor; (2) prevent domestic violence by stopping persons from harassing, stalking, or threat-ening a spouse, a family member, an inti-mate partner, or a child of an intimate part-ner; (3) prevent rape or sexual assault; or (4) require criminal background checks for school or other employees through a search of the National Crime Information Center, the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Inte-grated Automated Fingerprint Identification System, or the National Sex Offender Public Website. Ms. FOXX (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage as amended. Mr. Speaker, I want to echo all the concerns that my colleagues have ex-pressed with the underlying bill here today. This bill would add unnecessary obstacles to inhibit the ability of the Federal Government to protect the health, the safety, and the security of the American people. I understand that Democrats and Re-publicans have traditionally disagreed on the values of those protections, even though the public overwhelmingly sup-ports them, whether it is keeping our air and our water clean, guarding workers against exploitation, or so many other things. But I would hope that one area where we can agree on is that this Congress, this government, should do everything possible to pro-tect the safety of our children and those most vulnerable without adding unnecessary burdens like those man-dated in this bill. Let me connect the dots for the pub-lic to know. As it stands, Mr. Speaker, this bill would just add more hoops for Federal agencies to jump through and, actually, would make them less respon-sive to addressing problems like sexual assault and domestic violence. The amendment contained in this motion would fix this problem by ex-empting from the bill’s additional re-quirements any agency action that is meant to, and I want to be real clear: One, protect students and children from someone who has been convicted of a sexual offense against a minor. We have far too many cases before us. Two, prevent domestic violence against a family member or an inti-mate partner. Mr. Speaker, I have counseled far too many women who have been abused. Three, prevent rape or sexual assault. Four, require criminal backgrounds checks for school or other employees. Since the last time this Chamber considered this bill, we have seen a reckoning in this country when it comes to sexual assault, with the rise of the Me Too movement, millions of women, or a half million women right here in Washington, D.C., on our Cap-itol Grounds marching. This issue is in the forefront of national discussion, and for good reasons, Mr. Speaker. No aspect of our society, including this very Congress, has been immune. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.020 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6190 July 13, 2018 
As the dialog on this issue continues, we should not hamstring Federal ef-forts to address what is so clearly a systemic problem in this country. This amendment would also cover the issue of human trafficking. I am very proud of my bipartisan work that I have done on trafficking, and some of my most stalwart partners on this issue come from the other side of the aisle. I would hope that they, too, would recognize that we need the abil-ity to institute the strongest possible protections. Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, the House overwhelmingly passed a new law that has had an immediate impact on stemming online trafficking. As successful as the law has been, traf-fickers continue to adapt and find ways to exploit our children and the most at risk. This bill will make it harder for Federal agencies to respond to these new realities. There is no cost-benefit analysis that can properly weigh the importance of protecting children who have been traf-ficked, who have been sexually as-saulted or abused. There is no congres-sionally mandated report or stake-holder consultation that could reach any conclusion other than we should do everything possible to prevent domes-tic violence. On behalf of all of those who have been victims of domestic violence or sexual assault, or for those who we can prevent from becoming victims, I urge, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues today to support this amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The gentle-woman from North Carolina is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, we, on our side of the aisle, join our colleague in stating our absolute abhorrence to do-mestic violence and sexual assault in this country. None of us want to see any incidents of sexual assault, domes-tic violence, or assault on children, ob-viously. What we are concerned about, and what this bill can help do, is to help our local police and law enforcement have better opportunities to help to fight these terrible, terrible situations. I thank our colleague for her leader-ship in working with us on this side of the aisle and with all of us who have had a bipartisan effort on sex traf-ficking and sexual assault. But, Mr. Speaker, I oppose the mo-tion to recommit. We have been ana-lyzing, debating, and voting on this bill to update the unfunded mandates re-form for years. When UMRA was en-acted 23 years ago, it was an important step to analyze the burdens of Federal legislation and regulations on State and local governments. But now it needs an update. H.R. 50 would close loopholes in UMRA, enhance transparency and ac-countability, and increase communica-tion with State and local governments. Mr. Speaker, if the State and local governments didn’t have to spend so much money on unnecessary things, perhaps they would be able to do more on the issues my colleague brought up. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill with a bipartisan amendment from the committee and a bipartisan amend-ment from the floor. Let’s not let a bi-partisan motion stop a fix to decades- old problems in all our districts, un-funded mandates. H.R. 50 is good for State and local governments, the Federal Government, businesses, and, most importantly, it is good for the public. I urge my col-leagues to oppose the motion to recom-mit. I support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 180, nays 219, not voting 29, as follows: [Roll No. 327] YEAS—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—219 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.023 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6191 July 13, 2018 
NOT VOTING—29 
Barletta Black Cheney Ellison Garrett Hanabusa Harper Hoyer Issa Jones Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Lofgren Lowey Marchant McEachin Moore Moulton Mullin Perlmutter Rooney, Thomas J. Sewell (AL) Simpson Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Walz Waters, Maxine 
b1052 Messrs. GROTHMAN, GRAVES of Georgia, WALDEN, DAVIDSON, WALBERG, SMITH of Nebraska, GOODLATTE, and BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. JAYAPAL, Messrs. KRISHNAMOORTHI, HIGGINS of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. CICILLINE, RUSH, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, and Ms. PELOSI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 168, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 328] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—30 
Barletta Black Cheney Ellison Garrett Hanabusa Harper Hoyer Huizenga Issa Jones Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Lofgren Lowey Marchant McEachin Moore Moulton Nolan Perlmutter Rooney, Thomas J. Sewell (AL) Simpson Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Walz Waters, Maxine b1059 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes due to meeting with a constituent. Had I been present for rollcall vote No. 328, H.R. 50 Unfunded Mandates Infor-mation and Transparency Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I was unable to vote this morning. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 327, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 328. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REPORT ON H. CON. RES. 128, CON-CURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. WOMACK, from the Committee on the Budget, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–816) on the con-current resolution (H. Con. Res. 128) es-tablishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 13, 2018, TO MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 16, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING PENSKE RACING/WILL POWER (Mr. BUDD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.015 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6192 July 13, 2018 
Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mooresville, North Carolina’s own, the Penske rac-ing team, as they recently added yet another big win to their legendary tro-phy case and brought home the 2018 In-dianapolis 500. North Carolina is proud of the whole team, Mr. Speaker, but I want to spe-cifically recognize Will Power who was behind the wheel when they took home the win. I also want to recognize team owner, Roger Penske, who, with this latest win, can claim his 17th victory at the speedway. Iredell County and the entire State of North Carolina is proud of the 32 na-tional championships, including 15 in IndyCar, specifically coming from the Penske team. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rep-resent a group whose leadership, deter-mination, and drive brings so much pride to our area. I am also glad they choose this part of North Carolina to call home, and I look forward to their bringing even more trophies back to our area in the coming years. 
f 
INSULTING BEHAVIOR IS UNBECOMING (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I come from the fourth largest city in the Nation, soon, I hope, to be the third. We take great pride in the num-ber of consular offices that we have and the languages that we speak. I particularly sought to engage in international affairs by participating with international organizations that engage the European Union as well as the OSCE. There are individuals in Houston from France, from England, from Italy, from Bulgaria, and many places in and around Europe, Western and Eastern. So the behavior that I watched over the last couple of days with the assault on NATO by our Commander in Chief is, frankly, embarrassing. America stands as a bastion of de-mocracy and freedom, and the world looks to us. Insults are not becoming of the American people. Insults to heads of state are not becoming to the Amer-ican people. Frankly, I am against Brexit. I think it is the wrong thing to do. I think Eu-rope should be a unified group of indi-viduals supporting democracy and standing tall. But it is outrageous that our representative engaged in NATO, as well as interacting with our foreign leaders, would, one, have a dastardly and rude commentary in the Sun- Times insulting our news media, such as CNN. And then, frankly, going on to one of our worst adversaries, a person who has poisoned people on foreign land, who has jailed journalists, who has shot down airplanes, and now Vladimir Putin will be giving our President a performance review. That is not the American way. Shape up. Shape up, Mr. President. f 
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to com-mend the House Appropriations Com-mittee for passing 11 of the 12 appro-priations bills out of committee. All the bills except Homeland Security have passed committee. Here on the House floor we have passed four of those appropriations bills. The Senate has passed three. This is what we call regular order, and it is very important to the political process that every Member of Congress in this Chamber and the Senate have a chance to offer amendments, be heard, and speak. Both parties have agreed to this. We need to get all the bills through the House and appoint the conference committees. Those conference commit-tees are where you reconcile the dif-ferences. We have fallen away from this here in this Chamber in the past few years. It is about time we got back to the regular appropriations process. I want to keep the positive momen-tum going and commend us for passing those bills. Let’s get that Defense bill passed and fund our troops the way that the American people deserve. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF CATHOLIC BISHOP RICHARD GAR-CIA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I recognize today the life of Catholic Bishop Richard Garcia who recently passed at the age of 71. Although his loss was after a very short battle with Alzheimer’s, Bishop Garcia lived a long life filled with God and God’s children. His parents were immigrants from Mexico who wanted to give their chil-dren a better life. That American Dream was fulfilled when Bishop Gar-cia became a priest in 1973, and, fortu-nately for me and my constituents, in 2006 he was then named the bishop for the Monterey Diocese. When Bishop Garcia would see you, he would grab you, he would hug you, and he wouldn’t look through you, but he would look at you. It was at that point that you would feel his love and his divine spirit for every man. Bishop Garcia welcomed everyone who entered his church, but also those who entered this country. He didn’t care just about people, but also the fu-ture of this planet. A quote by another eminent priest from the central coast of California, Saint Junipero Serra, was: ‘‘Always to go forward and never to turn back.’’ As we look back on the life of Rich-ard Garcia, we know that his spirit, his love, and his guidance provides us with the divinity to always go forward. f 
b1115 HONORING THE LIFE OF BRENNAN STEWART (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Madam Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Brennan Stewart. Brennan attended the Route 91 fes-tival in Las Vegas on October 1. He was an aspiring country musician who loved to sing while he played his gui-tar. He enjoyed hunting; taking trips to his family’s cabin in Moab, Utah; and watching his favorite teams, the Atlanta Braves and the San Francisco 49ers. He loved riding dirt bikes and is remembered as being the life of the party. Brennan would always put others be-fore himself. He died at the Route 91 festival while he was shielding his girlfriend from gunfire and helping others to safety. He is also remembered as a man who could give anyone the shirt off his back and for being a gen-uine man. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Brennan Stewart’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF RANDY WILSON (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Randy Wilson, the managing editor of the Arizona Daily Sun, who passed away unexpectedly last week. Randy’s love for his job was evident, and he was a shining example of jour-nalistic integrity and fairness. His life went far beyond producing a fine news-paper that serves thousands of Arizo-nans. He was also fully committed to giving back to his community. In addition to leading the annual New Year’s Day Polar Plunge and the Flagstaff Four on the Fourth race, he was active in his church, explored northern Arizona’s trails and parks, and played a major role in the Daily Sun’s citizen and organization of the year initiatives. Randy’s legacy will live on, thanks to his enduring commitment to his community, his State, and his paper. My heart goes out to his wife, Lindsay; his daughter, Caroline; his fellow jour-nalists; and his loved ones. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.028 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6193 July 13, 2018 
HONORING HENRY WHEELER ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Mr. Henry Wheeler, who will be celebrating his 100th birthday on Sunday. Henry was born and grew up in Buf-falo, New York, in the midst of the Great Depression. He met and married his wife, Betty, just before leaving to serve his country in World War II. During the war, Henry served as an intelligence specialist in a number of major campaigns in Europe. In one in-stance, he was captured and held cap-tive by the Germans as he gave blood to a fellow officer. He was released after the Allies’ victory in the Battle of the Bulge. As the Nazis surrendered, Henry was part of cleanup operations at Buchenwald, seeing firsthand the evidence of the Holocaust. For his serv-ice, he was awarded both the Bronze Star and the European-African-Middle Eastern Service Medal. After the war, Henry returned home and cofounded Service Systems Cor-poration, which became a conglom-erate of specialized service companies, employing approximately 5,000 people nationwide. In 1967, he moved to Fort Lauderdale with Betty and their five sons. He has always paid his success for-ward, making substantial charitable contributions to various causes. But in a testament to his character, he always made those donations anonymously. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Henry Wheel-er and thanking him for his contribu-tions to our country and south Florida. Happy birthday, Henry. 
f 
COMMENDING THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I want to commend our United States Depart-ment of Justice for reopening the Emmet Till murder case. Emmet Till was a young man who was brutally murdered in Mississippi in 1955. The case that was brought to trial in Mississippi charged two White men who were identified by a Black one, one of Mr. Till’s 14-year-old relatives. The all-White jury found them not guilty. Both men, looking back afterwards, said they did it, and nothing happened. There have been lots of investiga-tions about this, lots of reports, and the Justice Department has seized some ‘‘new evidence’’ to reopen the case. I commend our Justice Depart-ment. While justice delayed is justice de-nied, justice, whenever it can be found in these civil rights cases, is appro-priate and proper. I thank the Department of Justice. f 
ORANGE COUNTY LIBRARY SYS-TEM—NATIONAL MEDAL FOR MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICE (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, on behalf of our central Florida community, I am proud to recognize the Orange County Library System for being the recipient of the Nation’s 2018 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. The Orange County Library System was selected from 29 national finalists to receive this prestigious medal. This is the highest honor given to libraries that make exceptional contributions to their communities through dynamic programming and services. It is a tre-mendous win for our community. Orange County Library is bringing positive change to central Florida, and they are specifically being recognized for their work providing access to STEM education for children living in underserved communities, providing ESOL classes for adults and families, and their commitment to providing ac-cess to high-quality educational tools for children in Orange County’s public school system. I would like to recognize Mary Anne Hodel, Orange County Library System Library director and CEO, and Lisa Franchina, president of the library board of trustees, for their leadership and inspirational work; Erin Sullivan, Orange County Library System’s pub-lic relations administrator, for taking the initiative of recognizing the great work of OCLS; and all the dedicated staff and volunteers of the library for their work in helping residents of cen-tral Florida to foster personal growth and development. 
f 
EUROPE SHOULD PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE FOR NATO (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, ‘‘This is no NATO for deadbeats,’’ to quote Wesley Pruden of The Wash-ington Times. Some of our NATO allies are beside themselves over President Trump’s calling out our NATO friends for not helping pick up the tab of 2 percent in military spending. As a member of the U.S. NATO Par-liamentary Assembly, I have been be-fuddled for years how some of the coun-tries make excuses for not paying their committed share of NATO defense—de-fense against the Napoleon of Siberia, Putin. Our ever-proper European friends may not remember that American teenagers went to war and shed blood two times in the last century to help save Europe. Well, Madam Speaker, Americans have not forgotten the American sacrifice in those lands over there. It is time for all NATO countries to be as concerned about European de-fense as America is. If President Trump’s comments irked the sensibili-ties of our allies, well, they should just get the message. It is time for NATO to buck it up and keep their word and help pay for our common defense. And that is just the way it is. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of medical reasons. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 12, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5956. To incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. H.R. 2122. To reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam. H.R. 2292. To extend a project of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission involv-ing the Cannonsville Dam. H.R. 447. To extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 951. To extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 220. To authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes. H.R. 446. To extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 219. To correct the Swan Lake hydro-electric project survey boundary and to pro-vide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. H.R. 4722. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3183. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Vir-ginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 1496. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. H.R. 4646. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2673. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 4301. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Caro-lina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4406. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.030 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6194 July 13, 2018 
Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4685. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4574. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4463. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4840. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 23 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 16, 2018, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Member executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Michael Cloud f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5571. A letter from the Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory Anal-ysis, Rural Development Utilities Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Policy on Audits of RUS Borrowers and Grantees (RIN: 0572- AC33) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5572. A letter from the Director, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Matching Funds Re-quirements for Agricultural Research and Extension Capacity Funds at 1890 Land- Grant Institutions and at 1862 Land-Grant Institutions in Insular Areas (RIN: 0524- AA68) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5573. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, Surf City, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0604] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5574. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, Swansboro, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0612] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5575. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0606] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5576. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Reserve, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0587] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5577. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Gulf In-tracoastal Waterway, Lafitte, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0514] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5578. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Tchefuncte River, Madisonville, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0332] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5579. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-bia River, Kennewick, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0633] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5580. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Willam-ette River, Lake Oswego, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0380] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5581. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Fireworks Display, Delaware Bay, Lewes, DE [Docket Number USCG-2018-0450] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5582. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Monongahela River mile 32.0 to 36.0, Gal-latin, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0611] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5583. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake-wood Independence Day Fireworks; Lake Erie, Lakewood, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0467] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5584. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Wine and Walleye Festival Fireworks; Ashtabula River, Ashtabula, OH [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0468] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5585. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Officer Lehner Memorial Vintage Regatta; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0078] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5586. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0333] (RIN: 165-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5587. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ten-nessee River, Gilbertsville, KY [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0239] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5588. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0331] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5589. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zone; Seattle’s Seafair Fleet Week Moving Vessels, Puget Sound, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0105] (RIN: 1625- AA87) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5590. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Corpus Christi Bay, Corpus Christi, TX [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0340] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5591. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Wyandotte Invites, Detroit River, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.018 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6195 July 13, 2018 
Trenton Channel, Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0626] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5592. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Gulf of Mexico; Sarasota, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0316] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5593. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Grounds; Saint Law-rence Seaway, Cape Vincent, New York [Docket No.: USCG-2017-1125] (RIN: 1625- AA01) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5594. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Recurring Events in Captain of the Port Duluth Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0102] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5595. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — On-Time Performance Under Section 213 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 [Docket No.: EP-726] received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5596. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s direct final rule — Con-forming Statutory Amendments and Tech-nical Corrections to Small Business Govern-ment Contracting Regulations (RIN: 3245- AH02) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 5597. A letter from the Adjutant General, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, transmitting the proceedings of the 118th National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, held in New Orleans, Louisiana, July 22-26, 2017, pur-suant to 44 U.S.C. 1332; Public Law 90-620 (as amended by Public Law 105-225, Sec. 3); (112 Stat. 1498) (H. Doc. No. 115—139); to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 5598. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — New Accounting Standards for Rev-enue Recognition (FASB 606) (Rev. Proc. 2018-29) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5599. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Carbon Oxide Sequestra-tion — 2018 Section 45Q Inflation Adjustment Factor [Notice 2018-40] received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 5600. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Center for Medicare and Medicaid In-novation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; CY 2018 Up-dates to the Quality Payment Program; and Quality Payment Program: Extreme and Un-controllable Circumstance Policy for the Transition Year; Corrections [CMS-5522-F2] (RIN: 0938-AT13) received May 21, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOMACK: Committee on the Budget. House Concurrent Resolution 128. Resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 (Rept. 115–816). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4032. A bill to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or ease-ments on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, boundary of the Gila River Indian Commu-nity’s Reservation, to take certain land lo-cated in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–817). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6365. A bill to establish the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo Land Grant-Merced Claims Commission and other Federal poli-cies for the restoration of land for hardships resulting from the incomplete and inequi-table implementation of the Treaty of Gua-dalupe Hidalgo, to affirm Land Grant-Merced property rights protected by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6366. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to carry out a pilot pro-gram for the prevention and mitigation of acts of terrorism using motor vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6367. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dis-pute process for non-payment to subcontrac-tors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6368. A bill to encourage R&D small business set-asides, to encourage SBIR and STTR participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Administration’s men-tor-protege program, to promote the use of interagency contracts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Over-sight and Government Reform, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself and Mr. SCHNEIDER ): H.R. 6369. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source con-tracts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Ms. K
APTUR ): H.R. 6370. A bill to provide that certain bad faith communications in connection with the assertion of a United States patent are un-fair or deceptive acts or practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6371. A bill to ensure that Medicaid beneficiaries have the opportunity to receive care in a home and community-based set-ting; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. R
UIZ, and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 6372. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services issue regulations to ensure due process rights for physicians furnishing emergency medical services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6373. A bill to make supplemental ap-propriations to provide additional funds to Americorps for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Appro-priations. By Mr. PERRY (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 6374. A bill to require the Department of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 6375. A bill to establish the SelectUSA program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6376. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain reforms to disciplinary procedures applicable to members of the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regard-ing the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accom-panying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 (the Nec-essary and Proper Clause) which gives Con-gress the power make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JY7.000 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6196 July 13, 2018 
By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6368. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power - To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power - To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 6369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority granted to Congress to regu-late patent and intellectual property law is derived from Article I, Section 8, clause 8 of the Constitution, providing the legislature with the power to ‘‘promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for lim-ited times to authors and inventors the ex-clusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ Further, the Necessary and Proper Clause found in Article I, Section 8, clause 18, provides Congress with the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 6374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution authorizes the Congress to enact laws providing for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States. This legislation implements uniform fitness standards to ensure contract employ-ees hired by the Department of Homeland Security posses the requisite character and qualifications to defend the country. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 120: Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 173: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 184: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 233: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 444: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 846: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 930: Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 983: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 1300: Mr. W
ALZand Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1409: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1734: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1772: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1881: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. M ITCHELL , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 2267: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2748: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2871: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3032: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3458: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4202: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 4234: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 4476: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4737: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5004: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 5153: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5222: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5233: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 5343: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5356: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5385: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5472: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . H.R. 5521: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5759: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5864: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5922: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 5963: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 5988: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 6014: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 6031: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 6071: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6121: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6156: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 6274: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 6277: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 6318: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 6337: Mr. L
AHOOD and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 6344: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6345: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 6346: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6349: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 6364: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. M
ASSIE . H. Res. 673: Mr. R
USSELL . H. Res. 757: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Res. 826: Mr. C
OOK. H. Res. 869: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H. Res. 910: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Res. 990: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added her name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mrs. Beatty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.023 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1009 July 13, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT BENJAMIN ALLEN BARTELS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Benjamin Allen Bartels of Pella, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Benjamin is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 373 in Pella, IA and Mid Iowa Council in Des Moines, IA. He is also a freshman at Pella High School. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Benjamin’s Eagle Scout Project included the planning, organizing, pro-curing of materials, and construction of a GaGa ball pit in Caldwell Park in Pella. The work ethic Benjamin has shown in his Eagle Project, and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank, speaks volumes of his com-mitment to serving a cause greater than him-self and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Ben-jamin and his family In the United States Con-gress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating him on obtaining the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TURNER F. GASSAWAY, JR. 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Turner F. Gassaway, Jr., who passed away in June at the age of 97. Mr. Gassaway was raised on his family’s farm in Elm Mott, Texas. He enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II. As a First Lieutenant, Gassaway flew 35 combat missions in a B–17 as part of the 388th Bom-bardment Group of the 8th Air Force based in southeast England. For his meritorious military service, Gassaway was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross, the Air Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters, and the European, African and Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with five Bronze Battle Stars. Upon returning home, Mr. Gassaway began attending the University of Colorado at Boul-der before transferring to the University of Texas at Austin. During his time at UT Austin, he pitched for the Longhorns. He received his degree from the University of Texas at Austin College of Pharmacy. In 1951, Gassaway moved to Denton where he owned and oper-ated Gassaway Pharmacy and Apothecary for more than 30 years. As a long-time business owner and phar-macist, Mr. Turner F. Gassaway, Jr. dem-onstrated his commitment to Denton and the wellbeing of his fellow citizens throughout his life. I am grateful for his service to our country and the North Texas community, and I offer my condolences to his family and loved ones. f 
TRIBUTE TO COLEEN AND BUZZ KINNICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Coleen and Buzz Kinnick of Bayard, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 23, 2018. Coleen and Buzz’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PRO-MOTING NATIONAL SERVICE AND REDUCING UNEMPLOYMENT ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Promoting National Service and Reducing Unemployment Act to address one ofthe greatest workforce tragedies resulting from today’s economy—our unemployed young people—to spur economic growth and to alleviate strain on state and local govern-ments. This tragedy is not only harming our young people, but it is also costing our gov-ernment billions of dollars each year through lost tax revenue and other costs. Unemploy-ment has reached a relative low of 3.8 per-cent, but my bill targets the almost two million young people who have not had a fair chance to ever use their high school and college edu-cation, which this nation has strongly urged them to obtain. What is particularly disappointing is the high unemployment rate for young people who heeded our advice to graduate from high school and college. The total unemployment rate is currently 9.1 percent for young adults ages 18 to 24, and hundreds of thousands now compete for unpaid internships wherever they can find them. By significantly expanding AmeriCorps, my bill would need no new ad-ministrative structure or bureaucracy and would allow unemployed young people to earn a stipend, obtain work experience and develop a good work history to help them secure future employment. The net cost of the expansion would be low because these young people would be providing urgently needed local serv-ices that are being eliminated or curtailed be-cause of state and local budget cuts, such as after-school programs, tutoring and assistance for the elderly. The bill would significantly expand job op-portunities for young people who have done everything possible to enter fully into the job market, but, despite their best efforts, remain unemployed in this economy. Participants re-ceive a living allowance and are also eligible for an education award equal to the value of a Pell grant, school-loan forbearance, health care benefits and child care assistance. By ex-panding the AmeriCorps program, we would reduce the number of unemployed young peo-ple, provide them with work skills and experi-ence and help cash-strapped state and local governments provide services that they would otherwise have to cut. For some time, it has been clear that poli-cies to address the most stubborn forms of unemployment need to be targeted in order to be effective. Without significant targeting, young graduates will continue to face their first years as adults without jobs and with no way to acquire necessary work experience. They deserve better. I ask my colleagues to support this urgently needed, targeted assistance for young, unemployed Americans. f 
TRIBUTE TO KAREN AND PERRY M
CCALLAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Karen and Perry McCallan of Glenwood, Iowa on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. Karen and Perry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.001 E13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1010 July 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
ENIGMA MACHINE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, seventy- seven years ago this week the Allied forces made a decisive discovery in their war against the fascist Nazi regime. Throughout the early part of the war, Hitler had the Allies on the defensive. He marched his armies all the way to British Channel, conquering country after country. Using the Enigma machine—widely consid-ered completely unbreakable—the Nazis se-cretly transmitted messages about military op-erations across the continent and to every front of the war. But on July 9, 1941, after years of tireless effort, the Allies finally cracked the code. They began intercepting German commu-nications with increasing frequency, marking a turning point in the war. The Allies could now avoid enemy traps, prepare for invasions, and attack weak-spots in Nazi lines. So today, Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize those who dedicated themselves to breaking he Enigma code, including the bril-liant British mathematician Alan Turing. I would also thank the Allied Military includ-ing the U.S. Navy for capturing these Enigma Machines so the code could be broken. These men and women saved countless Al-lied lives and helped free Europe and protect the world. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANE AND RUSS HENRY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jane and Russ Henry of Winterset, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF LEE HOWELL HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the public service of Police Chief Lee Howell and thank him for his service to the greater Denton Community. Chief Howell has led the Denton Police Department since 2011. However, his service to Denton extends throughout his 37-year law enforcement ca-reer. Chief Howell has fostered goodwill and civil-ity between the Denton Police Department and local political and civic groups, elected offi-cials, and the public. As our region grows, he has helped the police department expand to meet new needs. During his tenure, Chief Howell has been responsible for enforcing the law, keeping the peace, and maintaining the safety of citizens. He has overseen the biannual Denton Police Academy that produced trained officers who now serve throughout the North Texas region. It is my great privilege to recognize Chief Howell for his service, leadership, and commit-ment to excellence. Chief Howell’s expertise and leadership will be missed by the greater Denton community. On behalf of the 26th Dis-trict, I congratulate him as he starts a new leadership role as Chief of Police in Saginaw, Texas. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA AND KENNETH WRIGHT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Patricia and Kenneth Wright of Underwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 14, 1958. Patricia and Kenneth’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE VILLAGE OF ESPERANCE 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the bicentennial anniversary of the founding of the Village of Esperance, New York and to recognize two hundred years of faithful and distinguished service by the Esperance Volunteer Fire Department. For two hundred years, the Village of Esperance has contributed to the American story, weaving together a diverse community, cultivating a strong civil society, and fostering a resilient fire department. Situated on the north bank of the Schoharie Creek, Esperance is the oldest incorporated village in Schoharie county, and the fifth oldest incorporated Vil-lage in New York State. Formerly known as ‘‘State Bridge’’ when it was originally settled in the late 18th century, the settlement consisted only of three cabins surrounded by dense forest land. Hermanus Ten Eyck received the land grant in 1739, and allocated about sixty acres of land to be sold as building lots. Mr. Ten Eyck became dis-appointed by the slow sale of the lots, and eventually sold his land holdings to Gen. Wil-liam North—a general in the Revolutionary War, U.S. Senator, and Member and Speaker of the New York State Assembly—in 1806. It was Gen. North’s daughter that suggested the name ‘‘Esperance’’ for the village. The name ‘‘Esperance,’’ which translates to ‘‘hope’’ in French, truly describes the common thread that runs through its history. Hope has persisted through the nascent years of Esperance’s existence, the tribulations of de-pression and war, and the many great tri-umphs of American history. The strength and independence that continues to define this town are a result of roots that have grown strong these past two hundred years. Protecting the village and its treasures has been the job of the Esperance Volunteer Fire Department. For two centuries, brave volun-teers from the community have put their lives on the line for their friends, neighbors, and fel-low citizens. I commend them for their service and their sacrifice. Additionally, I would like to recognize the Department’s place in history as the owner of ‘‘Deluge No. 1,’’ the first fire en-gine owned by the village and the oldest fire engine in America. This bicentennial anniversary marks a great milestone in Esperance’s history, and serves as an important time for reflection. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to ex-tend my deepest appreciation and congratula-tions to the Village of Esperance and to the firefighters who continue to protect it. As the residents celebrate its 200th birthday, I would like to commend them on the success of their small, vibrant community and wish Esperance continued prosperity in its next 200 years. f 
TRIBUTE TO DOREEN KNUTH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Doreen Knuth of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the 2018 Principal of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Do-reen is the principal at Carter Lake Elementary School in Carter Lake, Iowa. Doreen is a native of Council Bluffs and graduated from Abraham Lincoln High School. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.004 E13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1011 July 13, 2018 
Doreen has been associated with the Council Bluffs Community School District for over 38 years. She has served as a teacher, adminis-trator, and principal. Doreen earned a bach-elor’s degree in education, a master’s degree in special education, and a master’s in edu-cation administration. Doreen said she knew she would become an educator because she liked being around children and helping them—caring for them in whatever way she could. Doreen said, ‘‘what I’ve enjoyed most is watching teachers grow professionally, watch-ing teachers masterfully deliver lessons and engage children in their learning and watching children grow both academically and socially.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Doreen Knuth for receiving the 2018 Principal of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Doreen is a shin-ing example of how hard work and dedication can affect the future of students and their edu-cation goals. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Doreen and wishing her nothing but continued success in all her future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SETH MOULTON 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, due to per-sonal reasons, I was unable to vote yesterday, July 12, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 322; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 323; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 324; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 325; and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 326. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOEL NELSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Joel Nel-son of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the 2018 Teacher of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Joel is a math teacher at Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs. Joel is a native of Ida Grove, Iowa and earned his bachelor’s degree in education from the University of Northern Iowa. Joel began his career in education as a student teacher at Abraham Lincoln High School and has a distinguished career in teaching and helping students through challenging times in math. He said it was his desire to help other people who struggled with math that led him to become a math teacher—as well as his love of math. Joel keeps busy with other inter-ests at school as a coach for eighth-grade football, assistant tennis coach, basketball scorekeeper, class sponsor, site supervisor for activities, prom planner, and graduation coor-dinator. He is an inspiration and role model for students and teachers by his actions every day at school. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Joel Nelson for receiving the Teacher of the Year Award from the Council Bluffs Commu-nity School District. Joel is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can affect the future of students and their education goals. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Joel and wishing him nothing but continued success in all his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING LTC CLINTON SEYBOLD UPON CHANGE OF COMMAND 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the service of Lieutenant Colonel Clinton ‘‘Clint’’ Seybold as Com-mander of the American Samoa Detachment upon the occasion of the Change of Com-mand Ceremony. In American Samoa, our men and women of the Armed Forces are very important to us. The people of our islands take great pride in being patriotic Americans and our people are known for a high rate of service in our military. In particular, our U.S. Army recruiting center ranks number one in the nation in enlistment rate. Lieutenant Colonel Seybold has deployed in numerous postings from Kentucky to Korea, and in 2015, assumed Command of the Amer-ican Samoa Detachment, Theater Support Group, 9th Mission Support Command, Tafuna, American Samoa. He has an extensive list of military awards and decorations, and is a graduate of the prestigious Virginia Military Institute with a Bachelor of Arts in History. He also graduated U.S. Army Airborne School, Ranger School and Air Assault School, followed by a Master of Arts in U.S. History from Eastern Illinois University. In honoring this one outstanding officer today, we also express our deep appreciation to all who serve, including the many in uniform from American Samoa serving with distinction all over the world. In American Samoa, we’ve come to appre-ciate Clint as one of our own. Congratulations to Lieutenant Colonel Seybold, on his next role and the great future ahead of him. I thank him and his wife, Wendy, for his service and his time on our beautiful Islands. God bless and Soifua. f 
TRIBUTE TO BARB AND DARWIN SNOOK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Barb and Darwin Snook of Grand River, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary on July 6, 2018. They were mar-ried at the United Methodist Church in Earlham in 1968. Barb and Darwin’s lifelong commitment to each other, their two children and four grand-children truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Barb and Darwin Snook on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DIANE AND DALE CONN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Diane and Dale Conn of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary on June 15, 2018. They were married in the First Lutheran Church in Mount Ayr in 1968. Diane and Dale’s lifelong commitment to each other, their three children and seven grandchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Diane and Dale Conn on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.009 E13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D808 Friday, July 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 16, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6365–6376, were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H6195 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6196 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Con. Res. 128, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 (H. Rept. 115–816); and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–817). 
                                                                                            Page H6195 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6177 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Steven W. Schenewerk, Com-munity Baptist Church, Winston, Oregon. 
                                                                                            Page H6177 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H6177, H6919 
Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act: The House passed H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 328.                                Pages H6179–91 
Rejected the Beatty motion to recommit bill to the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 180 yeas to 219 nays, Roll No. 327. 
                                                                                    Pages H6189–91 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment rec-ommended by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole.
                                               Page H6185 
Agreed to: Raskin amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that requires a record of any consultation with any non-Federal party and any comments sub-mitted by any non-Federal party to be posted on the agency website within five days after the consulta-tion or date of submission.
                           Pages H6187–88 
Rejected: Watson Coleman amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that sought to strike Section 5, which repeals the exclusion of independent agencies from reporting requirements; and
                     Page H6187 
Connolly amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that sought to provide for a sunset of amendments made to the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act and the Congressional Budget Act if GDP growth fails to increase at average annual rate of five percent or more.
                                                 Pages H6188–89 
H. Res. 985, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 50) and (H.R. 3281) was agreed to Wednesday, July 11th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY8.REC D13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D809 July 13, 2018 
at 12 noon on Monday, July 16th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H6191 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6190–91 and H6191. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:23 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6147, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Interior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Govern-ment Appropriations Act, 2019], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY8.REC D13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD810 July 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, July 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1099, E1100 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1100 Moulton, Seth, Mass., E1101 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1099 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1100 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E1101 Young, David, Iowa, E1099, E1099, E1099, E1100, E1100, E1100, E1101, E1101, E1101 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jul 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JY8.REC D13JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST