Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5651 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 2018 No. 107 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 26, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
LENN  T
HOMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
STOP POLLUTING TREASURE COAST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because it is the 24th day that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has inten-tionally discharged toxic water from Lake Okeechobee in Florida’s interior into the Treasure Coast of Florida, which is my community. Today, I have a group of warriors with me, the River Kidz. They are here in Washington fighting to show that what is happening in our community is not okay. It is not right, and it is not just. The River Kidz are a group of young people from the Treasure Coast of Flor-ida whose health and community have been threatened. While many kids across the country right now are gear-ing up to go to camp this summer or spending their days on a boat or at a beach or fishing, our kids are doing all that they can to avoid contact with our water because every single day our water is being made more and more toxic. As we speak, there is a toxic algae bloom over 100 miles in diameter laden with cyanobacteria. It is being drained into Florida’s east coast, and, in fact, as we speak, satellite imagery shows that nearly half of the entire lake of Lake Okeechobee is covered in algae. It is a threat to the health of every single man, woman, and child who is exposed to it. The toxic algae blooms are also dev-astating to threatened species like manatee who inhabit our waters but cannot escape from the water. The bil-lions of gallons of discharge that is evacuated from Lake Okeechobee into the coastal estuary wipes out our en-tire estuary of seagrass the way a wild-fire wipes out a forest, leaving no habi-tat for the rest of the sea life that is meant to exist there. Mr. Speaker, you might be won-dering: Why would anybody in Wash-ington care about this beyond to say for a few moments what a sad situation it really is? Washington needs to care. Washington needs to care because this is a situation that is created by the fact that Florida’s water system is functioning exactly the way that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers designed the system to function. In other words, this is happening on purpose. The Lake Okeechobee Regula-tion Schedule, which is what the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers uses to decide when and where water out of Lake Okeechobee will be discharged into places it does not belong, is designed to ‘‘share adversity.’’ Let me say that again. The Lake Okeechobee Regulation Schedule is de-signed to share adversity. Shared adversity means shared toxic water into a community that did not share at all in the polluting of the source of the toxic water. Mr. Speaker, let me explain this in a way that peo-ple here in Washington, people here in the Capitol, can relate to. It would be like if a Senator on the other half of this building flushed their toilet over there, and instead of send-ing that sewage into pipes that go un-derneath the street and into a water treatment plant, the Corps of Engi-neers set up a system here where they had a pipe that dumped the sewage onto the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. That is what shared ad-versity by the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers looks like. In the case of my community, it is not just a pipe, though. It is millions of gallons a minute that destroys our en-vironment, destroys our economy, de-stroys small businesses, and affects the health, as I said already, of every sin-gle man, woman, and child who comes in contact with the water, and it threatens our entire way of life. The Treasure Coast of Florida can no longer be forced to share adversity that they played no role in creating. The River Kidz, myself, and the entire Treasure Coast of Florida demand that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers stop immediately its willful pollution of our home that is done on behalf of others. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ELIZABETH BRACKETT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.000 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5652 June 26, 2018 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, perhaps now more than ever, we need to recog-nize the critical role a free press plays in our democracy and those who play that role so well. Today, I rise to honor the life and legacy of an award-winning journalist and dedicated public servant, Elizabeth Brackett, who died on June 17, fol-lowing a tragic accident. Her death is already being felt by her colleagues at WTTW, the entire Chicago journalism community, and all of the Illinois resi-dents who have relied on her reporting for unparalleled insight into the press-ing challenges that confront our Na-tion and our world. Working at four television stations spanning five decades, Elizabeth was an accomplished journalist and news pro-gram host who asked public officials questions that really matter. In the past, people have asked if I am afraid of a journalist who raises tough questions. The answer is no. I’m afraid of a journalist who asks the wrong questions, who doesn’t know what questions to ask. Elizabeth was a journalist’s jour-nalist who knew not only what to ask, but how and why. Her thoughtful, smart, and incredibly well-researched approach made us all better at our jobs. After retiring from her full-time po-sition at ‘‘Chicago Tonight’’ in 2014, Elizabeth continued to contribute to the network primarily on environ-mental topics, such as the health of the lakes in which she frequently swam. In particular, I remember one of the most recent interviews in 2017 when she asked me about efforts to keep Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. It was Elizabeth who asked me about the environmental impacts in such detail and accuracy, providing viewers, lis-teners, and readers alike with an in- depth understanding of the invasive species, a critical issue for our Great Lakes. ‘‘Resourceful’’ and ‘‘passionate’’ were two words often used to describe her. Carol Marin, Elizabeth’s colleague at ‘‘Chicago Tonight,’’ said it best: ‘‘Eliz-abeth was always going to be your competitor. She was out there to get the story, get it first, and get the story best. That is what made her so good at what she did.’’ In addition to journalism, her ambi-tion was, front and center, in her un-mistakable athleticism. She began competing in triathlons at the age of 50 and became a national champion in her age group. From beginning her broadcast career in 1977 as a researcher at WBBM-TV to becoming a weekend anchor and going on to win national Emmy and Peabody awards, Elizabeth was an institution. I extend my thoughts to her husband, Peter Martinez, and her entire family, including 10 grandchildren. She was a role model and a force for truth. We will all miss her expertise and energy both in and out of the news studio. CONGRATULATING DR. BILL LAWRENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to congratulate Dr. Bill Law-rence on his retirement after over 30 years as a principal in southwest Ala-bama. For the last 21 years, Dr. Lawrence worked as principal of Foley Elemen-tary School in Baldwin County. Prior to that, he served for 10 years at W. H. Council Traditional School in Mobile County. Being a principal is a tough job, but Dr. Lawrence thrived in the role throughout his career. He overcame many obstacles and always provided steady leadership for his students, teachers, faculty, and parents. I know that personally because I am one of those parents. Dr. Lawrence would always go above and beyond the job description. He said that one of his proudest accomplish-ments was starting the Turkey Take-out program to help provide families in poverty with a free Thanksgiving meal. On behalf of Alabama’s First Con-gressional District and the countless students positively impacted by Dr. Lawrence over his career, including my daughter, Laura, I want to wish him all the best upon his retirement. Foley Elementary School and public education in Alabama will not be the same without him. 
CONGRATULATING VICTOR HELMSING  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Victor Helmsing on his retirement after 35 years serving as a teacher at St. Paul’s Episcopal School in Mobile. Throughout his time at St. Paul’s, he held a range of teaching positions, in-cluding everything from senior govern-ment and economics to AP U.S. Gov-ernment and politics, to Western civili-zation. He also helped lead various extra-curricular programs, including the Key Club for 28 years, and serving as senior class sponsor for 35 straight years. He has also been a leader among his peers, serving as chair of various administra-tive committees. During various time periods, Victor served as associate headmaster, assist-ant headmaster, and director of the upper school, but his true passion has always rested in the classroom. I know every former student has their own story about something Victor Helmsing taught them or a way he had a lasting impact on their lives. That is just the type of teacher and leader he has always been. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Con-gressional District, I want to wish Vic-tor and his wife, Vaughan, all the best upon his retirement. His impact on St. Paul’s and his former students will be felt for years to come. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DR. JOSHUA FELDSTEIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Dr. Joshua Feldstein, president emeritus of Dela-ware Valley University, who passed away on June 19 at the age of 97. Born in Lithuania and raised in Belarus, Dr. Feldstein was the very em-bodiment of the American Dream. After fleeing Nazi persecution, Dr. Feldstein arrived in Bucks County, where he eventually received degrees in horticulture and agricultural me-chanics before earning a doctorate at Rutgers University. Dr. Feldstein’s legacy is one of diver-sity and expanding civil rights. In the 1960s, he played a significant role in the university’s admission of women, and upon taking the helm as president in 1975, he oversaw the expansion of women faculty members. More than anything, Dr. Feldstein was a man of kindness and good faith who relentlessly sought to open doors and brighten futures for the students who attended the school he cared so deeply about. I send my condolences to Dr. Feld-stein’s sons, Ted and Dan, along with the rest of his family and the entire DelVal community. May they take comfort in knowing his life was one ex-traordinarily well lived. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO 2018 GRADUATES OF BUCKS  
COUNTY TECHNICAL HIGH SCHOOL  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2018 grad-uates of Bucks County Technical High School, who graduated last week. Watched by over 1,000 family mem-bers and friends, the nearly 300 grad-uates walked across the aisle at the CURE Insurance Arena to receive their diplomas. I am proud to report that this im-pressive class earned approximately $1.2 million in scholarships, and 72 per-cent of the class is moving on to con-tinue their education. I would especially like to recognize the students who have decided to join the Armed Services, and I speak on be-half of all of us in Bucks County when I say we appreciate your dedication to service and passion for keeping Amer-ica safe. I also applaud Principal Robert Azar and Administrative Director Dr. Leon Poeske for their work in molding the minds of the next generation. I wish the 2018 graduates of Bucks County Technical High School and all of those who are graduating this year the best of luck in their next chapters. I encourage them to use their skills to strive to make our communities a bet-ter place. b1015 
RECOGNIZING IRENE MOLLOY  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.003 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5653 June 26, 2018 
Irene Molloy, for her artistic accom-plishments both in Hollywood and in our home of Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania. This week, Irene will begin a new path in her illustrious career, as she will make her debut as director of the Bucks County Center for Performing Arts’ rendition of ‘‘The Fantasticks.’’ This production of the 1960s musical will take place at Delaware Valley Uni-versity in Doylestown Township. A native of Chalfont and a graduate of Archbishop Wood Catholic High School, Irene had worked both on Broadway and in Los Angeles before founding the firm Radiant Bloom Pro-ductions. I applaud Irene for using her artistic talents to make Bucks County a more vibrant place. I would also like to recognize Howard Perloff of Carversville, the founder and artistic director of the Bucks County Center for the Performing Arts for his contributions to our community and those where he has produced a mul-titude of plays over a decades-long ca-reer. 
f 
SUPPORT AMIGOS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in fos-tering increased investment in the United States economy by one of our oldest allies, Portugal. As a co-chair of the Congressional Portuguese Caucus, I am proud to join Congressmen C
ICILLINE and V ALADAO in leading the AMIGOS Act, which we introduced ear-lier this spring. Earlier this month, Senators W
HITE-
HOUSE and H ATCH introduced the com-panion measure of the AMIGOS Act in the United States Senate. This bipar-tisan, bicameral legislation would make Portuguese citizens eligible for specific visas that allow them to enter the United States to conduct substan-tial trade or to invest a substantial amount of capital. We do this with other nations. This will spur invest-ment in our economy, and it helps cre-ate jobs. In 2015 alone, trade between Portugal and the United States reached $4.2 bil-lion, and it is only growing. The AMI-GOS Act will strengthen this recip-rocal economic relationship, one of our longest and strongest allies. Strengthening relationships that benefit both countries is the best way to grow the economy and to increase the number of jobs in the long term, not trade tariffs. We have extended these visas before. In 2012, Congress granted, most re-cently, eligibility to Israel. Our friendship with Portugal and the contributions of hardworking Por-tuguese immigrants in America are an important part of our country’s history and heritage. Portugal was one of the first countries to recognize the United States after we declared our independ-ence, and Portugal joined us in being a founding member of NATO. The AMIGOS Act is commonsense, bipartisan, and bicameral. It is the type of trade policy we should be lead-ing, not engaging in trade wars. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the AMIGOS Act and working together for strong and stable investment in America’s economy and American jobs. With bipartisan efforts in the House and in the Senate, these are the kinds of things that we can do, and I am hopeful that this legislation will be en-acted into law before the end of the year. IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Immigrant Heritage Month. At a time when heinous action is being taken in the name of securing our borders—and we must secure our borders—I stand here to call on every one of my colleagues in Washington, local leaders across the United States, and individual Americans and their families. I call on all of us to come to-gether and remember we are a Nation of immigrants, immigrants past and immigrants present. For more than 250 years, immigrants have made our country what it is today. Every generation of immigrants contributes new ideas, fresh energy, and vibrant culture to our Nation that makes up this mosaic web of an incred-ible place we call America. I grew up in California’s San Joaquin Valley, which I have the honor and privilege to represent. Our valley is a rich combination of people whose fami-lies have come from all over the world. It is part of this fabric, this mosaic, I talk about. They have made California and our Nation what it is today through hard work, family values, and lasting contributions in so many dif-ferent ways: the agriculture economy, businesses, education, and healthcare systems. Their story is our story. It is the story of achieving the American Dream. The American Dream lives on. It lives on in all of us. Last week, I met with a group of stu-dents from my district on the Capitol steps, many of whom are children from immigrant families. These young peo-ple came to Washington to learn about our government and how to make a dif-ference. They are our future leaders in the next generation who want to achieve this American Dream. At a time, Mr. Speaker, when chil-dren and Dreamers are being leveraged to ram shortsighted and ineffective im-migration reform through Congress, let us pause. Let’s step back. Let’s think about what our country stands for, our common bonds and our values. I call on all of us to come together to reflect that. Let us commemorate American Her-itage Month with something real. The Fourth of July is next week. We cele-brate our country. We come together in a patriotic fashion, remembering what has made America great. Part of what has made America great is generations of folks coming from all over the world, wanting to live this dream. We must reject that immigration policy being forced through the Con-gress, and we must come together to fix our broken immigration system with real, bipartisan reform that pro-vides long-term solutions while re-specting the dignity and humanity of all people who are part of this Amer-ican Dream. As we celebrate the Fourth of July next week, let us never forget that our common values and our bonds are far stronger than whatever differences we may have. 
f 
LAMPETER-STRASBURG SOFTBALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of the Lampeter-Strasburg High School women’s softball team located in Lan-caster County, Pennsylvania, that re-cently reached the pinnacle of its sport by winning the State championship. I am especially proud, Mr. Speaker, of this win because this is the school in my home school district where my family and I reside. The Lampeter-Strasburg Pioneers beat West Allegheny on Thursday, June 14, to claim its first-ever PIAA 5A softball State championship. After los-ing by a slim margin 2 years ago, the Pioneers overcame adversity and re-turned to the State finals this year to win 6–2. The team’s 14–3 win over Don-egal—which won last year’s 5A State championship title—in the Lancaster- Lebanon section 3 playoff is further evidence of its success during the postseason. I spoke to Coach Gene Charles last night by phone. He credited the victory to the team’s clutch hitting and key defensive stops later in the game. Coach Charles has coached at Lampeter-Strasburg for more than 20 years, building an extensive network of active alumni who frequently travel to games with his family. We are lucky to have leaders and mentors in our district like Coach Charles who inspire our student ath-letes to strive for success and to learn from failure. Junior Brynne Baker also pitched a noteworthy game, holding the opposing team to just one earned run. In her postgame interview, Baker said this was a huge win for the team, especially the graduating seniors, and a proud moment for the Lancaster-based com-munity. Congratulations to all the players, coaches, their families, and all those who made this championship for Lampeter-Strasburg possible. Your community is proud of you and will continue rooting for you season after season. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.005 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5654 June 26, 2018 
MASS TRANSIT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, there is a recent article in The New York Times about the Koch brothers and its stealth campaign to try to at-tack mass transit projects around the country. It was disturbing on several levels. First and foremost, it is misguided in terms of the economic impact. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that there is $4 of economic activity generated for every $1 that is invested in transit. It in-creases business sales, and it results in higher real estate values and jobs cre-ated. It is important to note that, right now, we have a road system that is heavily subsidized by the general fund. The road user charge has long since failed to pay for it. We have had to transfer $140 billion just to keep the failing Surface Transportation Pro-gram afloat. The Koch brothers argue, through their organization, that American cit-ies really don’t have the population density to support mass transit sys-tems. That is false. It is clear that there are some very dense systems serving Chicago and New York, but there are very successful programs in Phoenix and Houston with much lower density that are providing essential services. It is important to remember who gets that service, because transit is much less expensive for men and women to be able to have access to jobs and employ-ment. The average vehicle costs almost $10,000 a year to operate. In most fami-lies, it is the number two item in the family budget after housing. For many poor people, transportation is actually ahead of housing. Transit provides access to jobs, so that people don’t have to spend 42 hours a year trapped in traffic behind the wheel of a vehicle, as happens on average. The notion that somehow we are going to be forced to look at a lack of density, well, communities across the country in the metropolitan areas are getting more and more dense. They are attracting young people, retired peo-ple, and more economic activity in the 49 largest metropolitan areas around the country. In those areas, transit is the most cost effective and environ-mentally sensitive way of providing that service, to say nothing of the fact that we kill almost 40,000 people a year on our roadways. Transit is amazingly safe by comparison. One of the most disingenuous argu-ments is that transportation programs for mass transit are bad because they promote gentrification of our cities. Look at that argument for a moment. One of the things that is happening in cities across the country is that there is a new urban renaissance. Young millennials are moving back to the cit-ies. Those are the engines of the econ-omy. Aging baby boomers are finding it much more attractive to move into those urban cores than to be isolated out in the suburbs with a large-lot sub-division and forcing people to burn a gallon of gas to buy a gallon of milk. Those urban areas are our future. Not everybody is going to do it, but the ma-jority of people are. We ought to be in-vesting in transportation systems for our future, not undermining them by limiting investments to transportation of the past. We are in the process of a rapid revo-lution in transportation technology and people’s approaches. More and more young people, actually, are choosing not to buy a car, which sits idle about 22
1⁄2hours a day and is very expensive. They are instead choosing transit, ride-share, bike-share, and being able to have transportation when they need it—Lyft and Uber—without having an anchor of an individual car bearing down on them. Frankly, gentrification is a function of how we plan and develop our cities. That ought to be an invitation to think about how to do it better, as many cit-ies are doing now, not to undermine progress by assaulting transit. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it has been more than a year since the House of Representa-tives unanimously approved the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I am proud to see that, this week, the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee will consider ca-reer and technical education legisla-tion. It is welcome news that this im-portant topic will be examined by our congressional colleagues in the United States Senate. Career and technical education, or CTE, has helped count-less men and women acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to com-pete in the workforce. By empowering State and local lead-ers, improving alignment with in-de-mand jobs, increasing transparency and accountability, and ensuring a lim-ited Federal role, we can modernize and strengthen career and technical education and help more individuals build successful and fulfilling careers. b1030 Career and technical education can help restore rungs on the ladder of op-portunity. All Americans deserve a good-paying, family-sustaining job, and they might just need some new skills to get one. America is still facing a widening skills gap that puts our workforce at a disadvantage to succeed in a 21st cen-tury economy. Today, there are an es-timated 6.7 million jobs that are open and available in the United States. While companies across the country have openings for high-paying jobs, and are anxious to hire, many workers lack the skills and adequate education need-ed to qualify and compete for these jobs, Mr. Speaker. We have also seen students pushed down the college-for-all pathway. That just doesn’t work for some students. There are many different pathways to success and life in this country. One of the biggest challenges facing career and technical education is the stigma associated with it. Through the years, we have seen wrongheaded claims that students involved in the trades lacked ambition. Those mis-placed assumptions are slowly sub-siding, but not soon enough. CTE has established itself as a path that many high-achieving students choose in pursuit of industry certifi-cations and hands-on skills they can use right out of high school, in skills- based education programs or in college. By modernizing the Federal invest-ment in career and technical education programs, we will be able to connect more educators with industry stake-holders and close the skills gap in this country. There are good jobs out there, but people need to be qualified to get them. I remain dedicated to working with my colleagues in the Senate on this ef-fort. All education is career education and every American deserves a fair shot at learning the right skills to ob-tain a good-paying job. 
f 
WARRIORS TO WASHINGTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize War-riors to Washington, a praiseworthy nonprofit organization from Erie Coun-ty, Pennsylvania. Founded in 2013, Warriors to Wash-ington was created to honor veterans from the northwest Pennsylvania re-gion who were deployed and served our Nation in the Armed Forces as a result of the attacks on 9/11 by taking them to historical and national sites in Washington, D.C. Warriors to Washington raises money to fund an annual trip to Washington, D.C., by which post-9/11 veterans are treated to an all-expense-paid experi-ence, which includes visits to Arling-ton National Cemetery, the Vietnam Memorial, the World War II Memorial, the Flight 93 Memorial Park, and many other sites of national significance. Warriors to Washington focuses on camaraderie and connection, while pro-viding all attendees with a rewarding experience. The founder and president of Warriors to Washington, Joe Pfadt, believes it is important to give this op-portunity to those who enlist and risk everything for our freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.006 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5655 June 26, 2018 
Joe Pfadt is a retired U.S. Army vet-eran himself, and has been invigorated by giving back to our most recent vet-erans. He stresses the significance of visiting our Nation’s Capital and see-ing the very documents that every service person swears to defend: the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. Each year, the Warriors to Wash-ington trip grows and evolves, continu-ously adapting to support the commu-nity and always striving to benefit as many veterans as possible. I am over-joyed to see members of my constitu-ency stepping up to empower our vet-erans, and I am pleased to recognize the Warriors to Washington organiza-tion, which I am proud to say was founded in my district. I ask my fellow colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in saluting the unwavering dedication of Warriors to Washington and all those who are involved in their admirable ef-forts to serve our veterans. 
f 
DECORUM AND CIVILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak a little about decorum and ci-vility. Here in Washington, D.C., we have a lack of it, it seems, and it is spreading all over. We are seeing it in the news. We are seeing a lot of it hap-pen right here in this building. Just a few days ago, an intern on the Senate side decided it would somehow be good or proper to make obscene comments as the President was walk-ing around in the building. That intern received only a slap on the wrist for doing so. We see it happening inside this Chamber in several ways. It is in some-thing as simple as the 1-minute speech-es we have in this Chamber each day. Members frequently blow through that time up to 80, 90 seconds before finally being gaveled down. House rules are supposed to mean something. Sometimes in those speech-es, even though they know it is against House rules, Members are disparaging individuals, calling them out by name, only to be gaveled after the speech is over with, instead of during, to stop that bad behavior. About 2 years ago in June, we even had a sit-in that occurred in this Chamber in a big part of this side of the room over here; a sit-in where bootleg videos were being sent out and C–SPAN broadcast them, outside of the House rules, because one particular group felt like their voice needed to be heard, even outside of the rules, in-stead of working within the process the American people sent us here to do. Very disappointing. Then, just last week, one of our Members decided that they wanted to play a tape recording that came alleg-edly from inside one of the detention centers along the border, outside of clear decorum of House rules. The Member was repeatedly told it was out-side the rules. Yet that recording went on for at least 31⁄2minutes, dis-respecting this institution, dis-respecting what the people sent us here to do. We need to have enforcement of these rules. They need to be stronger. We need to empower the Speaker and the Chair to enforce the rules. When it is time, shut off the mike. It goes against the grain of what the American people sent us here for in the over 200 years of this institution. Outside of this room we have Mem-bers of this body actually publicly call-ing for intimidation and harassment of fellow workers in government, whether it is in the Cabinet or fellow Members of this body. What have we come to as a country when that behavior is called for by elected Members of this body? What have we come to? We have seen it on the streets after the election and after the inauguration of this President, with Antifa and other groups claiming to be the voice of, I don’t know who. Certainly, it isn’t the voice of the people, hiding behind masks, hiding their identity, and caus-ing wanton destruction. When words like this come from peo-ple elected as a part of this body, that just fuels the fire, not only for bad be-havior and disrespect for people who are doing their jobs, maybe with a dif-ferent opinion from others, but respect-fully doing their jobs; harassing them in restaurants or in markets, at the gas station, or wherever it is going to be; it is completely out of line. I do not know where we are going as a country when our elected officials are calling for that kind of bad behavior. So what are we going to do about it? A lot of what drives this is what the people think, when the people demand that their elected leaders ratchet up their behavior to be just a little bit better. You don’t have an institution here when there are no rules, no order, no function. Instead, you have chaos. You can’t get anything done around here, or anywhere else—even something as simple as a board game—if people are not following the rules. All that breeds is more misbehavior and more rule breaking. There are a lot of people across this country who feel like that with the government out of control, legislation out of control, rules are for suckers. Why should they play when no one else is; when our borders aren’t enforced; when laws on the books aren’t en-forced; and they see people being given rewards, whether the benefits of citi-zenship or just as simple as running this House Chamber. It is very discour-aging and disappointing to the Amer-ican public. This institution is a much older and much more hallowed place than any one of us will ever walk through for whatever time we are bestowed the op-portunity to serve people in our respec-tive districts 2 years at a time. So it is high time that we have the rules in place, and that they are en-forced, but also to look inwardly at ourselves as Members of this body to uphold the rules, the integrity of this institution. 
f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, Friday marked 6 months since the tax reform bill was signed into law. Since that time, we have seen increased pay-checks, greater investment, and new job opportunities across the country. My colleagues and I on the House Ways and Means Committee talked about how best to overhaul our Tax Code. Our goal was always the same: to get our economy booming again. In Washington State, where I am from, we are already seeing this boom and the positive impacts of tax reform: employee bonuses, savings on utilities, increased wages, and 401(k) matches. They are people like a young woman in Seattle, for example, who was able to afford a new car, thanks to some extra money in her paycheck each month; or, the mother from Woodinville, Washington, who has been helping her son, daughter-in-law, and grandchild make ends meet while they were living paycheck to paycheck. With tax reform, her son is now taking home more money, which helps them provide for their family much easier. Tax reform is not only resulting in more take-home pay, but it is making a difference in the workplace, too. Companies are creating new retail and manufacturing jobs and increasing wages and benefits. The Boeing Com-pany is increasing investments in workforce development, facilities and infrastructure improvements for em-ployees, and charitable giving. But it is not just the employees of big companies who are seeing the bene-fits. Our local, family-owned businesses are seeing lots of good come from this new Tax Code. Another example is a delivery driver from Kent, Washington, who works for one of these small, local companies. He shared that just 2 weeks after the tax reform bill passed, his boss gave every-one in that company a raise. These are encouraging stories from real people living real lives across Washington State. They are hard-working people who see substantial benefits, thanks to tax reform. 
RESPECT AND LOVE YOUR NEIGHBOR  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to change topics just for a moment, if I can, and address an issue that is in-vading all across the country and our communities. I was in law enforcement for 33 years before I came to Congress, and my job 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.008 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5656 June 26, 2018 
was to keep people safe and bring peo-ple together. I see that as my job here in Congress. This is my 14th and last year. I am not running for re-election. Some people in this body call them-selves leaders. A title does not make you a leader, Mr. Speaker. It is the ac-tions that make you a leader. I believe that true leaders lead from the heart. I believe that leaders have the heart of a servant. I believe that when I got elect-ed to this office, my job was to serve the people of the Eighth District of Washington and to put their needs be-fore my needs. Mr. K
ELLY here and I are friends. He comes to work every day putting my needs before his. I do the same. We formed a friendship, a bond, and we want to be honest with each other. Honesty is okay. But honesty is a mo-ment in time. We need integrity and consistent honesty. Servanthood and integrity is what this country should be built upon, that is what leaders are, not calling for each one of us to say, you are not welcome here anytime, anyplace, anywhere. That is not leadership. That is division. Leadership, heart of the servant, in-tegrity. That creates a team that we all want to be a part of. That gives this country the opportunity to be the lead-er of the world. You can each do that across this country, Mr. Speaker—we can all do that—by being leaders in our community. Beginning in the White House. Beginning from that Oval Of-fice, speak with civility. Beginning here in Congress, speak with civility. If you are a member of a State legisla-ture, speak with civility. Serve with the heart of a servant. Mr. Speaker, it is simple: respect and love your neighbor. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is a violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
PROCEEDINGS OF FORMER MEMBERS PROGRAM The following proceedings were held before the House convened for morn-ing-hour debate: 
UNITED STATES ASSOCIATION OF FORMER MEM -
BERS OF CONGRESS 2018 ANNUAL REPORT TO  
CONGRESS  
The meeting was called to order by the Honorable Martin Frost, vice presi-dent of the United States Association of Former Members of Congress Asso-ciation, at 8 a.m. PRAYER  
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord God of history, we thank You for this day when former Members re-turn to Congress, to continue in a less official manner their service to our Na-tion—and to this noble institution. May their presence here bring a mo-ment of pause, where current Members consider the profiles they now form for future generations of Americans. May all former Members be rewarded for their contributions to this constitu-tional Republic and continue to work and pray that the goodness and justice of this beloved country be proclaimed to the nations. Bless all former Members who have died since last year’s meeting, 17 in all. May their families and their constitu-ents be comforted during a time of mourning and forever know our grati-tude for the sacrifices made in service to the House. Finally, bless those here gathered, that they might bring joy and hope to the present age and supportive com-panionship to one another. Together, we call upon Your holy name now and forever. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE  
The Honorable Martin Frost led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. FROST. The Chair now recog-nizes the president of the U.S. Associa-tion of Former Members of Congress, the Honorable Cliff Stearns of Florida, to address the Members. Mr. STEARNS. Good morning, and thank you, Mr. Speaker, and thank you, Father Conroy, for that wonderful blessed prayer. It is a distinct pleasure to be here with you this morning, to be back in this revered Chamber and to see so many of my good friends and col-leagues. So on behalf of the former Members of Congress, I appreciate the Speaker’s invitation to return to this wonderful place and to present to the Congress the Former Members of Con-gress’ 48th annual report. I will be joined by some of my col-leagues in reporting on FMC’s activi-ties and vision for our future. I am also submitting for the R
ECORD a more de-tailed review of our activities for the year 2017. 
I. LEADERSHIP  President—Cliff Stearns (R–FL) Vice President—Martin Frost (D–TX) Secretary—Tim Petri (R–WI) Treasurer—Karen Thurman (D–FL) Immediate Past President—Barbara Ken-nelly (D–CT) 
II. BOARD MEMBERS  The Hon. Mary Bono (R–CA) The Hon. Jack Buechner (R–MO) The Hon. Ann Marie Buerkle (R–NY) The Hon. Bob Carr (D–MI) The Hon. Bob Clement (D–TN) The Hon. Jim Courter (R–NJ) The Hon. Jim Coyne (R–PA) The Hon. Byron Dorgan (D–ND) The Hon. Vic Fazio (D–CA) The Hon. Mike Ferguson (R–NJ) The Hon. Phil Gingrey (R–GA) The Hon. Dan Glickman (D–KS) The Hon. Bart Gordon (D–TN) The Hon. Lee Hamilton (D–IN) The Hon. Dennis Hertel (D–MI) The Hon. Steven Horsford (D–NV) The Hon. Jim Jones (D–OK) The Hon. Jim Kolbe (R–AZ) The Hon. Ken Kramer (R–CO) The Hon. Martin Lancaster (D–NC) The Hon. Larry LaRocco (D–ID) The Hon. Dan Maffei (D–NY) The Hon. Jim Matheson (D–UT) The Hon. Matthew McHugh (D–NY) The Hon. Jeff Miller (R–FL) The Hon. Jim Moran (D–VA) The Hon. Connie Morella (R–MD) The Hon. Randy Neugebauer (R–TX) The Hon. L.F. Payne (D–VA) The Hon. Nick Rahall (D–WV) The Hon. Ron Sarasin (R–CT) The Hon. Dick Schulze (R–PA) The Hon. David Skaggs (D–CO) The Hon. Jim Slattery (D–KS) The Hon. Olympia Snowe (R–ME) The Hon. Jim Walsh (R–NY) The Hon. Ed Whitfield (R–KY) The Hon. Albert Wynn (D–MD) III. STAFF  Peter M. Weichlein—Chief Executive Offi-cer Sabine Schleidt—Chief Operating Officer Sharon West Witiw—Director of Commu-nity Outreach Paul Kincaid—Director of Congressional Outreach Patrick Egenhofer—Program Manager Lorraine Harbison—Program Manager Alexis Terai—Senior Program Officer Dongwon Kim—Program Officer Kathy Hunter—Development and Member-ship Officer Alia Diamond—Communications Officer Alexa Etheredge—Fellow 
IV. PARTNERS  The Diplomatic Advisory Council (DAC) is an informal body of current Ambassadors posted in the nation’s capital and serves as a direct outreach to our strategic allies abroad. All of our programming benefits from the input, guidance, and participation we receive from the members of DAC. DAC Members H.E. Wolfgang Waldner, Ambassador of Austria H.E. Elfin Suleymanov, Ambassador of Azerbaijan H.E. Dirk Wouters, Ambassador of Belgium H.E. Tihomir Stoytchev, Ambassador of the Republic of Bulgaria H.E. Lars Gert Lose, Ambassador of the Kingdom of Denmark H.E. Francisco Borja Cevallos, Ambassador of Ecuador H.E. David O’Sullivan, European Union Ambassador H.E. Kirsti Kauppi, Ambassador of Finland H.E. Emily Haber, Ambassador Designate of the Federal Republic of Germany H.E. Geir H. Haarde, Ambassador of Ice-land H.E. Navtej Sarna, Ambassador of India H.E. Budi Bowoleksono, Ambassador of the Republic of Indonesia H.E. Shinsuke J. Sugiyama, Ambassador of Japan H.E. Cho Yoon-je, Ambassador of the Re-public of Korea H.E. Kurt Jaeger, Ambassador of the Prin-cipality of Liechtenstein 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.010 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5657 June 26, 2018 
H.E. Rolandas Krisˇcˇiu¯nas, Ambassador of the Republic of Lithuania H.E. Sylvie Lucas, Ambassador of Luxem-bourg H.E. Gero´nimo Gutie´rrez Ferna´ndez, Am- bassador of Mexico H.E. Maguy Maccario Doyle, Ambassador of the Principality of Monaco H.E. Henne Schuwer, Ambassador of the Kingdom of the Netherlands H.E. Tim Groser, Ambassador of New Zea-land H.E. Ka˚re R. Aas, Ambassador of the King-dom of Norway H.E. Hunaina Sultan al-Mughairy, Ambas-sador of the Sultanate of Oman H.E. Domingos Fezas Vital, Ambassador of Portugal H.E. George Cristian Maior, Ambassador of Romania H.E. Ashok Kumar Mirpuri, Ambassador of the Republic of Singapore H.E. Peter Kmec, Ambassador of the Slo-vak Republic H.E. Dr. Martin Dahinden, Ambassador of Switzerland H.E. Serdar Kılıc¸, Ambassador of the Re-public of Turkey H.E. Pham Quang Vinh, Ambassador of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Institutional Partners Democracy Fund German Marshall Fund of the United States Japan-US Friendship Commission Korea Foundation The Korea Society Sasakawa Peace Foundation USA William and Flora Hewlett Foundation 2017 Grantmaking & Program Partners American Bar Association—Division for Public Education Atlantik-Bru¨cke I Bridge Alliance Campaign for the Civic Mission of School Committee of 100 Congressional Federal Credit Union Council of American Ambassadors Envision Democracy Fund Embassy of Federal Republic of Germany Embassy of Japan Embassy of Switzerland Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung Friedrich-Naumann-Stiftung German Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology and the European Recovery Programme George Washington University Hanger Heinrich-Bo¨ll-Stiftung Hanns-Seidel-Stiftung Embassy of Japan Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung Legacy International Lou Frey Institute National Archives and Records Adminis-tration Northrop Grumman Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership Embassy of Switzerland Tee It Up for the Troops University of Maryland, College of Behav-ioral and Social Sciences University of Maryland VF Corporation War Fighters Sports USA William and Flora Hewlett Foundation ZEIT-Stiftung Ebelin and Gerd Bucerius 2017 Business Advisory Councils All Nippon Airways Co., Ltd. Allianz American Honda Motor Co., Inc. B. Braun Medical, Inc. Bank of Tokyo—Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. BASF Bayer Central Japan Railway Co. CJ America Daimler Deutsche Telekom Inc. DHL Evonik Corporation Fresenius Medical Care North America Fresenius SE Gale International Hitachi, Ltd. Hyundai Motor Company Itochu INTERNATIONAL Inc. Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) KAI America Inc. KITA Lockheed Martin Lufthansa German Airlines Marubeni Michelin NA Mitsubishi Corporation (Americas) Mitsubishi Heavy Industries America, Inc. Mitsui & Co. (U.S.A.), Inc. Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Nissan North America Nomura Panasonic Corporation of North America POSCO America RatnerPrestia Representative of German Industry and Trade Samsung Electronics North America Sojitz Toyota Motor North America, Inc. United Parcel Service Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. Sustaining Members The Hon. Brian Baird (D–WA) The Hon. Dan Benishek (R–MI) The Hon. Rich Boucher (D–VA) The Hon. Dave Camp (R–MI) The Hon. Ben Chandler (D–KY) The Hon. Charlie Dent (R–PA) The Hon. Sam Farr (D–CA) The Hon. Martin Frost (D–TX) The Hon. Phil Gingrey (R–GA) The Hon. Bart Gordon (D–TN) The Hon. John Kline (R–MN) The Hon. Jim Matheson (D–UT) The Hon. Jim McDermott (D–WA) The Hon. Mike McIntyre (D–NC) The Hon. Tim Murphy (R–PA) The Hon. Jeff Miller (R–FL) The Hon. Jim Moran (D–VA) The Hon. Randy Neugebauer (R–TX) The Hon. Tim Petri (R–WI) The Hon. Cliff Stearns (R–FL) The Hon. John Tanner (D–TN) 
V. EVENTS /PROGRAMS (2017 –2018) January 2017 Jan. 11—CSGG: Lunch discussion with Daimler leaders Jan. 12—CSGJ: Dinner with the Chairman and President of Sasakawa Peace Founda-tion Jan. 19—Former Members speak with stu-dents at Osgood Center Jan. 31—CSG: Democratic Co-Chairs dis-cussion: 115th Congress: Priorities for the Minority February 2017 Feb. 6—CSGJ: Ambassador Sasae welcomes the New Members of the 115th Congress Feb. 6—CSGG: Bilateral Discussion for AmCham delegation Feb. 16—Committee of 100 Panel: After the Pivot, What’s Next for US-Asia Relations? Feb. 18–25—CSGJ: Member Study Tour to Tokyo and Nagoya Feb. 22–24—Congress to Campus: Millersville University Feb. 26–28—Congress to Campus: Middle Tennessee State University Feb. 27—CSG: Dinner hosted by the Ambas-sador of South Korea March 2017 Mar. 5–7—Congress to Campus: United States Naval Academy Mar. 5–11—Congress to Campus: United Kingdom Mar. 8—Congress to Campus: Penn State University, Erie Mar. 15—Former members speak to the ABA National Civics and Law Academy stu-dents Mar. 16—Congress to Campus: University of Maryland Mar. 17—Former Members Speak to stu-dents at the Washington Center Mar. 17–23—CSGG: District Director Study Tour to Stuttgart, Germany Mar. 21—Former members speak with pro-fessors visiting from Japan Mar. 27–29—Congress to Campus: Cum-berland University Mar. 30—Former Members speak with Ko-rean business leaders Mar. 30—Congress to Campus Webinar Mar. 20—Annual Statesmanship Awards Dinner April 2017 Apr. 2–4—Congress to Campus: St. Bonaventure University Apr. 6—CSGG: Trade and Manufacturing in the Digital Age Apr. 13—Regional Meeting in Chicago, IL Apr. 25—CSG: Tax and trade in the 115th Congress Apr. 25—Former Members speak with the Emerging Young leaders program fellows Apr. 26—Former Members speak at UMD Civil Rights Symposium May 2017 May 1—Former Members roundtable with Legacy International Fellows May 2—CSGG: President Trump’s Trade Agenda discussion with AmCham May 3—CSGJ: Science and Technology conversation with Japanese Diet Members May 6–12—CSGG: Senior Congressional Staff Study Tour to Berlin and Dusseldorf, Germany. May 16–19—District Director Study Tour to Houston, TX May 16—Former Members meet with Bob Walker Fellows May 23—CSGG: German Minister of Eco-nomic Affairs and Energy Conversation May 27–June 3—34th Annual Congress-Bun-destag Seminar in Hamburg and Berlin, Ger-many May 27–June 3—CSGJ: Senior Congres-sional Staff Study Tour to Tokyo and Nagoya, Japan June 2017 June 1—National Archives Panel: Congres-sional Reform June 7—CSGG: Lufthansa chair and CEO Roundtable June 9–11—CSGJ: Retreat for Chief of Staffs of the new Members of the 114th and 115th Congress June 26—Former Members speak to middle school students visiting Washington D.C. July 2017 July 10—Former Members speak with mid-dle school students visiting D.C. July 11—14—District Director Study Tour to Boston, MA July 14—CSGJ: Conversation with Budget Committee from Japanese Diet July 14—FMC Regional Meeting in Boston, MA July 17—The Members: FMC’s 10th Annual Congressional Charity Golf Tournament July 17—Former Members speak with mid-dle school student visiting Washington D.C. July 18—ROK Roundtable: ‘‘Future of 
U.S.—Korea Relations’’ July 19—Former Members discussion ‘‘The State of U.S. Politics’’ One Year into the Trump Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.002 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5658 June 26, 2018 
July 20—CSGJ co-chairs speak with vis-iting Japanese Professors and the Chiefs who traveled to Japan July 20—Congressional Staffers speak with interns July 24—Former Members speak with mid-dle school students visiting Washington D.C. September 2017 Sept. 5—CSGE: Dinner hosted by Danish Ambassador Sept. 11—CSGG: Roundtable Discussion with Federation of German Industries Sept. 12–14—Congress to Campus Penn State University Sept. 25—Former Members speak at local high school Sept. 25—CSGJ: Dinner with Business Ad-visory Council Sept. 26—Former members on a panel dis-cussing effective lawmaking Sept. 26—Former Members host delegation of former EU parliamentarians Sept. 26—CSGG: Discussion featuring Am-bassador Wittig of Germany Sept. 27—FMC Annual Meeting Sept. 27–29—Congress to Campus: Millikin University Sept. 27—Memorial Service in Statuary Hall hosted by FMC/FMCA October 2017 Oct. 1–7—District Director Study Tour to Iceland October 5—DAC an evening with Ambas-sador of Finland Oct. 8–10—Congress to Campus: Indiana State University Oct. 11—Former Members Discussion with U.S. Embassy in Turkey Oct. 11—Mini Congress to Campus: Lu-theran College Washington Semester October 12—CSGG co-chairs meet with German visitors Oct. 14–18—CSGE: Member Study Tour to Geneva, Bern, and Zurich Switzerland Oct. 15–17—Congress to Campus: Rhode Is-land College Oct. 14–20—CSGG: Senior Congressional Staff Study Tour to Berlin and Frankfurt, Germany Oct. 14—Congress to Campus: United States Naval Academy Oct. 16—Former Member roundtable with North African Professional Fellows Oct. 26—CSGJ: Breakfast with Governor Omura of Aichi Prefecture Oct 22–24—Congress to Campus visit to the Naval Academy November 2017 Nov. 2—Breakfast Discussion with Com-mittee of 100: China, North Korea and Presi-dent Trump’s trip to Asia Nov. 5–11—Congress to Campus: United Kingdom Nov. 6—CSGJ: Dinner discussion with former Members ‘‘One Year After November 8, 2016’’ Nov. 7—An evening with former Members discussing NAFTA Nov. 16—National Archives Panel: Vietnam 50 years: Lessons Learned and Lessons Ig-nored’’ Nov. 29—DAC Dinner: The Future of NAFTA hosted by Mexico/Canada December 2017 Dec. 13—CSG: ‘‘The Future of NAFTA’’ Roundtable Discussion Dec. 14—Appreciation Reception for Friends of FMC hosted by H.E. Sylvie Lucas, Ambassador of Luxembourg to the U.S. January 2018 January 8—Dinner with Retiring Members of Congress January 11—Former Members speak to col-lege students visiting DC February 2018 Feb. 1—National Archives panel: Meet the Better Half: Congressional Families Feb. 5—Farewell Reception for Japanese Ambassador Feb. 6—Roll out Reception for the Congres-sional Study Group on Korea Feb. 11–13—Congress to Campus Denison University Feb. 11–13—Congress to Campus Millersville University Feb. 13—Dinner with Retiring Members of Congress Feb. 25–17—Congress to Campus: Hobart and William Smith Colleges Feb. 26–28—Congress to Campus: Suffolk Univ. Feb. 27—Coffee with Senator Cardin Feb. 27—Discussion: The rebalance of glob-al Energy after the Shale Revolution March 2018 March 4–10—Congress to Campus UK March 4–6—Congress to Campus Naval Academy March 13—Former Members speaking to 
high school students visiting DC March 13—Embassy Discussion: The Amer-ican Korean Relationship in a Dynamic Se-curity Environment March 19–21—Congress to Campus visit to Ohio State University March 21—Statesmanship Awards Dinner March 22—A conversation with former Members ‘‘Perspectives on US domestic poli-tics, US-Korea Trade and Security April 2018 April 2–4—Congress to Campus: Georgia College and State University April 5—Breakfast discussion with Michelin North America April 6–11—District Director Study Tour to Ireland/North Ireland April 13–19, 2018—District Director Study Tour to Germany Leipzig and Dresden, Ger-many April 15–17, 2018—FMC—Congress to Cam-pus—Bonaventure University April 17, 2018—CSGK: Breakfast with KITA chairman April 22–24, 2018—Congress to Campus: Napa Valley Community College April 24th—‘‘The 18 Midterms: U.S. Poli-tics in an Election Year’’ April 24th 10:30–11:30—Congress to Campus High School Webinar April 27th—Infrastructure in the 115th dis-cussion April 28–May 5, 2018—CSGK Member Study Tour May 2018 May 3, 2018—Fms Roundtable with visiting Russian delegation May 4, 2018: FMC—Legacy International Congressional Roundtable and tour May 10, 2018, 6:30 PM—SAC: Reception ‘‘An Evening with Ambassador Jha’’ May 15th 9:00–10:30AM—Meet with Bob Walker Fellows May 17th—CSGJ BAC: Prospects for the Midterm Election May 18—Panel discussion: unseen benefits of Congressional Travel May 20–21— District Director Symposium May 22—Panel discussion: Leaving the Iran Deal: Implications for the World May 23—C–100: Breakfast on Trade and Economic Relations May 26–June 2, 2018—6th Annual Senior Congressional Staff Study Tour to Japan June 2018 June 4—Dutch Senior Civil Service brief-ing with Former Members June 7—District Director Fly-in (Repub-lican) June 8–10—CSGJ Chief of Staff Retreat on Asia June 11–12—FMC/CSGJ—‘‘Bringing Wash-ington to New York’’ in cooperation with Mizuho June 12, 2018—Envision: Former Members meet with Middle School Students visiting D.C. on the House Floor June 13, 2018—FMC/C–100: China Breakfast June 14—Congressional Baseball Game June 14, 2018—Midterm Election Analysis— Democrats June 16–June 24, 2018—District Director Trip to Japan (with JUSFC) Tokyo, Sendai, and Fukushima, Japan June 19, 2018—Envision: Former Members meet with Middle School Students visiting D.C. on the House Floor June 20, 2018—NARA: Citizen Engagement in America’s History June 21, 2018—Midterm Election Analysis— Republicans 8:00–9:15 am June 25, 2018—Envision: Former Members meet with Middle School Students visiting D.C. on the House Floor June 25–26, 2018—Annual Meeting and FMC Board Meeting June 14, 2018—Midterm Election Analysis— Democrats June 21, 2018—Midterm Election Analysis— Republicans June 16–June 24, 2018—District Director Trip to Japan (with JUSFC) June 25—CSGK: Post US-DPRK Summit: Lessons Learned and Next Steps discussion with Dr. Victor D. Chao and Amb. Mark Lippert June 26, 2018—FMC/Envision: Former Mem-bers meet with Middle School Students vis-iting D.C. on the House Floor 
Mr. FROST. Now, I would like to ask the Clerk to call the roll. The Clerk called the roll and the fol-lowing former Members answered ‘‘present’’: Mr. Boustany of Louisiana Mr. Buechner of Missouri Mr. Carnahan of Missouri Mr. Clement of Tennessee Mr. Davis of Tennessee Mr. DioGuardi of New York Mr. Frost of Texas Mr. Gingrey of Georgia Mr. Hochbrueckner of New York Ms. Kennelly of Connecticut Mr. Konnyu of California Mr. Kramer of Colorado Mr. Moran of Virginia Mr. Murphy of Pennsylvania Mr. Nethercutt of Washington Mr. Neugebauer of Texas Mr. Payne of Virginia Mr. Rahall of West Virginia Mr. Stearns of Florida Mr. Walsh of New York Mr. Weller of Illinois Mr. FROST. The Chair announces that 21 former Members of Congress have responded to their names. Mr. STEARNS. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and thanks again to all of you for joining us this wonderful morning. As I prepared for today’s report, it has brought back many happy memo-ries, as I am sure it does for you, too. I served in Congress 24 years. One image I keep honing in on is the image you currently have as you are looking at me: the quote by Daniel Webster inscribed directly behind the Speaker’s chair: ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, pro-mote all its greatest interests, and see whether we also, in our day and gen-eration, may not perform something worthy to be remembered.’’ For all of us, service in this remark-able building was the pinnacle of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Sep 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H26JN8.REC H26JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5659 June 26, 2018 
professional lives, and I know that for each and every one of us, there is a memory of something ‘‘worthy to be remembered.’’ Whether it was a groundbreaking piece of legislation or simply a constituent and how we changed their life by helping them, by serving in Congress, we were given the opportunity to serve our country and its citizens. I am very proud that, through the former Members of Congress, we can continue, in a small but yet larger measure, the public service that brought us to Congress in the first place. It is, therefore, a great honor in my capacity as president to report on the former Members of Congress’ ac-tivities for 2017 and 2018. We are a very small group of non-profits that have a congressional char-ter, and as such, we are required to re-port to Congress every year on our past activities. I will give a broad review of our past work and will submit for the R
ECORD a more detailed written report. Our association was founded in 1970 and chartered by Congress 13 years later, in 1983. We are completely bipar-tisan and see our mission as informing about Congress and bridging the polit-ical divide. That mission has trans-lated into programs that bring former Members together with student audi-ences across this country, focussing on civics and public service. We also fur-ther our mission by creating programs and study missions involving current Members of Congress on a bipartisan basis. This work over the years has been ex-tended to now also include congres-sional staff, both from the D.C. offices as well as the district directors across the Nation. We are successful because Republicans and Democrats, whether former Members or current Members, come together in a bipartisan way with a willingness to work together for the common good. We are proud to have been chartered by Congress, and we are equally proud that absolutely no taxpayer dollar is earmarked or expended to make our programs possible. Everything FMC does is financed through grants and sponsorship, our membership dues, and, of course, our annual fundraising gala, the Statesmanship Awards Dinner. Our colleague Martin Frost, sitting behind me in the Speaker’s chair, led our fundraising efforts for the most re-cent gala dinner at the Mellon Audito-rium, and I am extremely pleased to re-port that, thanks to Martin’s leader-ship and the incredible efforts of a great many former Members, we had our most successful fundraising dinner by far last March. We surpassed our previous year’s record by $200,000. So, thank you, Martin, for being the captain of our fundraising effort. My colleagues, thanks to his success as well as our 4-year fundraising ef-forts, I can report to Congress and the FMC membership that our finances are very sound, our projects are fully fund-ed, and our most recent annual audit by our outside accountant confirmed we are running FMC in a fiscally sound, responsible, and transparent manner. And let me stress again that no tax-payer dollars are earmarked for our work, and everything that we do is self-funded. Let me stress, also, that none of our programs involve any kind of hono-rarium or fee paid to former Members for their participation. We are success-ful because former Representatives and Senators come together, across party lines, for the good of our organization, and they do so in a pro bono basis. They believe in our mission, and they continue to have the public servant’s heart. Former Members of Congress, in 2017, donated to FMC over 7,000 hours of en-ergy, wisdom, mentoring, and expertise without receiving any compensation for it. Their only remuneration is the knowledge that they are giving back, that serving in Congress was a unique privilege, and that it comes with the mandate to encourage and empower the next generation. So on behalf of FMC, I want to thank all of our colleagues who have contrib-uted their time and expertise to make FMC such a great success. Thank you very much. We are extremely proud of our nearly 50-year history creating lasting and impactful programs that teach about Congress and representative govern-ment at home and abroad. Let me now give you a brief overview of 2017 and also a vision of 2018 and be-yond. In 2017 and 2018, FMC staff has con-ceived, organized, advertised, and im-plemented an astonishing 85 events to move our mission forward. These ranged from meeting with middle school students right here in the House Chamber to talk to them about the many responsibilities of Members of Congress, to week-long study missions where current Member delegations, split evenly between the parties, trav-eled to countries including Germany, Japan, and Korea, to study issues on trade and security. Our programming has included hun-dreds of current Members, former Members, senior congressional staff, and district directors. They work with us because they know we are com-pletely bipartisan, 100 percent non-advocacy, and we seek to tell the posi-tive story of our extraordinary rep-resentative democracy. Allow me to share with you some highlights of our work. You will hear more details about our congressional study groups in a second, but for 2017, we are proudest of the cre-ation of our newest study group: the Congressional Study Group on Korea. It shows how timely and right-from- the-headlines our work is. The Korea program was conceived in 2017 and supported by a number of Cap-itol Hill events to gauge its relevancy. Then, in February of this year, we felt the time was right to officially launch this newest study group. We have al-ready sent to Korea a codel under the study group’s umbrella. The Korea program now joins our other longstanding international projects: the Congressional Study Group on Germany, the Congressional Study Group on Japan, and the Con-gressional Study Group on Europe. In addition to numerous Capitol Hill events, over the past 12 months, we have sent seven congressional delega-tions overseas, some for current Mem-bers, others for chiefs of staff, and a number for just the district directors— and, of course, all bipartisan. The purpose of these trips is to edu-cate our participants on specific issues affecting U.S. international relations, mostly trade and security questions. An important side effect is the possi-bility of building across-the-aisle rela-tionships to create a network of peers that transcends party labels and par-tisanship. All of these trips, of course, go through the rigorous process of the ethics review, and we ensure 100 per-cent compliance with all regulations governing travel by Members or staff. These international projects are just one component of our work to create bipartisan relationships and to strengthen our representative democ-racy. Domestically, the main focus of our work is connecting citizens with their government, highlighting the re-sponsibilities of citizenship, and dispel-ling many of the myths that are out there when it comes to the United States Congress. First and foremost, we are incredibly proud of our Congress to Campus Pro-gram. Now, for over 30 years, we have sent a bipartisan team of former Mem-bers to meet with university students across this country. These are not sim-ple meet-and-greet events where the Members drop in for a quick speech with some questions and answers. In-stead, these visits are a 3-day commit-ment by our former Members team so that the university can make the best possible use of FMC as a resource. We now average about 30 visits during the academic year, which is incredible, given that as recently as 15 years ago, we averaged only 5. As I have said during previous meet-ings, the Congress to Campus Program was near extinct until our colleague David Skaggs gave it some much, much-needed leadership. We work hand in glove with each uni-versity so that each visit is tailored specifically to the school’s needs and curriculum. Our colleagues walk into different classroom settings through-out the day, sometimes engaging in discussions about U.S. foreign policy, at other times focussing on questions such as money in politics. The outcome of each Congress to Campus visit is twofold: one, to show-case a partisan, yet respectful debate on the issues of day; and to encourage the next generation a respect for public service that may translate into future work on Capitol Hill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.013 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5660 June 26, 2018 
We have reached thousands upon thousands of students through our own polling, and our own polling can dem-onstrate that we are making a positive difference when it comes to attitudes about Congress and our elected offi-cials. You will hear more about this and our other civic education activities and initiatives when I yield to our col-league George Nethercutt in just a short while. Our work to reconnect citizens with their government takes many different forms. For example, we have a long-standing partnership with the National Archives, bringing former Members of Congress and other issue experts to-gether with the public for a conversa-tion about issues that affect all of us. For example, just last week, we hosted a conversation about citizen en-gagement, where a panel included Dele-gate E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON speak-ing about her engagement in the civil rights movement, as well as Sarah Lerner and Rain Valladares from Mar-jory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Former Members Jane Harman and Tim Petri were joined by Congressman T
EDDEUTCH to give their insights how grassroots movements affect those serving all of us in Congress. What I have described so far is just a small part of the work we have done on our membership’s behalf. And while programs such as Congress to Campus or the Congressional Study Group on Germany are longstanding under-takings that we have offered to the public for decades, they, along with our other existing projects, all were infused with a new energy, a new vision and enthusiasm, thanks to the extensive strategic planning process I briefed you on last year. Let me thank Mark Sobol, a highly respected expert in the field of stra-tegic planning and organization man-agement, who donated to us completely free of charge his tremendous expertise to help us achieve the next level in pro-fessionalism and impact. He helped us craft an extremely thoughtful and vi-sionary strategic plan, which the FMC board approved a little over a year ago. Since then, the effect of this incredibly important exercise can be felt in all as-pects of our organization today. We, our board of directors, and the exceptional FMC staff have made great strides in implementing this plan, for example, when it comes to branding FMC as a unique authority on Con-gress, unparalleled in our experience and expertise. We now have a much more focused media strategy. We have unified our current Member program-ming with our former Member pro-gramming under one logo and one rec-ognizable brand and are much better at pushing out our message of bipartisan-ship using social media, for example. I am also more than pleased to report to you that a brand new website show-casing our new logo and new look will go live on July Fourth. This has been a major focus of mine during my 2 years as FMC’s president, and I am simply gratified and thrilled that through a lot of hard work it is coming to fru-ition with the new website, which will reflect much more accurately the vi-brant and impactful organization that we have become. I am very excited about the future of this organization, obviously. My 2 years as president have been incredibly rewarding, and I look forward to sup-porting my good friend Martin Frost as his term of presidency begins. Our bylaws add the immediate past president to the executive committee, so that there is a continuity from one president to the next. So it will be great fun to transition into that role, plus it will free up my calendar a little bit. As Martin will soon discover, being FMC President is akin to a second full- time job. As I look at FMC’s future, some very exciting initiatives stand out. We have begun finding ways to take FMC out of the D.C. bubble in an effort to serve a larger constituency and also to have more impact with parts of the country that may feel disconnected from this representative government. In the future, we will increase this ef-fort by working much more closely with former Members all over the country. This will involve regional meetings such as the ones we hosted last year in Boston and Chicago, and this year in Orlando and New York. In addition, we include in these re-gional activities the greater congres-sional family, which means that when we gather former Members in one part of the country, we will strive to in-clude the district directors of the local Representatives or Senators, as well as local NGO’s focused on our govern-ment, and local civic organizations. We expand our regional footprint by translating Congress to Campus to other audiences, including high school and middle school kids, as well as cor-porate headquarters or international organizations. For 2018 and beyond, we will build up our newest domestic program, the American Democracy in Civics Initia-tive. We are deeply concerned about the state of civic education in this country, and we strongly believe that FMC needs to take a leadership role in bringing civic education to the next generation of America’s leaders. This initiative will serve as the um-brella under which existing programs, such as Congress to Campus or our Na-tional Archives panels, will be joined by new projects, for example, The Leg-acy Program, which will interview re-tiring Members of Congress to create an oral history of all those who have served in the House and the Senate. Just adding up the years of experi-ence of these current Members who have announced their retirement or have lost their primaries leading up to the 2018 midterms, we are faced with over 1,000 years of combined institu-tional knowledge walking out the door. FMC sees it as a major responsibility to future generations that this knowl-edge is recorded and properly archived. We will also increase our use of mod-ern technology to better communicate our message and to find ways to engage the next generation that clearly has a very different understanding of where they get their information and how they communicate with each other. To do so, we will initiate a podcast series in 2019 where former Members can speak on a specific issue of the day, but also share some of their very unique in-sights when it comes to just simply serving in Congress. In addition, through webcasting, we will reach out to the vast audience of college students we have engaged via our Congress to Campus Program so that a visit by our bipartisan team has continued effect. So as you can see, my colleagues, the future for FMC is incredibly bright. We are energized, and we are having tre-mendous success for three reasons. One I have already mentioned, which is the outstanding work our board and staff has done with Mark Sobol to solidify our mission, spell out our achievable goals, and strategize on how to best move FMC forward. The second reason is our amazing group of partners. These are the cor-porations that donate to us, especially via the Statesmanship Awards Dinner, because they believe in our purpose and recognize the positive impact we are having. These partners also include outstanding grant-giving entities: the Sasakawa Peace Foundation, the Ger-man Marshall Fund, the Hewlett Foun-dation’s Madison Initiative, the De-mocracy Fund, the Japan-U.S. Friend-ship Commission, the Korea Founda-tion, and the Korea Society, just to name a few. They believe in our capa-bilities and are giving us the oppor-tunity to grow and long-lasting pro-gramming. Obviously, we appreciate their support very much. The third and most important reason is you, my fellow Members, Members of Congress, former Members, who do-nated to us your time, your expertise, your wisdom, and your leadership, and as I mentioned earlier, over 7,000 hours of combined former Members’ time do-nated pro bono by our membership. I thank all of you for that. I have to warn you, our demand on your time and good will is only in-creasing. As we all know, there are many challenges our Nation faces, and FMC can play a pivotal role in bringing folks together for these challenges. This Nation’s strength has always been found in its ability to unite and move the country forward for the greater good. FMC, like no other organization, can build a bridge between Democrats and Republicans, build bridges between those being represented and those doing the representing, and build bridges between one generation of pub-lic servants and the next. To do so will require more and more of your commit-ment to our work, and I am sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.014 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5661 June 26, 2018 
former Members of Congress will rise to the challenge. In addition, in anticipation of your support, I thank you from the bottom of my heart as I pass the mantle to our new president, Martin Frost. Before getting to the business of electing our new officers and board Members, I do want to recognize two of my colleagues to give you just a little bit more detail about our domestic and international programs. I first invite George Nethercutt of Washington to focus on FMC’s civic education work. He will be followed by Charles Boustany of Louisiana to speak about our international pro-grams. Mr. NETHERCUTT. Mr. Speaker, former colleagues, ladies and gentle-men, I want to thank you, Cliff, for the opportunity to make some remarks on a topic that is incredibly important and is near and dear to my heart: our Nation’s woeful attitude toward civic education. FMC, its board, and its staff are as concerned as I am when it comes to the civic knowledge—or, more specifically, the lack of civic knowledge—that is ex-hibited by many of our fellow citizens, particularly the young. We as an orga-nization have made restoring civic edu-cation one of the cornerstones of our mission and strategic plan. I am, there-fore, honored to be back in this Cham-ber representing FMC in describing our new initiative to restore and renew the essential civic mission of our Nation’s schools. Civic education, simply defined, is the act of providing the essential civic knowledge of how our system of gov-ernment operates at all levels and the critical role all citizens play in our representative democracy. Civic education provides our youth with the civic skills they need to effec-tively engage in civic affairs and civic education to help youth develop a dis-position to participate in the civic life of our communities, their State, and our Nation. This is the historic civic mission of our Nation’s schools, a mis-sion nearly as old as our Republic. How well are we as a nation meeting this critical mission? By any objective measure, not well. If I were to grade us as a nation in meeting this important task, I would have to give us a C-minus or a D. On the only reliable national meas-ure of student attainment of civic knowledge, the National Assessments of Educational Progress in civics, NAEP, scores have been flat for 20 years, with barely a quarter of stu-dents able to show a proficient knowl-edge in this area so critical to our Na-tion’s future. An overemphasis on the STEM sub-jects over the past two decades has sig-nificantly reduced the instructional time for civics in almost every school. Where most States used to require two to three distinct civics courses, today, most only mandate one, and nine States don’t have any requirements that students take a civics course to graduate from high school. In the elementary grades, instruction in the entirety of the social studies has been reduced to a paltry 18 minutes, a week on average. That is not enough. The results of this neglect of civic education are stark: Nearly two-thirds of Americans can-not name all three branches of govern-ment, yet three in four people can name the names of all Three Stooges. Only about 29 percent of eligible Americans participated in the 2016 pri-mary elections. Americans distrust the government at record levels, and they also distrust their fellow citizens to participate in governance. According to The Pew Re-search Center: ‘‘Just 34 percent say they have ‘very great’ or a ‘good deal’ of trust and confidence in the political wisdom of the American people. Fully, 63 percent have ‘not very much’ con-fidence or ‘no confidence at all.’’’ That is also a bad statistic. And most alarming, in a 2016 survey, nearly a quarter of young Americans said they think that a democratic form of government is bad or very bad. That is also a terrible statistic. These are among the many reasons FMC has partnered with the Lou Frey Institute of Politics and Government at the University of Central Florida— and Doug Dobson is here—and the Campaign for the Civic Mission of Schools—Ted McConnell is here, and they both head up these efforts—to strengthen and improve civic education for all students in every school in the Nation. Yesterday, I had the pleasure of mod-erating a panel focused on civics during the FMC’s annual meeting. Many of you were in attendance, and I thank you for participating in this incredibly important dialogue. We brought to-gether some of the leaders in this space, all of whom represent out-standing organizations with which FMC seeks to partner as we engage former Members for our civics cause. One of the things we certainly learned during the panel discussion is that today’s definition of civic edu-cation is no longer the one our grand-parents or our parents used. We need to think about civics in broader terms and include in civics education ways to find fact-based information, ways to discern fact from fiction, fake news from real news, and also ways to have productive and respectful debates on the issues that concern all of us—civil-ity, if you will. I want to thank our outstanding pan-elists for their insight and thought- provoking analysis. The panel included Beth Caron of the National Governors Association; Louise Dube, who is the executive director of iCivics, Justice O’Connor’s organization, former Su-preme Court Justice O’Connor; from the Library of Congress, we had Col-leen Shogan, who is doing fascinating research on Congress and social media; and my old friend, my dear friend, Ted McConnell, who has spent much of his professional life fighting the good fight when it comes to restoring civic edu-cation across the Nation. Thanks, Ted. As I said earlier, FMC seeks to play a crucial leadership role when it comes to strengthening civic education in the United States. We already have a long and proud track record of connecting the next generation with their rep-resentative democracy through our wonderful Congress to Campus pro-gram. It is a great program. Our bipar-tisan teams reach thousands of stu-dents throughout the year, and stu-dents is the place where civic edu-cation can best be found and empha-sized. But this work has proven to be not enough. FMC needs to double, if not triple, its efforts on this issue, and we need former Members in all parts of the Nation representing all different polit-ical persuasions to step up to the plate and lend us their time, their expertise, and their leadership. FMC has commenced the American Democracy and Civics Initiative, which will continue to build upon the success of Congress to Campus and expand that model to other audiences, both student and adult. In addition, through this program, we will host Capitol Hill events to engage current Members on this issue and also to send to different parts of the country bipartisan con-gressional delegations which will meet with a wide variety of voter groups. This will be a combined former Mem-ber and current Member effort, and I thank Representatives J
OEKENNEDY  from Massachusetts and R
ODNEY DAVIS from Illinois for agreeing to co-chair this project here in the House. Our vision also includes creating an ongoing program that will bring civics teachers from across the country to Washington, D.C., for a total immer-sion experience to learn about Congress and its role vis-a-vis the judiciary and the executive branches. And most im-portantly, we are actively recruiting former Members from both parties to take a leadership role in their commu-nities and States, to work with local NGOs that need their help, and to be a resource to State legislatures as they seek to strengthen their civic edu-cation requirements. It is incredibly important. That is why we had the Na-tional Governors Association there yesterday to talk about this effort. Former Members of Congress can play a significant role in restoring the essential civic mission of our schools. Former Congressman Lou Frey and former Senator Bob Graham teamed up to pass legislation in Florida that is revolutionizing middle school civics and serves as a model for all the States thanks to Doug Dobson. These are strong campaigns for more and better civics in a number of States. Former Members can and are engaging in these efforts, lending their expertise, con-tacts that they have, and time. In States where there is currently no active effort to improve civic edu-cation, former Members can start one— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5662 June 26, 2018 
that is up to you all—working with civic education and civic engagement organizations. Former Members can and should visit schools to offer real- life civics lessons to students. These students rely on former Members. They have a great reputation, and the former Members can provide assistance to these students. Former Members can help teachers better understand the legislative proc-ess, too, so they can teach about the legislative branch with more con-fidence. Former Members can use their ‘‘bully pulpit’’ to issue public calls for more and better civic learning through op-eds and interviews. I have done it. It is easy to do. Papers will accept your submissions. Following this presentation, we will be having a reception where leaders from the Lou Frey Institute and the Campaign for the Civic Mission of Schools, Doug Dobson and Ted McCon-nell, will be on hand to provide more information on how former Members can get engaged in their States. I hope that all of you will join us for this reception, learn more about the productive role that former Members can play, and sign up for the cause. We all remember Benjamin Frank-lin’s charge to each generation at the close of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. He said to a woman who asked him: Mr. Franklin, what have you cre-ated? He said: A democracy, Madam, if you can keep it. And it is up to all of us to keep this Republic. Providing effective civic edu-cation to each generation is an essen-tial part of keeping Dr. Franklin’s charge. We have to provide that. And so it is up to each of us to keep and renew and pass along this greatest ex-perience in self-governance in the his-tory of mankind. Please join us within this crusade. Cliff has asked me to yield some of my time to Charles Boustany from Louisiana to share with the member-ship an update on our international work, which I will gladly do. I thank you very much for your time and your attention, and I now yield the floor to Charles Boustany. Mr. BOUSTANY. Ladies and gentle-men, more than 40 years ago, our col-leagues, led by Lee Hamilton, realized that our organization offered a very unique resource to those who still serve our country in this Capitol, on this floor, and in the United States Senate. We could bring the institu-tional memory and the understanding of a Member of Congress regarding this country’s foreign policy decisions that would not be limited or beholden to the idea of focussing on the next election. That is the focus of our congressional study groups. Many of us have often heard the ex-pression, and I think it is attributed to Arthur Vandenberg, that ‘‘politics stops at the water’s edge.’’ Unfortu-nately, for too many who serve in Con-gress, interest and curiosity about our national policies and priorities also ends as the waters lap our shores. We have long felt protected by the oceans that define our hemisphere. For some Members, that has created the luxury of a focus solely on domestic policies. Information, real information, about our neighbors, our allies, and the billions who live outside our Nation comes from gut instinct or old beliefs. FMC decided, those many decades ago now, that this is not acceptable. We created the Congressional Study Group on Germany, which was followed by a group focused on Japan, then one on Europe, and finally, this past year, the Congressional Study Group on Korea, which was received with great fanfare. We sought to leverage the experience and networks created by former Mem-bers to provide a nonpartisan, non-advocacy resource for active Members and staff in Congress. Small, informal programs on Capitol Hill and travel op-portunities bring the realities of these countries, and our relationships with them as Americans, into relief. We also introduce Members and staff to their peers overseas. FMC understands that, more than anything, meeting face-to-face with our partners overseas to face global problems and having a person-to-per-son, legislator-to-legislator discussion can result in a solution to more of the challenges we face than any other fac-tor. The bottom line is it always comes down to personal relationships. I would like to share a little bit about what each of our congressional study groups have done this year and what we will do in coming months both to advance this mutual understanding and to advance the strategic goals of FMC. The Congressional Study Group on Germany is, of course, our oldest study group. This year, elections were held at a time when Germany became even more critical to a rapidly changing Eu-rope, and we heard a little bit about this yesterday. It was into this dynamic atmosphere that FMC sent several delegations in the past year. This year, travel focused on much of the northern and eastern portions of Germany. In October of 2017, bipartisan chiefs of staff from of-fices of the House traveled to Berlin and Frankfurt. Meeting with govern-ment officials, journalists, civil soci-ety, and students, they learned about the challenges facing modern Germany and the mutual challenges faced by the United States and Germany. In April of this year, the Congres-sional Study Group on Germany con-tinued outreach to a previously under-utilized part of the congressional fam-ily: district directors. A bipartisan group of district directors traveled with FMC to Berlin and Leipzig, learn-ing about lessons about workforce de-velopment revolutions sweeping through Germany that could have im-mediate impacts here in the United States. The past year, of course, was full of turmoil in the Pacific as well, result-ing in substantial Capitol Hill pro-gramming conducted by the Congres-sional Study Group on Japan. As con-cerned about China and the future of American trade in the region continued to mount, FMC hosted several bipar-tisan discussions on the TPP–11, tar-iffs, and other potential trade issues af-fecting the region. Ambassadors from both Canada and Mexico spoke at a dinner for Members of Congress about trade and the impor-tance of multilateral trade agree-ments. It was the first time that those two leaders had appeared together, speaking to Members, at a single event. Within the last month, more than a dozen chiefs of staff, district directors, and State directors from the House and Senate, on a bipartisan basis, traveled to Japan to meet with government offi-cials, including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s personal speechwriter. They had a unique opportunity to visit the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant, learning more about the cleanup that is occurring, and the gratitude felt by the Japanese in the region to-ward America’s response to this dis-aster. FMC continued the cornerstone for-eign travel program of the Study Group on Japan, sending our two co- chairs, Congresswoman D
IANA DEGETTE  and Congressman B
ILLY LONG, to Japan with a bipartisan delegation that met with Prime Minister Abe during the Korean Summer Olympics. Members discussed the Korean Peninsula and the continued focus on trans-Pacific trade before visiting American servicemen and -women at the Yokosuka Naval Base. Our engagement with Europe during that study group has also focused on some of the tremendous changes occur-ring on the continent and in the United Kingdom. As Brexit comes closer to re-ality and the swing toward rightwing politics continues its spread through-out both Eastern and Western Europe, the Study Group on Europe focused on ensuring the congressional family has a full understanding of the challenges facing our allies, Russia, and all the countries in the region. Six Members of Congress visited Switzerland toward the end of last year, meeting with the President of the Swiss Federation and touring several facilities in Switzerland that have cre-ated incredible job training programs, including Nestle, whose work with ap-prenticeships has become one of the gold standards in the industry. Our outreach to Europe has also con-tinued through the study groups’ Dip-lomatic Advisory Council, a group of more than three dozen Embassies and Ambassadors who have agreed to serve as a sounding board for FMC events, attend programming, and to open their doors to events hosted for the congres-sional family. That council has been expanded in the past year, and we will continue to work to make certain we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.017 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5663 June 26, 2018 
are engaging with as many nations as possible. Finally, the Congressional Study Group on Korea was launched this year, beginning with a very large re-ception on Capitol Hill attended by more than 100 staff and Members of Congress. That rollout was followed by the recruitment of more than two dozen Members of Congress and seven new members of the Business Advisory Council, whose members are anxious to support programming focused on the Korean Peninsula and its role in Asia. Earlier this year, a five-member team traveled to meet President Moon and to tour Korea production facilities. The members were the first American Government officials to travel to the region following the historic summit at Panmunjom between the leaders of North Korea and South Korea. In the coming weeks and months, we will focus on creating programming that targets not only the ‘‘news of the day’’ events, but on creating an under-standing of longer term issues that de-fine the relationship between the United States and our foreign allies. Mr. FROST. I would ask that the gentleman suspend for just a moment. I know he is near the end of his report. We have been joined by the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I don’t want to cut him off. Mr. FROST. He will come back. We have been joined by the Speaker of the House, Speaker R
YAN. I don’t know how busy your schedule is, Mr. Speaker. I know you have a lot of de-mands on your time. I will let Charles finish, and then we will call you up. Charles, go ahead. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, my good friend, welcome. Great to see you. As we work to highlight and empha-size the FMC brand, a far-reaching ef-fort on social media will better utilize the relationships we have developed on Capitol Hill, at Embassies, in the busi-ness communities, and in foreign na-tions alongside the efforts of our former Members. As with the rest of FMC, the future of the congressional study groups are strong and vibrant. I look forward to watching the incredible programming and travel opportunities that they pro-vide to continue the goal set by our Members and Lee Hamilton back in 1970, to truly create an effective, bipar-tisan avenue for impactful legislative and knowledge exchange between the congressional family and our friends and allies abroad. I appreciate the opportunity to make these remarks. It is my understanding that we have some membership busi-ness to accomplish, and, therefore, I will yield back to our president, Mr. Stearns from Florida. And again, Mr. Speaker, a real pleas-ure to see you again. Mr. FROST. Thank you, Charles. It is my privilege, at this point, to recognize the Speaker of the House, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), who will be joining the ranks of the former Members at the end of this year. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Why do you think I am smiling all time? I just wanted to come and say I am really excited about joining your fresh-man class next year with S
AMJOHNSON , T
OMROONEY , JEBHENSARLING , ILEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN . There is a number of us who will be joining the freshman class. This is my 20th year serving here. I have learned, 20 years with three teen-agers at home, sometimes you have just got to make the right decision for the right reasons, and I am very com-fortable with the decision I have made because I did it for the right reasons. And so I look forward to that next chapter. I look forward to reaching out to some of you, people I have known a long time, about how that next chapter looks. I just want to say one thing. You don’t take Bears fans; right? Because I don’t want to join any Chicago Bears fans in this thing. I see Jerry Weller over there. So we have got some pretty big rivalries that we have had throughout the years. You turn on the TV and you think it is nothing but a snake pit and it is nothing but just vitriol. We just passed about 70 opioid bills that we bundled together, massive bipartisan vote; WRRDA, massive bipartisan vote; FAA, massive bipartisan vote. So about 80 percent of what we do through here, we are running, on average, about 350 votes for. So, believe it or not, there is a lot that is getting done. We have passed about 800 bills, this session, of the House. It is a pretty big pace. That place over there has got about 550 of those bills stacked on top of them. Two hundred bills have re-ceived around 400 votes in the House. So we are pleased that they are stay-ing in August to kind of work on this list, but there are a great deal of things that we have been able to get out of here on big issues, whether it is de-fense, national security, veterans, basic health research, opioid epidemics, that really are bipartisan. And then we do have the partisan issues, whether it is tax policy or wel-fare reform on the farm bill. Those things are, more or less, partisan, but the place is working. That is the point I want to leave you with. The place is working, does work, and this new social media, cable TV ratings chase age we are in, it is a dif-ferent system. We are going to have to figure out how to navigate this system. We are going to have to figure out how to make sure the body politic in our Republic and our sense of civility still lasts and persists in this system. We are in this strange, unchartered terri-tory right now. So I look forward, frankly, to thinking about those issues and how to overcome those when I have a little time to think when I am out of here. But the one thing I do think former Members could be really helpful in is trying to figure out how do we still keep that sense of unity and civility with big differences of philosophical and idealogical opinions while moving the country forward. That is something we are all going to have to think about in this new sort of digital 21st century age we find ourselves in. That is one thing I actually look forward to think-ing about when I am done with this. So I just wanted to come and say welcome. I am happy to answer a few questions. I have got to open Con-ference at 9, so I have got a few min-utes. Mr. FROST. Does anyone have any questions for the Speaker? Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Speaker, I just commend you for this. What you are indicating is this place is working, and I think the problem is out there in America, at least through mainstream media. It does appear to be working, and I think it is because of your leadership. And so we welcome you as a former Member, eventually, to be part of our process, which our mission is to create civility and, at the same time, to show how important it is that Congress work together. So we thank you very much for all you have done, and we look forward to working with you when you leave Con-gress. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you, Cliff. Mr. FROST. Any other questions? Mr. WALSH. Can I just offer, a great Democrat Hubert Humphrey said a long time ago that he who throws mud loses ground, and if we could somehow get Members of Congress to think about that in relation to this institu-tion. I don’t know how you do it. Maybe it is something you think about when you have more time. But instead of running against the institution, which drags everybody down, including the country, build it up, focus on the positive things, as you have, but don’t tear the institution down, because we are all less for it. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Yes. I have thought about this a bit. I think re-sults will ultimately matter, not the acrimony in between, but actually achieving results. And I think the kind of anxiety we have in the country, which is exploited by both fringes from both sides, can be reduced a bit if we have reduced eco-nomic anxiety in the country. We are beginning to reduce economic anxiety in the country. Getting the military rebuilt and veterans fixed will help us reduce national security anxiety. But reducing anxiety means we sort of take away the oxygen that gives a lot of breathing room and life to prey-ing on that anxiety, and it happens on all sides this day. Tim. Mr. MURPHY. P
AUL, I thank the House and your leadership for moving so many bills dealing with the opioid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.019 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5664 June 26, 2018 
problem that are both life changing and life saving. It is rare that so much is done in this Chamber, that to think about the 60- plus thousand, maybe 100,000 lives lost every year by this, it is clearly some-thing that is going to save massive numbers of people. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I think, be-cause we did CARA, which was 2015, we put dollars and resources out in the communities at the county level, for the most part. Then we got a lot of feedback and learned a lot of lessons, and then your committee did a lot of research on pharma and pharma-ceuticals and all of that, and prescrip-tions, which gave us the result of, I think it is, 48 bills. I am going off the top of my head. Because of the way the Senate works, we realized we are just going to have to package all of this stuff, put it in one big bill, H.R. 6, send it over there so they can just take it in a slug, because there is no way they could process all that legislation. So it was a really big effort, and I believe they are going to get that through. I think they will get through a cou-ple of our infrastructure bills. What is really interesting—and I am going off your topic—is this appropria-tions process is broken. Some of you are former appropriators. I don’t think there will ever be a day where the Sen-ate can process 12 appropriation bills. I just don’t think they will never do it. So we had the Joint Select Com-mittee redesign the budget process. It is bicameral and bipartisan. I am very hopeful that they can produce a new process. I think biennial is probably a pretty smart way to go, maybe split the appropriations in half, six this year, six the next year, due in 2 years, something like that, because we are just doing CRs and omnis, and that is not good. But this year, I think we might get three to six appropriation bills in law before the fiscal year, knock on wood. So we haven’t done that since we have been in the majority. We passed, like, two 3 years ago. Yes, Phil. Mr. GINGREY. Mr. Speaker, P
AUL, I would just like to say that I think a great part of the legacy of your Speak-ership has been showing civility and character, and I truly mean that. I think everybody in this Chamber would agree with that. We applaud you for that. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you. Mr. FROST. The gentleman from Tennessee has a brief comment, be-cause the Speaker has to go. Mr. CLEMENT. I am Bob Clement. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Oh, yes, I re-member you, Bob. You got new glasses. I didn’t recognize you at first. Good to see you. Mr. CLEMENT. I think you have done a great job, too, and I know you have got a tough job, but I did want to ask you about the committee process. Are we, more and more, going around the committee process to make deci-sions? Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Not really. The authorizing committee process works pretty well. We do suspensions fairly often. The minority gets one, we get two, you know, out of the deal, and those are only signed off by commit-tees of jurisdiction. It is the appropria-tion committee’s work that has basi-cally been circumvented because we have omnibuses and CRs. The authorizing committees do work. The Energy and Commerce Committee, they are the ones in charge, with Ways and Means, of all these opioid bills. Ways and Means did the tax bill. Every big bill, FAA, WRRDA, Transportation marked it up, brought it to the floor. So that committee process is working. The authorizing committee process to-tally, absolutely, fundamentally does work. Appropriations is broken, and it is not because of the Appropriations Com-mittee. It is, honestly, when it takes 60 votes to do anything over there, you don’t do anything. Last year, we passed all 12 bills be-fore the fiscal year, but they just piled up, and I just don’t think we are ever going to do 12 bills, 12 conference re-ports, all of that done before the fiscal year. In this day and age, we spend all our time doing that and then do it all over again next year. So I think we need a new appro-priating system, and that is, hopefully, what this committee we created in the omni will come up with. It is a bi-cameral and bipartisan joint select committee, and we want them to bring the results after the election so it is not politicized. Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, thank you for your time and for your service. We need to let you get on to your meeting of your Conference. Thank you very much for being with us. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Keep me on the schedule. Good to see you, guys and gals. Thank you. Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for your time. Mr. Stearns. Mr. STEARNS. I want to thank George and Charles for their report and for their outstanding leadership for these very important former Members of the Congress programs, and we ap-preciate very much what you do. Normally, at this juncture in our re-port, I highlight each of the former Members’ staff members, briefly de-scribe their areas of responsibility and perhaps add a personal note, but since I worked so closely with each of them over the past couple of years, I cannot do that this year simply because our team has grown so much larger. There is just not enough time anymore to do that. In our written report, which will be submitted into the R
ECORD , you will find their names and the tremendous contribution each and every one of them has made. However, I do want to highlight two names. First, our CEO, Pete Weichlein, as you may know, he has been with the former Members of Congress in various positions since 1999, which means in just a couple of months, he will cele-brate his 20-year anniversary with us. When he became CEO in 2003, the staff consisted of him and an unpaid in-tern—incredible. There was enough money in the bank for a couple of Cap-itol Hill programs and 3 or 4 months of rent and payroll. An active year with FMC consisted of five Congress to Cam-pus visits plus some lunches focusing on Germany. We now have a team of 12 profes-sionals conducting over almost 90 events over the past year involving huge constituencies, and we enjoy a huge amount of financial security that could see us through some rainy days if need be. He has turned this organiza-tion around, and we are very, very lucky to have Pete. The other staff member I want to a salute is our chief operating officer, Sabine Schleidt. She joined FMC over 7 years ago and has been the driving force behind so much of our tremen-dous growth and success, particularly with the Statesmanship dinner. Origi-nally, her focus was on the congres-sional study groups, where she trans-lated the success of the Germany model to new study groups, for exam-ple, the Korea program you have heard about several times. She is a tremen-dous fundraiser. She has mentored our staff of young professionals. And in her new role as chief operating officer, she will take a much more active part in implementing FMC’s vision and mis-sion beyond the international work. FMC is in very good hands, and thanks to her and Pete for their outstanding work. So Sabine, thank you. My colleagues, at this point, let me also recognize two guests from over-seas who have joined our annual meet-ing. As you well know, one of the clos-est relationships FMC enjoys is with our sister organization in Brussels, the Association of Former Members of the European Parliament. They have sent their newly elected vice president, Jan Willem Bertens, to join us, and we are so honored by his presence. Jan, welcome. In addition, all the way from Nepal and the former Members Association of that country is Alok Dahal. While he, himself, is not a former parliamen-tarian, his father is, and therefore, we are thrilled to have him here in D.C. with us representing his country and his country’s former Members group. Thank you both for joining us today. Every year at our annual meeting, we ask the membership to elect new of-ficers and board members. I, therefore, will now read to you the names of the candidates for board members and offi-cers. They are running unopposed; and I therefore will ask for a simple ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay’’ as I present to you the list of candidates as a slate. For the Association’s Board of Direc-tors Class of 2018, the candidates are: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.020 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5665 June 26, 2018 
Mary Bono of California Charles Boustany of Louisiana Tom Davis of Virginia Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania Vic Fazio of California Martin Frost of Texas Bart Gordon of Tennessee David Skaggs of Colorado Cliff Stearns of Florida and Albert Wynn of Maryland. All in favor of electing these 10 former Members to our board of direc-tors, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposed? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by the mem-bership. Mr. STEARNS. Next, we will elect our Executive Committee. I automati-cally join the Executive Committee in my capacity as past president. The secretary and treasurer are each elected to a 1-year term, with eligi-bility for another 1-year term. The candidates for our executive committee are: Ann Marie Buerkle of New York for treasurer. L.F. Payne of Virginia for secretary. All in favor of electing these two former Members to FMC’s Executive Committee, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposed? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by the mem-bership. Mr. STEARNS. The president and vice president each serve a 2-year term and are term-limited to a single term. The candidates are: For vice president, Charles Boustany of Louisiana. For president, Martin Frost of Texas. All in favor of electing these two former Members to our Executive Com-mittee as president and vice president, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposition? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate is elected. Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Frost and Mr. Boustany have been elected president and vice president of FMC. Congratulations to you both. Martin, at the risk of having the Speaker’s chair be vacant for a minute, I would like for you to join us here at the rostrum to make some brief com-ments. Mr. FROST. I don’t know how many of you know the amount of time that Cliff has devoted to this organization. It is very, very impressive. He has a full-time job and has been an excellent president, has attended many, many of our functions, has taken great interest in everything we do, and from time to time makes comments and suggestions to Pete about how we can do even bet-ter, and his comments are always on point and usually followed. So I would like to, at this time, Cliff, present this little token of our appre-ciation. Hopefully, it will find a place on your desk in your office. Thank you for all you have done for us. Mr. STEARNS. Thank you. Mr. FROST. Now, those of you who know me know that I don’t give long speeches. I do recall when Newt Ging-rich became Speaker and he was asked to give his acceptance speech, he spoke for an hour. That was very unusual. Most new Speakers just say: ‘‘Thank you, and I look forward to working with you.’’ You know, there is a time and a place for everything, and in my case, things have all come together, I believe, at the right time for me personally and for this organization. I retired from my law firm about 1
1⁄2years ago. While I still have some volunteer activities, I intend to devote a great deal of my per-sonal time to this organization. I particularly enjoy working with the staff. And Cliff has already recognized Pete and Sabine who just do an ex-traordinary job. Also, many of the other members of the staff are here today. We have a cross section of younger people and more mature peo-ple who are working with us, and I could not be happier than the staff that I will have the opportunity to lead in the next 2 years. I want to thank you for entrusting this job to me. You will be seeing me around, and I will play the same role that Cliff did. I will be making sugges-tions to Pete and to the staff from time to time. I think they will listen care-fully, and I expect that they will follow my suggestions from time to time. Thank you very much for the honor you have given me. Mr. STEARNS. Martin, I thank you, and congratulations again. I look for-ward very much to working with you and have great respect for you. It is now my duty to inform the Con-gress of those former and current Mem-bers who have passed away since our last report. As you know, FMC has commenced a beautiful new tradition, which is to recognize, via a separate memorial service in Statuary Hall, all those of our colleagues who have passed away in the previous 12 months. It is a wonderful and fitting tribute, and I hope you will join all of us on September 5 as we do it again this year. We also want to pay tribute to those Members by making sure their names are read here in the House Chamber and they are included in today’s C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD . I, therefore, will now read their names and ask all of you, including the visitors in the gal-lery if there are any, to rise as I read their names. At the end of the list, we will pay our respects to their memory with a moment of silence. Please stand. We honor these Members for their service to our country. They are: John Anderson of Illinois John Hall Buchanan, Jr., of Ten-nessee Jim Bunning of Kentucky Pete Domenici of New Mexico Jon D. Fox of Pennsylvania William F. Goodling of Pennsylvania Orval H. Hansen of Idaho Maurice Hinchey of New York Marjorie Holt of Maryland William H. Hudnut III of Indiana Joe Knollenberg of Michigan Tom Luken of Ohio Marc L. Marks of Pennsylvania Joseph M. McDade of Pennsylvania Louise Slaughter of New York Al Swift of Washington John V. Tunney of California Larry Winn of Kansas We will now have a moment of si-lence. Thank you, all of you. That con-cludes the 48th Report to Congress by the Former Members of Congress. On behalf of FMC, I wish to thank the Speaker and minority leader for giving us, simply, this opportunity to return to this very special place and report on FMC’s activities. I also wish to share with you how in-credibly honored I have been to serve as president of this outstanding organi-zation. I hope I was able to repay the trust of our membership, and I cannot thank you enough for having given me this great opportunity. I look forward to staying actively involved, and I wish our new president and our new execu-tive committee the best of luck moving forward. Mr. DIOGUARDI. Cliff, may I recog-nize two members of the Albania Par-liament. Mr. STEARNS. Please. Mr. D
IOGUARDI. What we do not only in the Congress, but as former Members, because Albania is still an emerging democracy, I would like to recognize Monika Kryemadhi, who is the chairwoman of the party, Move-ment for Social Integration, that made the difference so that Albania can func-tion there, as a coalition government there, and she is with us today. I would just—and her other colleagues who are also with us, Mr. Petrit Vasili, chair of the parliamentary group, and Mr. Eriol Braimllari, head of foreign relations. And I would like to, before we con-clude, recognize that they are looking to America to make Albania stronger. These were two countries that were created by the United States. Woodrow Wilson recognized Albania in 1919. It almost didn’t exist as a country and was about to be put into Yugoslavia. And 10 years ago, George W. Bush rec-ognized her also, and this is the 10th anniversary. Thank you very much. Mr. STEARNS. Thank you very much. They will now be part of the R
ECORD . Mr. FROST. The Chair again wishes to thank the former Members of the House and Senate for their presence here today. Before terminating these pro-ceedings, the Chair would like to invite those former Members who did not re-spond when the roll was called to give their names to the Reading Clerk for inclusion in the roll. The meeting stands adjourned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.022 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5666 June 26, 2018 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dan Spexarth, St. Cath-erine of Siena Parish, Wichita, Kansas, offered the following prayer: O Lord, our God, we ask You to abun-dantly bless these dedicated public servants and assist them in their tire-less work on behalf of all Americans. Give them clear minds to know Your will and understanding hearts, like King Solomon, to govern this vast peo-ple. Fill them with courage and resolve and deep humility. Help them to listen attentively to one another and to work diligently with one another to find so-lutions to the challenges we face as a Nation. So many have worked so hard for so long. Let them not be dismayed or disheartened. May the Prince of Peace protect the brave men and women of our military, deployed throughout the world. Please watch over their families here at home. We give You praise, O Lord, and we give You thanks for our many bless-ings, especially our most precious gifts of life and liberty. We pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WALDEN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING REVEREND DAN SPEXARTH The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I have the great privilege to introduce the House to our guest chaplain, Fa-ther Dan Spexarth of Wichita, Kansas. As an ordained minister for more than 30 years, Father Spexarth has served six parishes in our community, includ-ing St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church in Wichita since 2008. Father Spexarth was born and raised on a wheat farm near Colwich, Kansas. And after graduating from the semi-nary, we are fortunate Father Spexarth returned to our community. Father Spexarth has been a tireless servant of God, leading an active par-ish committed to serving those in need in our community and throughout the world. As Congress addresses many complex issues facing our Nation, I am humbled by the opportunity to host Father Spexarth and thankful that we can join together in prayer for our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in welcoming Father Dan Spexarth, and thank him for offering today’s opening prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PARDON STEVEN AND DWIGHT HAMMOND (Mr. WALDEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to raise an issue that would ‘‘shock the conscience.’’ Those are not my words. Those are the words of a dis-tinguished Federal judge when he re-fused to sentence two ranchers in my district to 5 years in prison. Judge Hogan looked at the case and he said: That is not right. It would ‘‘shock the conscience.’’ This Friday, the younger of those two ranchers will mark his fourth year in prison for starting a fire—by the way, fire on the range, high desert, is a management tool. They were using it for that purpose. They were tried. They were convicted. They never should have been sentenced to this. The Obama administration came back and resentenced them to 5 years for 139 acres. We burn hundreds of thousands of acres every year. The gov-ernment starts fires that burn onto pri-vate land. Nothing seems to happen. It is time for the President to review this situation and to grant a pardon to Steven and Dwight Hammond, pull them back together with their fami-lies. They have served long enough. This is an issue that shocks the con-science. It is time for real justice, and President Trump can administer that. f 
AMERICA IS MEASURED BY GOODNESS AND PASSION (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the communities I represent in Buffalo and western New York have a long, proud tradition of welcoming immigrants and refugees from all over the world. We are a city of good neigh-bors in a Nation of immigrants. The Trump administration’s imposi-tion of a Muslim travel ban, proposals to build a wall, and egregious policy to terrorize kids and tear families apart appeals to the tribal instincts of the weak and the paranoid among us. Americans respect the rule of law, hard work, and hard truth. We are measured as a Nation by power and strength, certainly, but equally by goodness and compassion. These are the values that made America great again, again, and again. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MIKE EARL SMITH FOR WINNING THE TRI-PLE CROWN (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, the Tri-ple Crown is one of the most signifi-cant achievements in all of sports, but especially in the sport of horse racing. In fact, it is such a rare achievement that only 13 times since 1875 has it been accomplished. This year, Mike Earl Smith, also known as ‘‘Big Money Mike,’’ jockeyed his thoroughbred horse, Justify, to achieve the Triple Crown. Now, the Triple Crown, in order to win it, you must win the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes, and the Belmont Stakes all in the same racing season. And Mike did just that. It was only the second time in the last 40 years that it has occurred. Mike is the oldest jockey to ever win the Triple Crown. He was born in Roswell, New Mexico, and raised on a farm outside of Dexter, New Mexico. He has been racing since age 11. He won his first professional race in 1982 at the Downs at Santa Fe. At one point, he broke his back and returned from that. In 2003, he was in-ducted into the National Museum of Racing Hall of Fame; in 2013, into the New Mexico Sports Hall of Fame. Win-ner of nearly 5,500 races, these three this year set Mike into the history books. Congratulations, Mike. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.024 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5667 June 26, 2018 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FOOD BANK OF EASTERN MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the Food Bank of Eastern Michigan, an incredible non-profit organization in my hometown of Flint that is working to end hunger in the communities across my district. Each year, the food bank distributes more than 28 million pounds of food through 22 counties. In addition to providing that assist-ance, the food bank is doing important work to study poverty in America. It is clear through their work that the way we measure poverty in America doesn’t give us the full picture. The way we look at poverty is incomplete. Many families in Michigan tech-nically are above the Federal poverty level, but those families struggle to meet their basic needs, like a roof over their head, enough food on the table, and paying their utility bills. Congress has to do more to end pov-erty in this country. Instead of cutting childcare programs, healthcare, and ending tax incentives like the Earned Income Tax Credit, let’s help families be self-sufficient. Let’s focus on cre-ating good jobs, raising their wages, supporting families with income that allows them to not focus just on the basic needs. This is something that we have to do. We are the richest country on the plan-et. We ought to be able to end poverty in America. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LAN-CASTER CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Lancaster Catholic High School baseball team today. The Crusaders baseball team recently claimed its first baseball championship in school history. After a remarkable 20–5 season, the Crusaders won the Lan-caster-Lebanon Section 4 and District 3 titles, setting themselves up for a run at the State championship. Sure enough, the Crusaders defeated South Side 5–1 in the PIAA 3A Cham-pionship. In addition to the Crusaders’ great offense, the highlight of the game was senior Dillon Marsh’s dominating pitching performance. Marsh, who has committed to playing at the University of Kentucky next year, pitched a com-plete game, striking out 11 batters without allowing a single walk. This game continued his excellent postseason performance, during which he surpassed the 100 strikeout mark for the season and threw a no-hit shutout in the State semifinals. In summarizing his victory and the celebration with his teammates, Marsh simply stated: ‘‘It was just pure happi-ness.’’ Congratulations to the Lancaster Crusaders baseball team, the coaches, the families, and everyone at the school and in the community who sup-ported this team along the way. f 
DEFEND PROTECTION OF PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, from his very first day in office, President Trump has worked to sabo-tage and repeal the Affordable Care Act. Despite being unable to pass a repeal bill, President Trump hasn’t stopped working to make it harder for people with preexisting conditions to afford coverage. Last week, HHS announced that it will allow the sale of short-term junk insurance plans that don’t provide essential coverage and exclude people with preexisting conditions. Mean-while, Attorney General Jeff Sessions argues that such protections are un-constitutional. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to understand why the President, who promised won-derful healthcare for all, is so com-mitted to attacking the most popular parts of the Affordable Care Act. Constance, a constituent from my district, wrote, back during the repeal debate, that: ‘‘The ACA saved my life, as I would not be able to afford my healthcare without it.’’ Mr. Speaker, we in Congress need to be doing more to protect people like Constance and all of those who have been diagnosed with a preexisting con-dition. We need to be doing more, not less 
f 
AGENT ORANGE DISABILITY BENE-FITS FOR BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues in this House for passing H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. The legislation makes 90,000 Viet-nam sea-service veterans eligible for disability pay for health issues that could possibly have been caused by Agent Orange exposure. The truth is, we don’t know for sure how many have been exposed to Agent Orange, but we owe them the benefit of the doubt that we give to Vietnam servicemembers who have served on land as well. It is a long time coming. They plead-ed with us for years to pay attention to Agent Orange, and it has been obscured for a long time. It is well-documented that some of these soldiers weren’t treated very well when they returned home to this country. They finally are going to receive the respect and the care they deserve. I want to thank our chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Dr. Phil Roe, as well as the author of this legis-lation, my California colleague, DAVID V
ALADAO , for their tireless work on making this happen. Countless veterans have developed health issues as a result of Agent Or-ange exposure, and it is about time we set this right for our blue water Navy vets who are eligible for these benefits that they need and their families pleaded for. Mr. Speaker, I am glad we finally got this done for them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LAKOTA TIMOTHY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding student from Coudersport, Pennsylvania, who re-ceived an award from the Potter Coun-ty Conservation District for being an outstanding FFA student. Miss Lakota Timothy is this year’s recipient of the Henry Staiger Agri-culture Education and FFA Award. Henry was an agriculture teacher for many years in Potter County and was instrumental in developing the con-servation district. Each year, this award goes to the most involved and outstanding Spud Growers FFA student from Coudersport High School. Lakota is the daughter of Scott and Wendy Timothy of Sweden Valley. Throughout her FFA career, she has been involved in numerous leadership and development events, including: for-est evaluation, land evaluation, envi-ronmental and natural resources, dairy evaluation, livestock evaluation, and public speaking. She also has presented at Kinder-garten Ag Day and other community events where she teaches elementary students about various agricultural topics. Mr. Speaker, Lakota has been an ex-cellent role model to both her peers and younger students who are inter-ested in agriculture. I congratulate her on this out-standing achievement and wish her the best of luck in the future. 
f 
b1215 OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic is taking lives at a staggering rate. In my home State of Arkansas—that has a relatively small population—more than 400 people lost their lives directly attributable to opioids in 2016, and the numbers con-tinue to climb. Congress has the power to prevent a major source of illegal opioids. Plain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H26JN8.REC H26JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5668 June 26, 2018 
and simple, a secure border will stem the flow of opioids into our country. So far this fiscal year, Customs and Bor-der Patrol agents have seized 984 pounds of fentanyl. That is enough le-thal doses of this synthetic opioid to kill half of the U.S. population. As we consider the multiple aspects of border security, we must keep in mind that it is directly tied to our opioid epidemic. Our Border Patrol not only needs the walls to shut down the drug cartels, it must be provided unhindered access with good roads, re-gardless of the land use category. Smart, scientific streamlining of our environmental policies are necessary to secure our border to stop the flow of illegal drugs and save lives. 
f 
ST. JOSEPH CATHOLIC CHURCH FIRE (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer thoughts and pray-ers to the families of St. Joseph Catho-lic Church in Andale, Kansas. For near-ly 125 years, the parish of St. Joseph has been a pillar of west Sedgwick County and our entire community. On Sunday morning, several hours before parishioners were to arrive for 8 a.m. Mass, it is believed a lightning strike caused a fire which soon en-gulfed the entire attic and roof. Two firefighters were injured responding to the fire which was contained after sev-eral hours. Thankfully, the firefighters treated for smoke inhalation and burns were released from the hospital. In a demonstration of the spirit in our community, nearby Andale High School was quick to open its doors and the church was able to celebrate 10 a.m. Mass. I am confident that this re-silient community will continue to join together to help Father Daryl Befort and all the parishioners in St. Joseph as they begin the long and dif-ficult task of rebuilding their church. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in keeping St. Joseph and our first responders in our thoughts and prayers at this time. 
f 
WAYZATA BOYS TRACK CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Wayzata boys track team on winning the Minnesota State High School Championship. Wayzata edged out second place to win, their third now, State championship in the last 4 years. The Trojans put on an impressive all- around performance, competing par-ticularly well in long distance and relay events. It was a well-deserved win for a program that has now become in-creasingly dominant in recent years. Mr. Speaker, we all know that suc-cess on the track takes dedication, hard work, commitment to training, and raw athletic talent. Wayzata’s suc-cess is a testament to the skill of its young student athletes and the com-mitment of its coaches. I want to congratulate the coaches, the entire team, the families, and the fans for winning the State high school championship. f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS OF FORMER MEMBERS PROGRAM Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings during the former Members program be printed in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD and that all Members and former Members who spoke during the proceedings have the privilege of revising and extending their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2083, EN-DANGERED SALMON AND FISH-ERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 961 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 961 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-77 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived except as follows: page 86, line 1, through page 86, line 7. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and pro forma amendments described in section 3 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in part A of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment except as provided by section 3 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such fur-ther amendments are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment pursuant to this resolution, the Com-mittee of the Whole shall rise without mo-tion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subse-quent order of the House. SEC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to re-duce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115-79. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 3. During consideration of H.R. 6157 for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. S
EC. 4. (a) During consideration of H.R. 6157, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment proposing both a decrease in an appropriation designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and an increase in an appropriation not so des-ignated, or vice versa. (b) This paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.028 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5669 June 26, 2018 
shall not apply to an amendment between the Houses. S
EC. 5. House Resolution 952 is laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 961, which provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 2083, the En-dangered Salmon and Fisheries Preda-tion Prevention Act and a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019. The rule makes in order amendments for both bills, including three amend-ments offered by the minority to H.R. 2083 and several amendments offered by members of both sides of the aisle for H.R. 6157. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I expect that we will consider a rule to-morrow to provide for the consider-ation of additional amendments to H.R. 6157. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2083, the Endan-gered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, authored by my col-league, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER of Wash-ington, clarifies the authority and streamlines the process to manage sea lion populations that are decimating ESA-listed salmon, steelhead, and other non-listed species, such as white sturgeon in the lower Columbia River. It also provides ESA-listed salmon in the lower Columbia River a habitat where they can recover while control-ling the stocks of sea lions on a limited basis. The bill will benefit the resi-dents of the Pacific Northwest who have invested millions of dollars to protect, restore, and enhance salmon and other endangered species on the Columbia River. In my home State of Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, we are far too familiar with the abuses of the ESA. The goal of the Endangered Species Act should be to recover species, not place restrictive and unnecessary burdens and protec-tions on threatened and endangered species in perpetuity. While the ESA process as a whole must be reformed, this bill provides a targeted approach to allow the citizens of the Pacific Northwest to achieve the original intent of the Endangered Spe-cies Act, which is to recover species. This is a good bill. I support its inclu-sion in this rule, and I urge its adop-tion. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, this rule allows for consideration of H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, authored by my colleague from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ). Mr. Speaker, providing the funding needed by our men and women in uni-form to defend this great Nation is by far the most important responsibility we have as Members of the United States Congress. For far too long, Congress has failed in this regard. For nearly a decade, we have forced our men and women in uni-form to operate under continuing reso-lutions and the devastation of seques-tration. In this Congress, Mr. Speaker, we have begun to change that. For fiscal year ’18, we provided $700 billion to begin to rebuild our military from the cuts and misguided policy of the Obama years. But our job is far from done. Rebuilding our military and pro-viding the resources needed will re-quire dedicated efforts for years to come. Mr. Speaker, we simply must stop forcing our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for the dysfunction of the congressional budget process. Mr. Speaker, we know that this House is not the problem. In fact, since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, we have never failed to pass a defense appropriations bill on time and often with large, bipartisan majorities. With this week’s consideration of H.R. 6157, we in this House intend to keep that streak alive. However, as we have too often found, the Senate is un-able or unwilling to complete their work, and our men and women in uni-form suffer. b1230 Secretary Mattis spoke late last year about this issue when he released the National Defense Strategy. He said: ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s de-fense spending cuts, worsened by us op-erating, 9 of the last 10 years, under continuing resolutions, wasting copi-ous amounts of precious taxpayer dol-lars.’’ Secretary Mattis then went on to say that: ‘‘The consequences of not pro-viding a budget are clear: Without a sustained budget, ships will not receive the required maintenance to put to sea; the ships already at sea will be ex-tended outside of port; aircraft will re-main on the ground, their pilots not at the sharpest edge; and, eventually, am-munition, training, and manpower will not be sufficient to deter war.’’ H.R. 6157 is a bipartisan bill that pro-vides the resources necessary to con-tinue the job of rebuilding our mili-tary. The bill provides our troops with the highest pay raise they have re-ceived in 9 years. It continues restoring readiness through increases in the op-eration and maintenance accounts, in-cluding providing needed flight time and battle training, as well as equip-ment and facility maintenance. This bill also provides procurement funding to ensure our troops have the tools and equipment they need, and in-creases the funding for research and de-velopment for future needs. We must, as General Dunford said in front of the Armed Services Committee earlier this year, ‘‘ensure we never send America’s sons and daughters into a fair fight.’’ We need to ensure that they are armed to prevail every time. Mr. Speaker, we now face a more complex and dangerous set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II. Passing H.R. 6157 will help put us on the path we need to be on to restore the readiness of our mili-tary so we can deter and, if necessary, defeat those threats. In addition, Mr. Speaker, we must end this cycle and this decade of budg-et dysfunction. We must repeal the Budget Control Act and provide the stable resources our military needs, if we are to continue to maintain an Armed Forces that is second to none. H.R. 6157 is an important, bipartisan, and necessary step down that path. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge sup-port for the rule to allow consideration of H.R. 6157, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman, my friend from Wyoming, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I will proceed to debate the rule for H.R. 2083 and H.R. 6157. The first measure, H.R. 2083, in my opinion, is an overly broad bill that will lead to the needless slaughter of more than 1,000 sea lions without ad-dressing the serious problems facing our country’s endangered salmon stocks. Thirteen populations of salmon and steelhead in the Columbia River are listed under the Endangered Species Act, with their greatest threat to ex-tinction coming from deadbeat dams, habitat loss, and climate change. This bill does nothing to address those issues and will not lead to the recovery of the salmon populations. Mr. Speaker, in a change of pace for this Republican-controlled Congress, H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019, is a largely bipartisan bill. Total-ing $674.6 billion, $20 billion above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level, H.R. 6157, as my colleague said, increases mili-tary pay by 2.6 percent and funds mili-tary procurement, readiness, and re-search and development. The legislation, in a break from the strategy implemented by the Repub-lican Trump administration, actually works to keep our commitments to our allies and provides resources for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.005 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5670 June 26, 2018 
European Reassurance Initiative to counter Russian aggression, continues our support for Ukraine, and fulfills our obligations to Israel with funding for the U.S.-Israel joint anti-tunneling research technology initiative and the Israeli Missile Defense Cooperative program. H.R. 6157 also provides new funding for Department of Defense schools and Historically Black Colleges, Univer-sities, and Minority-Serving Institu-tions, partnerships that are critical for preserving readiness into the future by investing in our servicemembers today. I was also pleased that the com-mittee included parts of the Families of Fallen Servicemembers First Act in this bill, which will ensure that fami-lies of fallen servicemembers can al-ways access the immediate death gra-tuities they are entitled to, even in the event of a lapse of government funding. Politics should never be a factor dur-ing such an unimaginable time, and yet that has been the case in each of the last three government shutdowns. I commend my colleagues, Representa-tives G
ERRY CONNOLLY and T OMROO-
NEY, for taking on this critically im-portant issue. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, this bill does a lot of good. I wish that bipar-tisan legislation like this was the norm. I congratulate the committee for working together in a bipartisan fash-ion to ensure that our country’s secu-rity needs are met without needlessly injecting partisan fights into the proc-ess. I would, however, be remiss if I did not mention the omission of any lan-guage pertaining to the 2001 Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force, known colloquially as the 2001 AUMF. We continue to give Presidents a blank check to wage war. Let me re-peat that: We continue to give Presi-dents—not President Trump, not Presi-dent Obama, not President Bush, not President Clinton—a blank check to wage war. Since the 2001 AUMF was en-acted, it has been cited as the statu-tory authority for military actions more than 40 times in at least 18 coun-tries. That is 18 countries, Mr. Speak-er, using an authorization passed 17 years ago. I and other Members, like Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEEand Congressman J
IMMCGOVERN , the ranking member of the Rules Committee, have been re-lentless on this issue, relentless on the need for this body to take its constitu-tional duties seriously and discuss how and if we will authorize the executive branch to wage war. In fact, last year, the Appropriations Committee adopted an amendment by Congresswoman L
EEto begin the proc-ess of repealing and replacing the AUMF with an updated measure. In an underhanded move, the Rules Com-mittee stripped the provisions in an undemocratic and underhanded way. Since then, Congress has done nothing to reassert its constitutional authority to decide when and where to commit our troops overseas. I don’t know why it is that this con-tinues, and I don’t know what it is going to take for us to have a vote on a new AUMF, but I think that the peo-ple of this great country deserve to know why House Republicans are pro-tecting the President’s ability to wage unchecked war around the globe. I felt the same way when President Obama was in office, as well as previous Presi-dents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. BYRNE ), my friend and col-league on both the Armed Services Committee and the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I ap-preciate her steadfast leadership on be-half of our Nation’s servicemen and -women. Mr. Speaker, we are in the process of a long-needed rebuilding of our Na-tion’s military, and this funding bill will ensure the rebuilding process con-tinues. I have spoken on this floor many times about the readiness crisis facing our military. We are finally getting our planes back in the air and troops who are fully prepared to deploy. This read-iness crisis hurts our overall national security. But, Mr. Speaker, it also puts our servicemen and -women at great risk. Last year, we lost four times as many servicemembers in training acci-dents as we lost in combat. We owe it to these men and women to do every-thing in our power to avoid more of these accidents. That duty requires consistent and robust funding for all aspects of our defense. I am pleased to say that this funding bill builds on the progress made over the last 2 years, and I am proud to sup-port the Defense Appropriations bill and this rule. This bill sets aside $674.6 billion for the Department of Defense, which is consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act that passed out of this body earlier this year. Importantly, the bill will help us re-cruit and retain the greatest fighting force on the face of the Earth. That in-cludes full funding for a 2.6 percent pay raise for the military and an increase in overall end strength. The bill makes much-needed invest-ments in training and equipment ac-quisition to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources and tools they need to safely and successfully de-fend or country. As vice chair of the House Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I am pleased to see the bill make progress toward rebuilding a 355-ship Navy fleet. The bill funds the construction of 12 new Navy ships, including three lit-toral combat ships. The bill also funds the procurement of additional F–35s, F/A–18 Super Hor-nets, Black Hawk helicopters, Abrams tanks, and C–130J aircraft, among many others. Given the current threat environ-ment, the bill invests in our Nation’s missile defense programs and ensures support for some of our key allies around the globe. Mr. Speaker, peace through strength should always be the position of the United States. There is no greater de-terrent to war than a strong, fully equipped U.S. military. I want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and her subcommittee for their work on this legislation, and I look forward to a strong bipartisan vote later this week. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Ranking Member N
ADLER ’s bill, H.R. 6135, the Keep Families Together Act, of which I am an original cosponsor. This much- needed proposal would prohibit the De-partment of Homeland Security from separating children from their fami-lies, except in extraordinary cir-cumstances, and limit the criminal prosecution of asylum seekers. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so that we may protect these innocent children. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my col-league that I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close as well, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to go forward now with my closing. Last week, we saw Republicans fail to protect Dreamers. These are young people who, in many cases, have known no other country than the United States. It is, like it is for you and for me, quite simply, their home. They are, but for one piece of paper, just as American as anyone in this room. Yet my friends across the aisle take pains to denigrate and belittle Dreamers. b1245 We witnessed Republican leadership bring anti-immigrant legislation to the House floor that did nothing to solve the heartbreaking situation for chil-dren and their parents on the southern border. In fact, the bills pushed by my Republican friends would perpetuate child detention, further tarnishing our Nation’s values. Democrats have put forward multiple bipartisan proposals to address the need for immigration reform in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.031 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5671 June 26, 2018 
country and, now, for the need to ad-dress the completely self-made Repub-lican crisis at our border involving the separation of infants and toddlers from their mothers and fathers. All of them have been dismissed out of hand. If my Republican colleagues can move past throwing red meat to their base and are willing to work in a seri-ous and bipartisan manner to address the issues in our immigration system, then know that Democrats are ready to work with you. All you need to do is stand up to the extreme faction in your party and finally work with us. Let me say something else, finally, about that. The current occupant of the White House continues to say that Democrats believe in open borders and crime. I know I don’t believe in open borders, and I know that I have spent a career in the field of law in trying to assist, not only my community, but here in our Congress, countless com-munities, to avoid criminal elements and crime in a variety of places throughout our country. I don’t think it is right just to make political points at the expense of some-thing that is so critical, and I deem it wrong that it is said that Democrats favor open borders and crime. That is just the farthest thing from the truth. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-league’s commitment to coming to some sort of a resolution on the chal-lenges we are facing at our border. I think it is crucially important that we secure our border, and I respect very much my colleague from the Rules Committee. I appreciate that, perhaps, he doesn’t believe in open bor-ders, but certainly, Mr. Speaker, we have seen across the country, including most recently a Democratic candidate for Governor of New York referring to our ICE officials as ‘‘terrorists.’’ That is the kind of rhetoric that real-ly does a huge disservice and, frankly, is shameful to those who are making sure that our borders are secure, to those trying to protect us. We are a Nation of laws, and we have got to en-sure, Mr. Speaker, that we enforce those laws. Mr. Speaker, I think it would be a benefit and a positive move for the citizens across this country if both sides of the aisle were able to come to-gether on this. Unfortunately, we have gotten into a situation where there are a number of people on the other side of the aisle who believe we ought to have open borders, and we simply can’t ac-cept that and can’t defend that. We have got to make sure we secure our borders, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, there is a statue that stands at the Antietam National Bat-tlefield, which is just about 70 miles from here. Antietam, as Members know, was the site of the single blood-iest day in American history. Close to 23,000 Americans were killed, wounded, or lost that day. The statue, Mr. Speaker, is a statue of a Union soldier that overlooks the graves of the fallen. There is an in-scription on the statue which says, ‘‘Not for themselves, but for their country.’’ It should be a reminder to all of us, regardless of party, Mr. Speaker, that the ultimate sacrifice has been paid by so many Americans in every single bat-tle of this Republic’s history, that those who fight to secure our freedom do it willingly. They do it by saying they are willing, as Secretary Mattis has said, to write a blank check to the Republic. They do it to defend everything we hold sacred and, indeed, Mr. Speaker, to defend what we are doing here today, to defend our right to debate, to defend our right to make laws, to de-fend our right to vote. Those are the freedoms that are so crucial to the founding and the estab-lishment of this Republic. I am really proud, Mr. Speaker, that with this De-fense Appropriations bill, we were able to come together in a bipartisan way to demonstrate our support for our men and women in uniform. What we need to do now, Mr. Speak-er, is come together in a bicameral way. We need to ensure that our ac-tions are worthy of those men and women on the front lines who are de-fending us every day. We are considering a rule, Mr. Speak-er, that will allow the debate and the passage of this bill to fund our troops. For generations, young Americans have—and again I am going to quote Secretary Mattis—‘‘been willing to shoulder the patriot’s burden,’’ to put on the cloth of our Nation and to fight to defend all of us and all we hold sa-cred and dear. It is time for us in the United States Congress, the House and the Senate, to shoulder our burden and to provide the funding our men and women in uniform need. Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Rules Committee, I also serve on the Natural Resources Committee and the Armed Services Committee. Over the course of the last 18 months that I have been in Congress, we have received repeated testimony on the funding, moderniza-tion, and readiness crisis facing the United States military. I can say, Mr. Speaker, that no expe-rience that I have had since I have been a Member of this body has had a great-er impact on me than hearing from the Secretary of Defense, from the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, from all the combatant commanders, from all the service Secretaries, time and time again, hearing them come before this body and say that no foe in the field has done more damage to the United States military than has the United States Congress. I think it is really important for peo-ple to stop, think, and listen to what that means. Our men and women in uniform and the leaders of our military are making the case—an accurate case—that we have done more damage than has any enemy. We have absolutely got to stop that, Mr. Speaker. We have got to end this process of sequestration. We have got to end the continuing resolutions. We have got to end the dysfunctional budget process. We simply cannot allow this situation to continue. The threats that we face as a Nation are real, and they are growing. Yet, as a Congress, we have continually forced our military to operate on continuing resolutions of varying lengths for near-ly a decade. We have got to end this cycle of dysfunction. We cannot force our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for our dysfunction. That is simply reprehen-sible, Mr. Speaker. I fully expect and hope that we will pass H.R. 6157 this week, and I urge my Democratic colleagues in the Senate to forgo attempts to filibuster this impor-tant bill and to work with Republicans in the Senate and Members of this House to fulfill our most solemn and sacred obligation, providing funding for the men and women in uniform who volunteer to put their lives on the line to defend this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule, H.R. 6157, and H.R. 2083. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 961 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. That immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6135) to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6135. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.033 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5672 June 26, 2018 
merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if or-dered; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4294. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 172, not voting 36, as follows: [Roll No. 291] YEAS—219 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—172 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—36 
Aderholt Barletta Black Butterfield Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney Diaz-Balart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Holding Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1320 Mmes. TORRES and LAWRENCE, Mr. CONNOLLY, and Mrs. NAPOLI-TANO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on No. 291. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The question is on the resolu-tion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.012 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5673 June 26, 2018 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 222, noes 172, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 292] AYES—222 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—172 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—33 
Aderholt Black Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney Diaz-Balart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1329 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFOR-MATION DISSEMINATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4294) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a crimi-nal penalty for unauthorized disclo-sures of certain individually identifi-able information by officers or employ-ees of a Federal department or agency, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 2, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 293] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.038 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5674 June 26, 2018 
Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—33 
Aderholt Black Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney Diaz-Balart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1339 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized dis-closures by officers or employees of a Federal agency of certain living will and stress test determinations.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes on roll-calls Nos. 291, 292, and 293 on June 26, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 292, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcalls 291, 292, and 293, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 292, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘Yea’’ on roll-call No. 292, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on rollcall No. 289 through No. 293. Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 289, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 290, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 291, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 292, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 293, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Re-publican Conference, I offer a privi-leged resolution and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 963 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. Flores, to rank immediately after Mr. Coff-man. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK RE-VIEW MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5841) to modernize and strengthen the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5841 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS Sec. 101. Findings and sense of Congress. TITLE II—DEFINITIONS Sec. 201. Definitions. TITLE III—IMPROVEMENTS TO THE OP-ERATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES Sec. 301. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 302. Declarations relating to certain covered transactions. Sec. 303. Timing for reviews and investiga-tions. Sec. 304. Submission of certifications to Congress. Sec. 305. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 306. Information sharing. Sec. 307. Action by the President. Sec. 308. Factors to be considered. Sec. 309. Mitigation and other actions by the Committee to address national security risks. Sec. 310. Certification of notices and infor-mation. Sec. 311. Additional regulations. TITLE IV—MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT Sec. 401. Modification of annual report. Sec. 402. Report on transactions with cen-sorship implications. Sec. 403. Notice to Congress by the Com-mittee. TITLE V—RESOURCES, SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY, AND OUTREACH Sec. 501. Centralization of certain Com-mittee functions. Sec. 502. CFIUS resource needs. Sec. 503. Funding. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS FIRRMA PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Conforming amendment. Sec. 602. Regulatory certainty for United States businesses. Sec. 603. Cooperation with United States al-lies and partners. TITLE VII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF Sec. 701. Delay in effective date. TITLE VIII—EXPORT CONTROL REFORM Sec. 801. Short title. Sec. 802. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.009 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5675 June 26, 2018 
Subtitle A—Authority and Administration of Controls Sec. 811. Short title. Sec. 812. Statement of policy. Sec. 813. Authority of the President. Sec. 814. Additional authorities. Sec. 815. Administration of export controls. Sec. 816. Licensing. Sec. 817. Compliance assistance. Sec. 818. Requirements to identify and con-trol emerging, foundational, and other critical technologies in export control regulations. Sec. 819. Review relating to countries sub-ject to comprehensive United States arms embargo. Sec. 820. Penalties. Sec. 821. Enforcement. Sec. 822. Administrative procedure. Sec. 823. Review of interagency dispute reso-lution process. Sec. 824. Coordination with other agencies on commodity classification and removal of export controls. Sec. 825. Annual report to Congress. Sec. 826. Repeal. Sec. 827. Effect on other Acts. Sec. 828. Transition provisions. Subtitle B—Anti-Boycott Act of 2018 Sec. 831. Short title. Sec. 832. Statement of policy. Sec. 833. Foreign boycotts. Sec. 834. Enforcement. Subtitle C—Sanctions Regarding Missile Proliferation and Chemical and Biological Weapons Proliferation Sec. 841. Missile proliferation control viola-tions. Sec. 842. Chemical and biological weapons proliferation sanctions. Subtitle D—Administrative Authorities Sec. 851. Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. TITLE I—FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) According to a February 2016 report by the Department of Commerce’s International Trade Administration, 12 million United States workers, equivalent to 8.5 percent of the labor force, have jobs resulting from for-eign investment, including 3.5 million jobs in the manufacturing sector alone. (2) In 2016, new foreign direct investment in U.S. manufacturing totaled $129.4 billion. (3) The Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Economic Analysis concluded that in 2015, foreign-owned affiliates in the United States— (A) Contributed $894.5 billion in value added to the U.S. economy; (B) exported goods valued at $352.8 billion, accounting for nearly a quarter of total U.S. goods exports; (C) undertook $56.7 billion in research and development; and (D) the seven largest investing countries, all of which are United States allies – the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, France, Canada, Switzerland, and the Netherlands – accounted for 72.1 percent of U.S. affiliate value added and over 80 percent of affiliates’ R&D expenditures. (4) According to the Government Account-ability Office (GAO), from 2011 to 2016, the number of transactions reviewed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) grew by 55 percent, while agency staff assigned to the reviews in-creased by 11 percent. (5) According to a February 2018 report (GAO-18-249), GAO noted: ‘‘Officials from Treasury and other member agencies are aware of pressures on their CFIUS staff given the current workload and have ex-pressed concerns about possible workload in-creases.’’. GAO concluded: ‘‘Without attain-ing an understanding of the staffing levels needed to address the current and future CFIUS workload, particularly if legislative changes to CFIUS’s authorities further ex-pand its workload, CFIUS may be limited in its ability to fulfill its objectives and address threats to the national security of the United States.’’. (6) On March 30, 1954, Dwight David Eisen-hower – five-star general, Supreme Allied Commander, and 34th President of the United States – in his ‘‘Special Message to the Congress on Foreign Economic Policy’’, counseled: ‘‘Great mutual advantages to buyer and seller, to producer and consumer, to investor and to the community where in-vestment is made, accrue from high levels of trade and investment.’’. He continued: ‘‘The internal strength of the American economy has evolved from such a system of mutual advantage. In the press of other problems and in the haste to meet emergencies, this nation – and many other nations of the free world – have all too often lost sight of this central fact.’’. President Eisenhower con-cluded: ‘‘If we fail in our trade policy, we may fail in all. Our domestic employment, our standard of living, our security, and the solidarity of the free world – all are in-volved.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign investment provides substantial benefits to the United States, including the promotion of economic growth, productivity, innovation, competitiveness, and job cre-ation, thereby enhancing U.S. national secu-rity; (2) maintaining the commitment of the United States to an open investment policy encourages other countries to act similarly and helps expand foreign markets for U.S. businesses; (3) at the same time, national security risks related to foreign investment, particu-larly those emanating from countries such as China and Russia, warrant an appropriate modernization of the processes and authori-ties of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; (4) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, as a complement to do-mestic and multilateral export control re-gimes, plays a critical role in protecting the national security of the United States; (5) in order to maintain the Committee’s effectiveness and guard against mission creep, CFIUS should remain narrowly fo-cused on confronting risks related to na-tional security; (6) it is essential that the member agencies of the Committee are adequately resourced and able to hire appropriately qualified indi-viduals in a timely manner so that CFIUS may promptly complete transaction reviews, identify and respond to evolving national se-curity risks, and enforce mitigation agree-ments effectively; (7) the President should carry out inter-national outreach to promote the benefits of foreign investment for global economic growth, while also assisting United States partners to address national security risks; and (8) it is the policy of the United States to enthusiastically welcome and support for-eign investment, consistent with national se-curity considerations. TITLE II—DEFINITIONS 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) CONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, direct or indirect, whether or not exercised, to determine, direct, or decide im-portant matters affecting an entity, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered transaction’ means any transaction de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or (C) that is proposed, pending, or completed on or after the date of the enactment of the Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) T
RANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A trans- action described in this subparagraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) Any merger, acquisition, takeover, or joint venture that is proposed or pending after August 23, 1988, by or with any foreign person that could result in foreign control of any United States business. ‘‘(ii) The purchase or lease by, or conces-sion to, a foreign person of private or public real estate that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States and— ‘‘(aa) is, or is in close proximity to, a United States military installation or an-other facility or property of the United States Government that is sensitive for rea-sons relating to national security and— ‘‘(AA) could reasonably provide the foreign person the ability to collect intelligence on activities being conducted at such an instal-lation, facility, or property; or ‘‘(BB) could otherwise expose national se-curity activities at such an installation, fa-cility, or property to the risk of foreign sur-veillance; or ‘‘(bb) is itself, or is located at and could function as part of, an air or sea port; ‘‘(II) is not a single housing unit, as de-fined by the Bureau of the Census; ‘‘(III) is not in an urbanized area, as set forth by the Bureau of the Census in its most recent census, except as otherwise prescribed by the Committee in regulations in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(IV) meets such other criteria as the Committee prescribes by regulation, except that such criteria may not expand the cat-egories of real estate to which this clause ap-plies beyond the categories described in this clause. ‘‘(iii) Any change in the rights that a for-eign person has with respect to a United States business in which the foreign person has an investment, if that change could re-sult in— ‘‘(I) foreign control of the United States business; or ‘‘(II) an investment described in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(iv) Any transaction or other device en-tered into or employed for the purpose of evading this section, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(C) S
ENSITIVE TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING  
COUNTRIES OF SPECIAL CONCERN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A transaction described in this subparagraph is any investment in an unaffiliated United States business by a for-eign person that— ‘‘(I) is— ‘‘(aa) a national or a government of, or a foreign entity organized under the laws of, a country of special concern; or ‘‘(bb) a foreign entity— ‘‘(AA) over which control is exercised or exercisable by a national or a government of, or by a foreign entity organized under the laws of, a country of special concern; or ‘‘(BB) in which the government of a coun-try of special concern has a substantial in-terest; and ‘‘(II) as a result of the transaction, could obtain–— ‘‘(aa) sensitive personal data, as defined by regulations prescribed by the Committee, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5676 June 26, 2018 
United States citizens, if such data may be exploited in a manner that threatens na-tional security; ‘‘(bb) involvement, other than through vot-ing of shares, in substantive decisionmaking of the United States business regarding— ‘‘(AA) the use, development, acquisition, or release of sensitive personal data of United States citizens (as described in item (aa)); ‘‘(BB) the use, development, acquisition, or release of critical technologies; or ‘‘(CC) the management or operations of United States critical infrastructure, as specified in regulations prescribed by the Committee; or ‘‘(cc) material nonpublic technical infor-mation in the possession of the United States business. ‘‘(ii) C
OUNTRY OF SPECIAL CONCERN .—For the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘country of special concern’ means— ‘‘(I) any foreign country that is subject to export restrictions pursuant to section 744.21 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(II) any country determined by the Sec-retary of State to be a state sponsor of ter-rorism; and ‘‘(III) any country that— ‘‘(aa) is subject to a United States arms embargo, as specified in list D:5 of Country Group D in Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(bb) is specified in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(iii) I
NVESTMENT DEFINED .—For the pur-poses of this subparagraph, the term ‘invest-ment’ means the acquisition of an equity in-terest, including contingent equity interest, as further defined in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(iv) M
ATERIAL NONPUBLIC TECHNICAL IN -
FORMATION DEFINED .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of this subparagraph, and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, the term ‘ma-terial nonpublic technical information’ means information that— ‘‘(aa) could create or reveal significant vulnerabilities in United States critical in-frastructure, as specified in regulations pre-scribed by the Committee; or ‘‘(bb) could be essential to design, develop, test, produce, or manufacture critical tech-nologies, as specified in regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTION FOR FINANCIAL INFORMA -
TION.—Notwithstanding subclause (I), for the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘ma-terial nonpublic technical information’ does not include financial information regarding the performance of a United States business. ‘‘(v) R
EGULATIONS WITH RESPECT TO CRIT -
ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—For purposes of this subparagraph, regulations prescribed by the Committee regarding United States critical infrastructure shall include criteria to limit application to critical infrastructure that is likely to be of importance to the national se-curity of the United States. ‘‘(vi) U
NAFFILIATED UNITED STATES BUSI -
NESS DEFINED .—For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, with respect to an investment de-scribed under clause (i), and as further de-fined in regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee, the term ‘unaffiliated United States business’ means a United States business that is not subject to the same ultimate ownership of the foreign person undertaking the investment. ‘‘(vii) E
XEMPTION .—The President may ex-empt a country from the definition of a country of special concern under clause (ii), for up to one year at a time, upon reporting to the Committees on Financial Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Committees on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs and Foreign Relations of the Senate that the exemption is impor-tant to the national interest of the United States, with a detailed explanation of the reasons therefor. ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR AIR CARRIERS .—Sub- paragraph (B)(iii) shall not apply to a change in the rights of a person with respect to an investment involving an air carrier, as de-fined in section 40102(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that holds a certificate issued under section 41102 of that title. ‘‘(E) T
RANSFERS OF CERTAIN ASSETS PURSU -
ANT TO BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER  
DEFAULTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations to clarify that the term ‘covered transaction’ includes any transaction de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or (C) that arises pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt. ‘‘(F) D
EFINITION OF CLOSE PROXIMITY .—In prescribing regulations with respect to sub-paragraph (B)(ii)(I)(aa), the Committee shall ensure that the term ‘close proximity’ only applies to a distance or distances within which the purchase, lease, or concession of real estate could pose a national security risk in connection with a United States mili-tary installation or another facility or prop-erty of the United States Government. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT -CONTROLLED  
TRANSACTION .—The term ‘foreign govern-ment-controlled transaction’ means any cov-ered transaction that could result in control of a United States business by— ‘‘(A) a foreign government; ‘‘(B) a person controlled by or acting on be-half of a foreign government; or ‘‘(C) a foreign company or entity of a coun-try of special concern (as defined under para-graph (3)(C)(ii)) domiciled or having its prin-cipal place of business in a county of special concern that is a non-market economy, ex-cept to the extent the Committee promul-gates regulations exempting any such com-pany, entity, or country from this presump-tion.’’; (2) by amending paragraph (7) to read as follows: ‘‘(7) C
RITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .—The term ‘critical technologies’ means— ‘‘(A) defense articles or defense services covered by the United States Munitions List (USML), which is set forth in the Inter-national Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 C.F.R. parts 120–130); ‘‘(B) those items specified on the Com-merce Control List (CCL) set forth in Supple-ment No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Adminis-tration Regulations (EAR) (15 C.F.R. parts 730–774) that are controlled pursuant to mul-tilateral regimes (i.e. for reasons of national security, chemical and biological weapons proliferation, nuclear nonproliferation, or missile technology), as well as those that are controlled for reasons of regional stability or surreptitious listening; ‘‘(C) specially designed and prepared nu-clear equipment, parts and components, ma-terials, software, and technology specified in the Assistance to Foreign Atomic Energy Activities regulations (10 C.F.R. part 810), and nuclear facilities, equipment, and mate-rial specified in the Export and Import of Nuclear Equipment and Material regulations (10 C.F.R. part 110); ‘‘(D) select agents and toxins specified in the Select Agents and Toxins regulations (7 C.F.R. part 331, 9 C.F.R. part 121, and 42 C.F.R. part 73); and ‘‘(E) emerging, foundational, or other crit-ical technologies that are controlled pursu-ant to section 818 of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means— ‘‘(A) any foreign national, foreign govern-ment, or foreign entity; or ‘‘(B) any entity over which control is exer-cised or exercisable by a foreign national, foreign government, or foreign entity. ‘‘(10) SUBSTANTIAL INTEREST .—The term ‘substantial interest’ has the meaning given to such term in regulations prescribed by the Committee, but does not include a voting in-terest of less than ten percent or ownership interests held or acquired solely for the pur-pose of passive investment. ‘‘(11) U
NITED STATES BUSINESS .—The term ‘United States business’ means any entity, irrespective of the nationality of the persons that control it, engaged in interstate com-merce in the United States, but only to the extent of its activities in interstate com-merce.’’. TITLE III—IMPROVEMENTS TO THE OPER-ATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOR-EIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 301. INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE AGREEMENTS IN NOTICE. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) I
NCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE  
AGREEMENTS .—Subject to regulations pre-scribed by the Committee, the Committee may require a written notice submitted under clause (i) by a party to a covered transaction to include a copy of any partner-ship agreements, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to the trans-action.’’. 
SEC. 302. DECLARATIONS RELATING TO CERTAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 301, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) D
ECLARATIONS WITH RESPECT TO CER -
TAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) V
OLUNTARY DECLARATIONS .—For the purpose of expediting the review of certain covered transactions that the Committee de-termines are likely to pose limited risk, the Committee may prescribe regulations to per-mit parties to the transaction to submit a declaration with basic information regarding the transaction, unless the parties submit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(II) M
ANDATORY DECLARATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations to require the parties to a covered transaction to submit a declara-tion described in subclause (I) with respect to the transaction if the transaction involves an investment that results in the release of critical technologies by an unaffiliated United States business (as defined under sub-section (a)(3)(C)(vi)) to a foreign person in which a foreign government has, directly or indirectly, a substantial interest. ‘‘(bb) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS AN  
ALTERNATIVE .—Parties to a covered trans-action for which a declaration is required under this clause may instead elect to sub-mit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(cc) T
IMING OF SUBMISSION .—With respect to the regulations described under subclause (I), the Committee may not require a dec-laration to be submitted more than 45 days in advance of the completion of the trans-action. ‘‘(III) P
ENALTIES .—The Committee may im-pose a penalty pursuant to subsection (h)(3)(A) with respect to a party that fails to comply with this clause. ‘‘(IV) C
OMMITTEE RESPONSE TO DECLARA -
TION.— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a dec-laration under this clause with respect to a transaction, the Committee may, at its dis-cretion— ‘‘(AA) request that the parties to the transaction file a written notice under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5677 June 26, 2018 
clause (i), provided that the Committee in-cludes an explanation of the reasons for the request; ‘‘(BB) inform the parties to the transaction that the Committee is not able to complete action under this section with respect to the transaction on the basis of the declaration and that the parties may file a written no-tice under clause (i) to seek written notifica-tion from the Committee that the Com-mittee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; ‘‘(CC) initiate a unilateral review of the transaction under subparagraph (D); or ‘‘(DD) notify the parties in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the trans-action. ‘‘(bb) T
IMING .—The Committee shall take action under item (aa) within 30 days of re-ceiving a declaration under this clause. ‘‘(cc) R
EFILING OF DECLARATION .—The Com- mittee may not request or recommend that a declaration be withdrawn and refiled, except to permit parties to a transaction to correct material errors or omissions. ‘‘(V) R
EGULATIONS .—In prescribing regula-tions establishing requirements for declara-tions submitted under this clause, the Com-mittee shall ensure that such declarations are submitted as abbreviated notifications that do not generally exceed 5 pages in length. ‘‘(VI) I
NVESTMENT DEFINED .—For the pur-poses of this clause, the term ‘investment’ means the acquisition of an equity interest, including contingent equity interest, as fur-ther defined in regulations prescribed by the Committee.’’. (b) S
TIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS -
ACTIONS .—Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) S
TIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS -
ACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In a written notice sub-mitted under clause (i) or a declaration sub-mitted under clause (v) with respect to a transaction, a party to the transaction may— ‘‘(aa) stipulate that the transaction is a covered transaction; and ‘‘(bb) if the party stipulates that the trans-action is a covered transaction under item (aa), stipulate that the transaction is a for-eign government-controlled transaction. ‘‘(II) B
ASIS FOR STIPULATION .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) or a dec-laration submitted under clause (v) that in-cludes a stipulation under subclause (I) shall include a description of the basis for the stipulation.’’. 
SEC. 303. TIMING FOR REVIEWS AND INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘30- day’’ and inserting ‘‘45-day’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any investigation under subpara-graph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the investigation commenced. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION FOR EXTRAORDINARY CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In extraordinary cir-cumstances (as defined by the Committee in regulations), the chairperson may, at the re-quest of the head of the lead agency, extend an investigation under subparagraph (A) for not more than one 15-day period. ‘‘(II) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority of the chairperson and the head of the lead agency referred to in subclause (I) may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the dep-uty head (or equivalent thereof) of the lead agency, as the case may be. ‘‘(III) NOTIFICATION TO PARTIES .—If the Committee extends the deadline under sub-clause (I) with respect to a covered trans-action, the Committee shall notify the par-ties to the transaction of the extension.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) T
OLLING OF DEADLINES DURING LAPSE IN  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any deadline or time limi-tation under this subsection shall be tolled during a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 304. SUBMISSION OF CERTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(3)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by amending subclause (II) to read as follows: ‘‘(II) a certification that all relevant na-tional security factors, including factors enumerated in subsection (f), have received full consideration.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) A
UTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE DOCU -
MENTS .—Instead of transmitting a separate certified notice or certified report under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) with respect to each covered transaction, the Committee may, on a monthly basis, transmit such notices and reports in a consolidated document to the Members of Congress specified in clause (iii).’’. 
SEC. 305. ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) A
NALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the na-tional security of the United States posed by any covered transaction, which shall include the identification of any recognized gaps in the collection of intelligence relevant to the analysis. ‘‘(ii) V
IEWS OF INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES .— The Director shall seek and incorporate into the analysis required by clause (i) the views of all affected or appropriate intelligence agencies with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—At the request of the lead agency, the Director shall update the anal-ysis conducted under clause (i) with respect to a covered transaction with respect to which an agreement was entered into under subsection (l)(3)(A). ‘‘(iv) I
NDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY .—The Committee shall ensure that its processes under this section preserve the ability of the Director to conduct an analysis under clause (i) that is independent, objective, and con-sistent with all applicable directives, poli-cies, and analytic tradecraft standards of the intelligence community.’’. (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASIC THREAT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Committee with basic information regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by a covered transaction described in clause (ii) instead of conducting the analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
OVERED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the transaction is described in sub-section (a)(3)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) the Director of National Intelligence has completed an analysis pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) involving each foreign person that is a party to the transaction during the 12 months preceding the review or investiga-tion of the transaction under this section; or ‘‘(III) the transaction otherwise meets cri-teria agreed upon by the Committee and the Director of National Intelligence for pur-poses of this subparagraph.’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘20 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) ASSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL IM -
PACT .—The Director may provide to the Committee an assessment, separate from the analyses under subparagraphs (A) and (B), of any operational impact of a covered trans-action on the intelligence community and a description of any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate any such impact. ‘‘(G) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Com-mittee shall include the analysis required by subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction in the report required under sub-section (m)(1), subject to the requirements of subsection (m)(5).’’. 
SEC. 306. INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any information’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any information’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the disclosure of information or doc-umentary material that the party filing such information or material consented to be dis-closed to third parties.’’. 
SEC. 307. ACTION BY THE PRESIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(d)(2) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 15 days’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘with respect to a covered transaction not later than 15 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the investigation of the transaction under subsection (b) is com-pleted; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Committee oth-erwise refers the transaction to the Presi-dent under subsection (l)(4).’’. (b) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 721(h)(3)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘including any mitigation’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘including any mitigation agreement en-tered into, conditions imposed, or order issued pursuant to this section’’. 
SEC. 308. FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED. 
Section 721(f) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking the comma at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, in-cluding the availability of human resources, products, technology, materials, and other supplies and services;’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘proposed or pending’’; (3) by striking paragraph (5); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (16), respectively; (5) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (6) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) the degree to which the covered transaction is likely to threaten the ability of the United States Government to acquire or maintain the equipment and systems that are necessary for defense, intelligence, or other national security functions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5678 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(11) the potential national security-re-lated effects of the cumulative control of any one type of critical infrastructure, en-ergy asset, material, or critical technology by a foreign person; ‘‘(12) whether any foreign person that would acquire control of a United States business as a result of the covered trans-action has a history of— ‘‘(A) complying with United States laws and regulations and prior adherence, if appli-cable, to any agreement or condition, as de-scribed under (l)(1)(A); and ‘‘(B) adhering to contracts or other agree-ments with entities of the United States Government; ‘‘(13) the extent to which the covered transaction is likely to release, either di-rectly or indirectly, sensitive personal data of United States citizens to a foreign person that may exploit that information in a man-ner that threatens national security; ‘‘(14) whether the covered transaction is likely to exacerbate cybersecurity vulnerabilities or is likely to result in a for-eign government gaining a significant new capability to engage in malicious cyber-en-abled activities against the United States, including such activities designed to affect the outcome of any election for Federal of-fice; ‘‘(15) whether the covered transaction is likely to expose any information regarding sensitive national security matters or sen-sitive procedures or operations of a Federal law enforcement agency with national secu-rity responsibilities to a foreign person not authorized to receive that information; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following flush-left text: ‘‘For purposes of this subsection, the phrase ‘the availability of human resources’ shall be construed to consider potential losses of such availability resulting from reductions in the employment of United States persons whose knowledge or skills are critical to na-tional security, including the continued pro-duction in the United States of items that are likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal departments or agencies for the advancement of the national security of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 309. MITIGATION AND OTHER ACTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO ADDRESS NA-TIONAL SECURITY RISKS. 
Section 721(l) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(l)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘I
N GEN -
ERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GREEMENTS AND CON -
DITIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Committee’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee’’; (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) A
BANDONMENT OF TRANSACTIONS .—If a party to a covered transaction has volun-tarily chosen to abandon the transaction, the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to the covered transaction for pur-poses of effectuating such abandonment and mitigating any threat to the national secu-rity of the United States that arises as a re-sult of the covered transaction. ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS RELAT -
ING TO COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS .—The Com-mittee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and en-force any agreement or condition with any party to a completed covered transaction in order to mitigate any interim threat to the national security of the United States that may arise as a result of the covered trans-action until such time that the Committee has completed action pursuant to subsection (b) or the President has taken action pursu-ant to subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’; (B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF OUTDATED AGREEMENTS  
OR CONDITIONS .—The chairperson and the head of any applicable lead agency shall pe-riodically review the appropriateness of an agreement or condition described under sub-paragraph (A) and terminate, phase out, or otherwise amend any agreement or condition if a threat no longer requires mitigation through the agreement or condition.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
IMITATIONS .—An agreement may not be entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction unless the Committee deter-mines that the agreement or condition re-solves the national security concerns posed by the transaction, taking into consider-ation whether the agreement or condition is reasonably calculated to— ‘‘(i) be effective; ‘‘(ii) allow for compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition in an appro-priately verifiable way; and ‘‘(iii) enable effective monitoring of com-pliance with and enforcement of the terms of the agreement or condition. ‘‘(D) J
URISDICTION .—The provisions of sec-tion 706(b) shall apply to any mitigation agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EFERRAL TO PRESIDENT .—The Com-mittee may, at any time during the review or investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b), complete the action of the Committee with respect to the trans-action and refer the transaction to the Presi-dent for action pursuant to subsection (d). ‘‘(5) R
ISK-BASED ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any determination of the Committee to refer a covered trans-action to the President under paragraph (4), to suspend a covered transaction under para-graph (6), or to negotiate, enter into, impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to a covered transaction, shall be based on a risk-based analysis, conducted by the Committee, of the effects on the national security of the United States of the covered transaction, which shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the threat, vulnerabilities, and consequences to national security resulting from the transaction, as these terms are defined or clarified in guid-ance and regulations issued by the Com-mittee; and ‘‘(ii) an identification of each relevant fac-tor described in subsection (f) that the trans-action may substantially implicate. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a covered transaction with respect to which an agree-ment or condition is entered into under para-graph (1)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, shall formulate, adhere to, and keep updated a plan for monitoring compliance with the agreement or condition. ‘‘(ii) E
LEMENTS .—Each plan required by clause (i) with respect to an agreement or condition entered into under paragraph (1)(A) shall include an explanation of— ‘‘(I) which member of the Committee will have primary responsibility for monitoring compliance with the agreement or condition; ‘‘(II) how compliance with the agreement or condition will be monitored; ‘‘(III) how frequently compliance reviews will be conducted; ‘‘(IV) whether an independent entity will be utilized under subparagraph (D) to con-duct compliance reviews; and ‘‘(V) what actions will be taken if the par-ties fail to cooperate regarding monitoring compliance with the agreement or condition. ‘‘(C) EFFECT OF LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If, at any time after a mitigation agreement or condition is entered into or imposed under paragraph (1)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, determines that a party or parties to the agreement or condi-tion are not in compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition, the Committee or lead agency may, in addition to the au-thority of the Committee to impose pen-alties pursuant to subsection (h)(3)(A) and to unilaterally initiate a review of any covered transaction under subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)(I)— ‘‘(i) negotiate a plan of action for the party or parties to remediate the lack of compli-ance, with failure to abide by the plan or otherwise remediate the lack of compliance serving as the basis for the Committee to find a material breach of the agreement or condition; ‘‘(ii) require that the party or parties sub-mit any covered transaction initiated after the date of the determination of noncompli-ance and before the date that is 5 years after the date of the determination to the Com-mittee for review under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iii) seek injunctive relief. ‘‘(D) U
SE OF INDEPENDENT ENTITIES TO MON -
ITOR COMPLIANCE .—If the parties to an agree-ment or condition entered into under para-graph (1)(A) enter into a contract with an independent entity from outside the United States Government for the purpose of moni-toring compliance with the agreement or condition, the Committee shall take such ac-tion as is necessary to prevent any signifi-cant conflict of interest from arising with re-spect to the entity and the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(E) S
UCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS .—Any agree-ment or condition entered or imposed under paragraph (1)(A) shall be considered binding on all successors and assigns, unless and until the agreement or condition terminates on its own terms or is otherwise terminated by the Committee in the Committee’s sole discretion. ‘‘(F) A
DDITIONAL COMPLIANCE MEASURES .— Subject to subparagraphs (A) through (D), the Committee shall develop and agree upon methods for evaluating compliance with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction that will allow the Committee to adequately en-sure compliance without unnecessarily di-verting Committee resources from assessing any new covered transaction for which a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) has been filed or for which a dec-laration has been submitted under clause (v) of subsection (b)(1)(C), and if necessary, reaching a mitigation agreement with or im-posing a condition on a party to such cov-ered transaction or any covered transaction for which a review has been reopened for any reason. ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee, acting through the chairperson, may suspend a proposed or pending covered transaction that may pose a risk to the na-tional security of the United States for such time as the covered transaction is under re-view or investigation under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 310. CERTIFICATION OF NOTICES AND IN-FORMATION. 
Section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(n)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Each notice’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each notice’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5679 June 26, 2018 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO SUBMIT .—The Committee may not complete a review under this section of a covered transaction and may recommend to the President that the President suspend or prohibit the trans-action or require divestment under sub-section (d) if the Committee determines that a party to the transaction has— ‘‘(A) failed to submit a statement required by paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) included false or misleading informa-tion in a notice or information described in paragraph (1) or omitted material informa-tion from such notice or information. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF LAW ON FRAUD AND  
FALSE STATEMENTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations expressly providing for the application of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, to all information pro-vided to the Committee under this section by any party to a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 311. ADDITIONAL REGULATIONS. 
Section 721(h)(3) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide that in connection with any national security review or investigation of a covered transaction conducted by the Com-mittee, the Committee should— ‘‘(i) consider the factors described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (f); and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, require parties to pro-vide the information necessary to consider such factors.’’. TITLE IV—MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT 
SEC. 401. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT. 
Section 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A list of all notices filed and all re-views or investigations of covered trans-actions completed during the period, with— ‘‘(i) a description of the outcome of each review or investigation, including whether an agreement was entered into or condition was imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) with respect to the transaction being reviewed or investigated, and whether the President took any action under this section with respect to that transaction; ‘‘(ii) the nature of the business activities or products of the United States business with which the transaction was entered into or intended to be entered into; ‘‘(iii) information about any withdrawal from the process; and ‘‘(iv) the mean and median number of days required to complete reviews and investiga-tions during the period.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to as-sist’’ and inserting ‘‘
CRITICAL TECH -
NOLOGIES .—In order to assist’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesig-nated, 2 ems to the left; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS OF REPORT .— Each annual report required under paragraph (1) shall contain the following additional in-formation: ‘‘(A) Statistics on compliance reviews con-ducted and actions taken by the Committee under subsection (l)(6), including subpara-graph (D) of that subsection (l)(6), during that period and a description of any actions taken by the Committee to impose penalties or initiate a unilateral review pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)(I). ‘‘(B) Cumulative and trend information on the number of declarations filed under sub-section (b)(1)(C)(v), the actions taken by the Committee in response to declarations, the business sectors involved in the declarations which have been made, the countries in-volved in such declarations, and the mean and median number of days required to re-spond to such declarations, as described in subsection (b)(1)(C)(v)(IV), during that pe-riod. ‘‘(C) The number of new hires made since the preceding report through the authorities described under subsection (q), along with summary statistics, position titles, and asso-ciated pay grades for such hires and a sum-mary of such hires’ responsibilities in ad-ministering this section. ‘‘(5) CLASSIFICATION ; AVAILABILITY OF RE -
PORT .— ‘‘(A) C
LASSIFICATION .—All appropriate por-tions of the annual report required by para-graph (1) may be classified. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF UNCLASSIFIED  
VERSION .—An unclassified version of the re-port required by paragraph (1), as appro-priate and consistent with safeguarding na-tional security and privacy, shall be made available to the public. Information regard-ing trade secrets or business confidential in-formation may be included in the classified version and may not be made available to the public in the unclassified version. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTIONS TO FREEDOM OF INFORMA -
TION ACT .—The exceptions to subsection (a) of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, provided for under subsection (b) of that sec-tion shall apply with respect to the report required by paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 402. REPORT ON TRANSACTIONS WITH CEN-SORSHIP IMPLICATIONS. 
Not later than one year from the date of enactment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall issue a report to the Congress, appro-priate portions of which may be classified, on investments by foreign persons into the entertainment and information sectors of the United States, which shall include anal-ysis of the extent to which such investments have resulted in or could result in direct or indirect censorship, including self-censor-ship, within the United States. 
SEC. 403. NOTICE TO CONGRESS BY THE COM-MITTEE. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 503, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS BY THE COM-
MITTEE .—If the Committee recommends that the President suspend or prohibit a covered transaction because such transaction threat-ens to impair the national security of the United States, the Committee shall, in the classified version of the annual report de-scribed under subsection (m), notify Con-gress of each such recommendation and, upon request, provide a classified briefing on the recommendation.’’. TITLE V—RESOURCES, SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY, AND OUTREACH 
SEC. 501. CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-MITTEE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) C
ENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-
MITTEE FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with the Committee, may cen-tralize certain functions of the Committee within the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of enhancing interagency coordi-nation and collaboration in carrying out the functions of the Committee under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as lim-iting the authority of any department or agency represented on the Committee to rep-resent its own interests before the Com-mittee.’’. 
SEC. 502. CFIUS RESOURCE NEEDS. 
(a) U NIFIED BUDGET REQUEST .—Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 501, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) U
NIFIED BUDGET REQUEST ; A NNUAL  S
PENDING PLAN.— ‘‘(1) U
NIFIED BUDGET REQUEST .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President may in-clude, in the budget of the Department of the Treasury for a fiscal year (as submitted to Congress with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), a unified request for funding of all operations under this section conducted by all of the departments and agencies rep-resented on the Committee. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF BUDGET REQUEST .—A unified request under subparagraph (A) shall be de-tailed and include the amounts and staffing levels requested for each department or agency represented on the Committee to carry out the functions of that department or agency under this section. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL SPENDING PLAN .—Not later than 90 days following the date of enactment of this subsection, and annually thereafter, the chairperson of the Committee shall transmit to the Committees on Appropria-tions and Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Ap-propriations and Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a detailed spend-ing plan to expeditiously meet the require-ments of subsections (b), (l), and (m), includ-ing estimated expenditures and staffing lev-els required by operations of the Committee for not less than the following fiscal year at each of the Committee’s member agencies. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The chairperson may waive the reporting requirement under paragraph (2) with respect to a fiscal year for which a unified budget request described under para-graph (1) has been submitted.’’. (b) S
PECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) S
PECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—The heads of the departments and agencies rep-resented on the Committee may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, candidates directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of that title) in their respective depart-ments and agencies to administer this sec-tion.’’. (c) T
ESTIMONY REQUIRED .—Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by subsection (d), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(r) T
ESTIMONY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After submitting the unified budget request described under sub-section (p)(1), or the spending plan described under subsection (p)(2), as the case may be, but not later than March 31 of each year, the chairperson, or the chairperson’s designee, shall appear before the Committee on Finan-cial Services of the House of Representatives and present testimony on— ‘‘(A) anticipated resources necessary for operations of the Committee in the following fiscal year at each of the Committee’s mem-ber agencies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5680 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(B) the adequacy of appropriations for the Committee in the current and the previous fiscal year to— ‘‘(i) ensure that thorough reviews and in-vestigations are completed as expeditiously as possible; ‘‘(ii) monitor and enforce mitigation agree-ments; and ‘‘(iii) identify covered transactions for which a notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of subsection (b)(1)(C) was not submitted to the Committee; ‘‘(C) management efforts to strengthen the ability of the Committee to meet the re-quirements of this section; and ‘‘(D) activities of the Committee under-taken in order to— ‘‘(i) educate the business community, with a particular focus on the technology sector and other sectors of importance to national security, on the goals and operations of the Committee; ‘‘(ii) disseminate to the governments of United States allies best practices of the Committee that— ‘‘(I) strengthen national security reviews of relevant investment transactions; and ‘‘(II) expedite such reviews when appro-priate; and ‘‘(iii) promote openness to foreign invest-ment, consistent with national security con-siderations. ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—This subsection shall have no force or effect on the date that is 7 years following the date of enactment of the For-eign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 503. FUNDING. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 603, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the chairperson. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  
THE COMMITTEE .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 $20,000,000 to perform the functions of the Committee. ‘‘(3) F
ILING FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may as-sess and collect a fee in an amount deter-mined by the Committee in regulations, without regard to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and subject to subpara-graph (B), with respect to each covered transaction for which a written notice is submitted to the Committee under sub-section (b)(1)(C)(i) or a declaration is sub-mitted to the Committee under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a covered transaction— ‘‘(I) may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) 1 percent of the value of the trans-action; or ‘‘(bb) $300,000, as such amount is adjusted annually for inflation pursuant to regula-tions prescribed by the Committee; and ‘‘(II) shall be determined by the Committee after taking into consideration— ‘‘(aa) the effect of the fee on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(bb) the expenses of the Committee asso-ciated with conducting activities under this section; ‘‘(cc) the effect of the fee on foreign invest-ment; ‘‘(dd) the unified budget request or annual spending plan, as appropriate, described in section 502 of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018; and ‘‘(ee) such other matters as the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) UPDATES .—The Committee shall peri-odically reconsider and adjust the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to en-sure that the amount of the fee remains ap-propriate. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, fees collected under sub-paragraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be deposited into the Fund for use in carrying out activities under this section; ‘‘(ii) to the extent and in the amounts pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, be available to the chairperson; ‘‘(iii) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(iv) be in addition to any appropriations made available to the members of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the chairperson may transfer any amounts in the Fund to any other department or agency represented on the Committee for the purpose of addressing emerging needs in car-rying out activities under this section. Amounts so transferred shall be in addition to any other amounts available to that de-partment or agency for that purpose.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS FIRRMA PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 721(d)(4)(A) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘the foreign interest exercising control’’ and inserting ‘‘a foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States business or its assets as a re-sult of the covered transaction’’. 
SEC. 602. REGULATORY CERTAINTY FOR UNITED STATES BUSINESSES. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 502, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) R
EGULATORY CERTAINTY FOR UNITED  S
TATES BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to miti-gating a national security risk that results from a foreign person’s investment in, or joint venture with, a United States business, a member agency of the Committee may not prescribe or implement regulations to re-quire divestment by, or of, the United States business, unless— ‘‘(A) the regulations are prescribed under this section or pursuant to authorities of the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act; or ‘‘(B) the President reports to Congress in writing that the regulations— ‘‘(i) are, wherever applicable, consistent with regulations prescribed under this sec-tion, including any such regulations per-taining to— ‘‘(I) foreign control or influence over a United States business; ‘‘(II) the identification of emerging, foundational, or other critical technologies; and ‘‘(III) confidentiality requirements with re-spect to information and documentary mate-rial regarding United States businesses; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of regulations prescribed or finalized following the effective date of this subsection, were prescribed in consulta-tion with the chairperson of the Committee and with the head of any member agency de-termined by the President to be affected by the regulations. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION FOR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an ac-tion by a member agency if the head of the member agency determines that such action is necessary for procurement purposes of the agency or for matters related to the manage-ment of the agency’s supply chain.’’. 
SEC. 603. COOPERATION WITH UNITED STATES ALLIES AND PARTNERS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 602, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) C
OOPERATION WITHUNITED STATES AL-
LIES AND PARTNERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with other members of the Com-mittee, is authorized to lead a formal process for the regular exchange of information with governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States, in the discre-tion of the chairperson, to protect the na-tional security of the United States and those countries. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process described under paragraph (1) shall, in the discretion of the chairperson— ‘‘(A) be designed to facilitate the harmoni-zation of action with respect to trends in in-vestment and technology that could pose risks to the national security of the United States and countries that are allies or part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(B) provide for the sharing of information with respect to specific technologies and en-tities acquiring such technologies as appro-priate to ensure national security; and ‘‘(C) include consultations and meetings with representatives of the governments of such countries on a recurring basis.’’. TITLE VII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF 
SEC. 701. DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding any effective date set forth in the rule issued by the National Cred-it Union Administration titled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 66626 (Oc-tober 29, 2015)), such final rule shall take ef-fect on January 1, 2021. TITLE VIII—EXPORT CONTROL REFORM 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Export Con-trol Reform Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 802. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
ONTROLLED .—The term ‘‘controlled’’ refers to an item subject to the jurisdiction of the United States under subtitle A. (2) D
UAL-USE.—The term ‘‘dual-use’’, with respect to an item, means the item has civil-ian applications and military, terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, or law-enforce-ment-related applications. (3) E
XPORT .—The term ‘‘export’’, with re-spect to an item subject to controls under subtitle A, includes— (A) the shipment or transmission of the item out of the United States, including the sending or taking of the item out of the United States, in any manner; and (B) the release or transfer of technology or source code relating to the item to a foreign person in the United States. (4) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regula-tions’’ means— (A) the Export Administration Regulations as promulgated, maintained, and amended under the authority of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and codi-fied, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, in subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) regulations that are promulgated, maintained, and amended under the author-ity of subtitle A on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5681 June 26, 2018 
(5) F OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means— (A) any natural person who is not a lawful permanent resident of the United States, cit-izen of the United States, or any other pro-tected individual (as such term is defined in section 274B(a)(3) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)); (B) any corporation, business association, partnership, trust, society or any other enti-ty or group that is not incorporated in the United States or organized to do business in the United States, as well as international organizations, foreign governments and any agency or subdivision of a foreign govern-ment (e.g., diplomatic mission). (6) I
TEM.—The term ‘‘item’’ means a com-modity, software, or technology. (7) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) a natural person; (B) a corporation, business association, partnership, society, trust, financial institu-tion, insurer, underwriter, guarantor, and any other business organization, any other nongovernmental entity, organization, or group, or any government or agency thereof; and (C) any successor to any entity described in subparagraph (B). (8) R
EEXPORT .—The term ‘‘reexport’’, with respect to an item subject to controls under subtitle A, includes— (A) the shipment or transmission of the item from a foreign country to another for-eign country, including the sending or tak-ing of the item from the foreign country to the other foreign country, in any manner; and (B) the release or transfer of technology or source code relating to the item to a foreign person outside the United States. (9) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise pro-vided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Commerce. (10) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘technology’’ includes foundational information and infor-mation and know-how necessary for the de-velopment (at all stages prior to serial pro-duction), production, use, operation, instal-lation, maintenance, repair, overhaul or re-furbishing of an item. (11) T
RANSFER .—The term ‘‘transfer’’, with respect to an item subject to controls under title I, means a change in the end-use or end user of the item within the same foreign country. (12) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the several States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. (13) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) for purposes of subtitles A and C— (i) any individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the United States or who is an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 274B(a)(3) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)); (ii) a corporation or other legal entity which is organized under the laws of the United States, any State or territory there-of, or the District of Columbia; and (iii) any person in the United States; and (B) for purposes of subtitle B, any United States resident or national (other than an individual resident outside the United States and employed by other than a United States person), any domestic concern (including any permanent domestic establishment of any foreign concern) and any foreign sub-sidiary or affiliate (including any permanent foreign establishment) of any domestic con-cern which is controlled in fact by such do-mestic concern, as determined under regula-tions by the Secretary. (14) WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘weapons of mass destruction’’ means nuclear, radiological, chemical, and biologi-cal weapons and delivery systems for such weapons. Subtitle A—Authority and Administration of Controls 
SEC. 811. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Export Controls Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 812. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
The following is the policy of the United States: (1) To use export controls only after full consideration of the impact on the economy of the United States and only to the extent necessary— (A) to restrict the exports of items which would make a significant contribution to the military potential of any other country or combination of countries which would prove detrimental to the national security of the United States; and (B) to restrict the export of items if nec-essary to further significantly the foreign policy of the United States or to fulfill its declared international obligations. (2) The national security and foreign policy of the United States require that the export, reexport, and transfer of items, and specific activities of United States persons, wherever located, be controlled for the following pur-poses: (A) To control the release of items for use in— (i) the proliferation of weapons of mass de-struction or of conventional weapons; (ii) the acquisition of destabilizing num-bers or types of conventional weapons; (iii) acts of terrorism; (iv) military programs that could pose a threat to the security of the United States or its allies; or (v) activities undertaken specifically to cause significant interference with or disrup-tion of critical infrastructure. (B) To preserve the qualitative military su-periority of the United States. (C) To strengthen the United States indus-trial base. (D) To carry out the foreign policy of the United States, including the protection of human rights and the promotion of democ-racy. (E) To carry out obligations and commit-ments under international agreements and arrangements, including multilateral export control regimes. (F) To facilitate military interoperability between the United States and its North At-lantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and other close allies. (G) To ensure national security controls are tailored to focus on those core tech-nologies and other items that are capable of being used to pose a serious national secu-rity threat to the United States. (3) The national security of the United States requires that the United States main-tain its leadership in the science, tech-nology, engineering, and manufacturing sec-tors, including foundational technology that is essential to innovation. Such leadership requires that United States persons are com-petitive in global markets. The impact of the implementation of this subtitle on such lead-ership and competitiveness must be evalu-ated on an ongoing basis and applied in im-posing controls under sections 813 and 814 to avoid negatively affecting such leadership. (4) The national security and foreign policy of the United States require that the United States participate in multilateral organiza-tions and agreements regarding export con-trols on items that are consistent with the policy of the United States, and take all the necessary steps to secure the adoption and consistent enforcement, by the governments of such countries, of export controls on items that are consistent with such policy. (5) Export controls should be coordinated with the multilateral export control re-gimes. Export controls that are multilateral are most effective, and should be tailored to focus on those core technologies and other items that are capable of being used to pose a serious national security threat to the United States and its allies. (6) Export controls applied unilaterally to items widely available from foreign sources generally are less effective in preventing end-users from acquiring those items. Appli-cation of unilateral export controls should be limited for purposes of protecting specific United States national security and foreign policy interests. (7) The effective administration of export controls requires a clear understanding both inside and outside the United States Govern-ment of which items are controlled and an efficient process should be created to update the controls, such as by adding or removing such items. (8) The export control system must ensure that it is transparent, predictable, and time-ly, has the flexibility to be adapted to ad-dress new threats in the future, and allows seamless access to and sharing of export con-trol information among all relevant United States national security and foreign policy agencies. (9) Implementation and enforcement of United States export controls require robust capabilities in monitoring, intelligence, and investigation, appropriate penalties for vio-lations, and the ability to swiftly interdict unapproved transfers. (10) Export controls complement and are a critical element of the national security policies underlying the laws and regulations governing foreign direct investment in the United States, including controlling the transfer of critical technologies to certain foreign persons. Thus, the President, in co-ordination with the Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Sec-retary of Energy, and the heads of other Fed-eral agencies, as appropriate, should have a regular and robust process to identify the emerging and other types of critical tech-nologies of concern and regulate their re-lease to foreign persons as warranted regard-less of the nature of the underlying trans-action. Such identification efforts should draw upon the resources and expertise of all relevant parts of the United States Govern-ment, industry, and academia. These efforts should be in addition to traditional efforts to modernize and update the lists of controlled items under the multilateral export control regimes. (11) The authority under this subtitle may be exercised only in furtherance of all of the objectives set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10). 
SEC. 813. AUTHORITY OF THE PRESIDENT. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—In order to carry out the policy set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 812, the President shall con-trol— (1) the export, reexport, and transfer of items subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, whether by United States per-sons or by foreign persons; and (2) the activities of United States persons, wherever located, relating to specific— (A) nuclear explosive devices; (B) missiles; (C) chemical or biological weapons; (D) whole plants for chemical weapons pre-cursors; (E) foreign maritime nuclear projects; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5682 June 26, 2018 
(F) foreign military intelligence services. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In exercising author-ity under this subtitle to carry out the pol-icy set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 812, the President shall— (1) regulate the export, reexport, and transfer of items described in subsection (a)(1) of United States persons or foreign per-sons; (2) regulate the activities described in sub-section (a)(2) of United States persons, wher-ever located; (3) secure the cooperation of other govern-ments and multilateral organizations to im-pose control systems that are consistent, to the extent possible, with the controls im-posed under subsection (a); (4) maintain the leadership of the United States in science, engineering, technology research and development, manufacturing, and foundational technology that is essen-tial to innovation; (5) protect United States technological ad-vances by prohibiting unauthorized tech-nology transfers to foreign persons in the United States or outside the United States, particularly with respect to countries that may pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States; (6) strengthen the United States industrial base, both with respect to current and future defense requirements; and (7) enforce the controls through means such as regulations, requirements for com-pliance, lists of controlled items, lists of for-eign persons who threaten the national secu-rity or foreign policy of the United States, and guidance in a form that facilitates com-pliance by United States persons and foreign persons, in particular academic institutions, scientific and research establishments, and small- and medium-sized businesses. (c) A
PPLICATION OF CONTROLS .—The Presi-dent shall impose controls over the export, reexport, or transfer of items for purposes of the objectives described in subsections (b)(1) or (b)(2) without regard to the nature of the underlying transaction or any circumstances pertaining to the activity, including whether such export, reexport, or transfer occurs pur-suant to a purchase order or other contract requirement, voluntary decision, inter-com-pany arrangement, marketing effort, or dur-ing a joint venture, joint development agree-ment, or similar collaborative agreement. 
SEC. 814. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-title on behalf of the President, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Energy, and the heads of other Fed-eral agencies as appropriate, shall— (1) establish and maintain a list of items that are controlled under this subtitle; (2) establish and maintain a list of foreign persons and end-uses that are determined to be a threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States pursuant to the policy set forth in section 812(2)(A); (3) prohibit unauthorized exports, reex-ports, and transfers of controlled items, in-cluding to foreign persons in the United States or outside the United States; (4) restrict exports, reexports, and trans-fers of any controlled items to any foreign person or end-use listed under paragraph (2); (5) require licenses or other authorizations, as appropriate, for exports, reexports, and transfers of controlled items, including im-posing conditions or restrictions on United States persons and foreign persons with re-spect to such licenses or other authoriza-tions; (6) establish a process for an assessment to determine whether a foreign item is com-parable in quality to an item controlled under this subtitle, and is available in suffi-cient quantities to render the United States export control of that item or the denial of a license ineffective, including a mechanism to address that disparity; (7) require measures for compliance with the export controls established under this subtitle; (8) require and obtain such information from United States persons and foreign per-sons as is necessary to carry out this sub-title; (9) require, to the extent feasible, identi-fication of items subject to controls under this subtitle in order to facilitate the en-forcement of such controls; (10) inspect, search, detain, or seize, or im-pose temporary denial orders with respect to items, in any form, that are subject to con-trols under this subtitle, or conveyances on which it is believed that there are items that have been, are being, or are about to be ex-ported, reexported, or transferred in viola-tion of this subtitle; (11) monitor shipments, or other means of transfer; (12) keep the public fully apprised of changes in policy, regulations, and proce-dures established under this subtitle; (13) appoint technical advisory committees in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act; (14) create, as warranted, exceptions to li-censing requirements in order to further the objectives of this subtitle; (15) establish and maintain processes to in-form persons, either individually by specific notice or through amendment to any regula-tion or order issued under this subtitle, that a license from the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce is required to export; and (16) undertake any other action as is nec-essary to carry out this subtitle that is not otherwise prohibited by law. (b) RELATIONSHIP TO IEEPA.—The author-ity under this subtitle may not be used to regulate or prohibit under this subtitle the export, reexport, or transfer of any item that may not be regulated or prohibited under section 203(b) of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)), except to the extent the President has made a determination necessary to im-pose controls under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (2) of such section. (c) C
OUNTRIES SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL  T
ERRORISM .— (1) C
OMMERCE LICENSE REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A license shall be re-quired for the export, reexport, or transfer of items, the control of which is implemented pursuant to subsection (a) by the Secretary, to a country if the Secretary of State has made the following determinations: (i) The government of such country has re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism. (ii) The export, reexport, or transfer of such items could make a significant con-tribution to the military potential of such country, including its military logistics ca-pability, or could enhance the ability of such country to support acts of international ter-rorism. (B) D
ETERMINATION UNDER OTHER PROVI -
SIONS OF LAW .—A determination of the Sec-retary of State under section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law that the government of a country de-scribed in subparagraph (A) has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism shall be deemed to be a determina-tion with respect to such government for purposes of clause (i) of subparagraph (A). (2) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate at least 30 days before any license is issued as required by paragraph (1). (B) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary of State shall include in the notification required under subparagraph (A)— (i) a detailed description of the items to be offered, including a brief description of the capabilities of any item for which a license to export, reexport, or transfer the items is sought; (ii) the reasons why the foreign country, person, or entity to which the export, reex-port, or transfer is proposed to be made has requested the items under the export, reex-port, or transfer, and a description of the manner in which such country, person, or en-tity intends to use such items; (iii) the reasons why the proposed export, reexport, or transfer is in the national inter-est of the United States; (iv) an analysis of the impact of the pro-posed export, reexport, or transfer on the military capabilities of the foreign country, person, or entity to which such transfer would be made; (v) an analysis of the manner in which the proposed export, reexport, or transfer would affect the relative military strengths of countries in the region to which the items that are the subject of such export, reexport, or transfer would be delivered and whether other countries in the region have com-parable kinds and amounts of items; and (vi) an analysis of the impact of the pro-posed export, reexport, or transfer on the re-lations of the United States with the coun-tries in the region to which the items that are the subject of such export, reexport, or transfer would be delivered. (3) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— Each determination of the Secretary of State under paragraph (1)(A)(i) shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register, except that the Secretary of State may exclude confiden-tial information and trade secrets contained in such determination. (4) R
ESCISSION OF DETERMINATION .—A deter- mination of the Secretary of State under paragraph (1)(A)(i) may not be rescinded un-less the President submits to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the chairman of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the chair-man of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate— (A) before the proposed rescission would take effect, a report certifying that— (i) there has been a fundamental change in the leadership and policies of the govern-ment of the country concerned; (ii) that government is not supporting acts of international terrorism; and (iii) that government has provided assur-ances that it will not support acts of inter-national terrorism in the future; or (B) at least 90 days before the proposed re-scission would take effect, a report justi-fying the rescission and certifying that— (i) the government concerned has not pro-vided any support for acts international ter-rorism during the preceding 24-month period; and (ii) the government concerned has provided assurances that it will not support acts of international terrorism in the future. (5) D
ISAPPROVAL OF RESCISSION .—No rescis-sion under paragraph (4)(B) of a determina-tion under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to the government of a country may be made if Congress, within 90 days after receipt of a re-port under paragraph (4)(B), enacts a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5683 June 26, 2018 
resolution described in subsection (f)(2) of section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act with respect to a rescission under subsection (f)(1) of such section with respect to the gov-ernment of such country. (6) N
OTIFICATION AND BRIEFING .—Not later than— (A) ten days after initiating a review of the activities of the government of the country concerned within the 24-month period re-ferred to in paragraph (4)(B)(i), the Secretary of State shall notify the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate of such initiation; and (B) 20 days after the notification described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall brief the congressional committees described in paragraph (1) on the status of such review. (7) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) that a li-cense shall be required for the export, reex-port, or transfer of items, the control of which is implemented pursuant to subsection (a) by the Secretary, to a country if the President— (A) determines that to do so is essential to the national security interests of the United States; and (B) consults with the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate not less than 15 days prior to the waiver taking ef-fect. (d) E
NHANCED CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In furtherance of section 813(a), the President shall, except to the ex-tent authorized by a statute or regulation administered by a Federal department or agency other than the Department of Com-merce, require a United States person, wher-ever located, to apply for and receive a li-cense from the Department of Commerce for— (A) the export, reexport, or transfer of items described in paragraph (2), including items that are not subject to control under this subtitle; and (B) other activities that may support the design, development, production, use, oper-ation, installation, maintenance, repair, overhaul, or refurbishing of, or for the per-formance of services relating to, any such items. (2) I
TEMS DESCRIBED .—The items described in this paragraph include— (A) nuclear explosive devices; (B) missiles; (C) chemical or biological weapons; (D) whole plants for chemical weapons pre-cursors; and (E) foreign maritime nuclear projects that would pose a risk to the national security or foreign policy of the United States. (e) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS .—The Sec-retary may inform United States persons, ei-ther individually by specific notice or through amendment to any regulation or order issued under this subtitle, that a li-cense from the Bureau of Industry and Secu-rity of the Department of Commerce is re-quired to engage in any activity if the activ-ity involves the types of movement, service, or support described in subsection (d). The absence of any such notification does not ex-cuse the United States person from compli-ance with the license requirements of sub-section (d), or any regulation or order issued under this subtitle. (f) L
ICENSE REVIEW STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary shall deny an application to engage in any activity described in subsection (d) if the activity would make a material con-tribution to any of the items described in subsection (d)(2). SEC. 815. ADMINISTRATION OF EXPORT CON-TROLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall rely on, including through delegations, as appro-priate, to the Secretary, the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, the Director of National Intel-ligence, and the heads of other Federal agen-cies as appropriate, to exercise the authority to carry out the purposes set forth in sub-section (b). (b) P
URPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The purposes of this sec-tion include to— (A) advise the President with respect to— (i) identifying specific threats to the na-tional security and foreign policy that the authority of this subtitle may be used to ad-dress; and (ii) exercising the authority under this subtitle to implement policies, regulations, procedures, and actions that are necessary to effectively counteract those threats; (B) review and approve— (i) criteria for including items on, and re-moving such an item from, a list of con-trolled items established under this subtitle; (ii) an interagency procedure for compiling and amending any list described in clause (i); (iii) criteria for including a person on a list of persons to whom exports, reexports, and transfers of items are prohibited or re-stricted under this subtitle; (iv) standards for compliance by persons subject to controls under this subtitle; and (v) policies and procedures for the end-use monitoring of exports, reexports, and trans-fers of items controlled under this subtitle; (C) obtain independent evaluations, includ-ing from Inspectors General of the relevant departments or agencies, on a periodic basis on the effectiveness of the implementation of this subtitle in carrying out the policy set forth in section 812; and (D) benefit from the inherent equities, ex-perience, and capabilities of the Federal offi-cials described in subsection (a), including— (i) the views of the Department of Defense with respect to the national security impli-cations of a particular control or decision; (ii) the views of the Department of State with respect to foreign policy implications of a particular control or decision, including views relating to national security; (iii) the views of the Department of Energy with respect to the implications for nuclear proliferation of a particular control or deci-sion; (iv) the views of the Department of Com-merce with respect to the administration of an efficient, coherent, reliable, enforceable, and predictable export control system, in-cluding views relating to national security, and the resolution of competing views or pol-icy objectives described in section 812; and (v) the views of other Federal agencies, in-cluding the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and the Department of Justice, with re-spect to enforceability of a particular con-trol or decision. (2) T
RANSMITTAL AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  
EVALUATIONS .—The results of the inde-pendent evaluations conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(C) shall be transmitted to the President and the Congress, in classified form if necessary. Subject to the delegation of authority by the President, the Federal officials described in subsection (a) shall de-termine, direct, and ensure that improve-ments recommended in the evaluations are implemented. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the administration of export controls under this subtitle should be con-sistent with the procedures relating to ex-port license applications described in Execu-tive Order 12981 (1995). SEC. 816. LICENSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, as set forth in section 815(a), establish a proce-dure for the Department of Commerce to li-cense or otherwise authorize the export, re-export, and transfer of items controlled under this subtitle in order to carry out the policy set forth in section 812 and the re-quirements set forth in section 813(b). The procedure shall ensure that— (1) license applications and other requests for authorization are considered and deci-sions made with the participation of appro-priate Federal agencies, as appropriate; and (2) licensing decisions are made in an expe-ditious manner, with transparency to appli-cants on the status of license and other au-thorization processing and the reason for de-nying any license or request for authoriza-tion. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should make best efforts to ensure that an accurate, con-sistent, and timely evaluation and proc-essing of licenses or other requests for au-thorization to export, reexport, or transfer items controlled under this subtitle is gen-erally accomplished within 30 days from the date of such license request. (c) F
EES.—No fee may be charged in con-nection with the submission, processing, or consideration of any application for a license or other authorization or other request made in connection with any regulation in effect under the authority of this subtitle. (d) A
DDITIONAL PROCEDURAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The procedure required under subsection (a) shall provide for the as-sessment of the impact of a proposed export of an item on the United States defense in-dustrial base and the denial of an application for a license or a request for an authoriza-tion of any export that would have a signifi-cant negative impact on such defense indus-trial base, as described in paragraph (3). (2) I
NFORMATION FROM APPLICANT .—The procedure required under subsection (a) shall also require an applicant for a license to pro-vide the information necessary to make the assessment provided under paragraph (1), in-cluding whether the purpose or effect of the export is to allow for the significant produc-tion of items relevant for the defense indus-trial base outside the United States. (3) S
IGNIFICANTLY NEGATIVE IMPACT DE -
FINED .—A significant negative impact on the United States defense industrial base is the following: (A) A reduction in the availability of an item produced in the United States that is likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States, or for the pro-duction of an item in the United States for the Department of Defense or other agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States. (B) A reduction in the production in the United States of an item that is the result of research and development carried out, or funded by, the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency to ad-vance the national security of the United States, or a federally funded research and de-velopment center. (C) A reduction in the employment of United States persons whose knowledge and skills are necessary for the continued pro-duction in the United States of an item that is likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5684 June 26, 2018 
SEC. 817. COMPLIANCE ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S YSTEM FOR SEEKING ASSISTANCE .—The President may authorize the Secretary to es-tablish a system to provide United States persons with assistance in complying with this subtitle, which may include a mecha-nism for providing information, in classified form as appropriate, who are potential cus-tomers, suppliers, or business partners with respect to items controlled under this sub-title, in order to further ensure the preven-tion of the export, reexport, or transfer of items that may pose a threat to the national security or foreign policy of the United States. (b) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—In order to carry out subsection (a), the President may issue appropriate security clearances to per-sons described in that subsection who are re-sponsible for complying with this subtitle. (c) A
SSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN BUSINESSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall develop and submit to Congress a plan to assist small- and medium- sized United States in export licensing and other processes under this subtitle. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall include, among other things, arrangements for the Department of Commerce to provide coun-seling to businesses described in paragraph (1) on filing applications and identifying items controlled under this subtitle, as well as proposals for seminars and conferences to educate such businesses on export controls, licensing procedures, and related obliga-tions. 
SEC. 818. REQUIREMENTS TO IDENTIFY AND CON-TROL EMERGING, FOUNDATIONAL, AND OTHER CRITICAL TECH-NOLOGIES IN EXPORT CONTROL REGULATIONS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish and, in coordination with the Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appro-priate, lead a regular, ongoing interagency process to identify emerging and foundational technologies that— (A) are essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) are not critical technologies described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 721(a)(7) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)(7)). (2) I
NTERAGENCY PROCESS .—The inter-agency process required under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be informed by multiple sources of in-formation, including— (i) publicly available information; (ii) classified information, including rel-evant information provided by the Director of National Intelligence; (iii) information relating to reviews and investigations of transactions by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565); and (iv) information provided by the advisory committees established by the Secretary to advise the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security on controls under the Export Administration Regulations, includ-ing the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee. (B) take into account— (i) the development of emerging and foundational technologies in other countries; (ii) the effect export controls imposed pur-suant to this section may have on the devel-opment of the technologies in the United States; and (iii) the effectiveness of export controls imposed pursuant to this section on limiting the proliferation of emerging and foundational technologies to foreign coun-tries; (C) provide for the nomination of an emerging or foundational technology to be identified under subsection (a) by the Sec-retary, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Energy, or the heads of other Federal agencies as appro-priate; (D) ensure that, not later than 60 days after the nomination of an emerging or foundational technology under subparagraph (C), the Secretary makes a determination, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of En-ergy, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, regarding whether additional or modified controls on the technology under this section are warranted, including through informing a person that a license is required to export the technology, or that more time and input from the sources de-scribed in this paragraph is needed before a final determination is made to issue a rule to impose controls over such technology; and (E) include a notice and comment period. (b) COMMERCE CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, ex-cept to the extent inconsistent with the au-thorities described in subsection (a)(1)(B), es-tablish appropriate controls on the export, reexport, or transfer of technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) and subject to the Export Administration Regulations, includ-ing by publishing additional regulations. (2) L
EVELS OF CONTROL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agen-cies as appropriate, specify the level of con-trol to apply under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the export of technology described in that paragraph, including a requirement for a license or other authorization, to ex-port, reexport, or transfer of that tech-nology. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining under subparagraph (A) the level of control that is appropriate for technology described in para-graph (1), the Secretary shall take into ac-count— (i) lists of countries to which exports from the United States are restricted; and (ii) the potential end uses and end users of the technology. (C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-retary shall, at a minimum and except as re-quired by paragraph (4), require a license to export, reexport, or transfer technology de-scribed in paragraph (1) to or in a country subject to an embargo, including an arms embargo, imposed by the United States. (3) R
EVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to the administration of export con-trols) or any successor order, shall apply to the review of an application for a license for the export, reexport, or transfer of tech-nology described in paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION RELAT -
ING TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—In reviewing an application for a license or other authoriza-tion for the export, reexport, or transfer of technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account informa-tion provided by the Director of National In-telligence regarding any threat to the na-tional security of the United States posed by the proposed export, reexport, or transfer. The Director of National Intelligence shall provide such information on the request of the Secretary. (C) D
ISCLOSURE RELATING TO COLLABO -
RATIVE ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of an ap-plication for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or transfer of tech-nology described in paragraph (1) submitted by or on behalf of a joint venture, joint de-velopment agreement, or similar collabo-rative arrangement, the Secretary may re-quire the applicant to identify, in addition to any foreign person participating in the ar-rangement, any foreign person with signifi-cant ownership interest in a foreign person participating in the arrangement. (4) EXCEPTIONS .— (A) M
ANDATORY EXCEPTION .—The Secretary may not control under this subsection the export of any technology described in para-graph (1) if the regulation of that technology is prohibited under any other provision of law. (B) R
EGULATORY EXEMPTIONS .—In pre- scribing regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary may include appropriate regu-latory exemptions to the requirements of that paragraph for the export, reexport, or transfer of technology described in para-graph (1). (c) M
ULTILATERAL CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and heads of other Federal agencies as appro-priate, shall propose to the relevant multi-lateral export control regimes in the fol-lowing year that a technology identified through the interagency process required under subsection (a) be added to the list of technology controlled by such regimes. (2) R
EVIEW OF CONTINUED UNILATERAL EX -
PORT CONTROLS .—The Secretary, with respect to those items on the Commerce Control List maintained under part 774 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, and in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State, with respect to those items on the United States Munitions List and in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the heads of other Federal agen-cies as appropriate, shall determine whether national security concerns warrant contin-ued unilateral export controls over a tech-nology proposed for multilateral control under paragraph (1) if the relevant multilat-eral export control regime does not agree to list such technology on its control list with-in three years of a proposal by the United States. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appro-priate, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States on a semiannual basis a report on updates of any key actions taken pursuant to this sec-tion. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or limit— (1) the authority of the President and the Secretary of State to designate those items that are considered to be defense articles or defense services for purposes of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or to otherwise regulate such items; or (2) the authority of the President under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act of 1978 (22 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.), the Energy Reor-ganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), this title, or any other provision of law re-lating to the control of exports. (f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the President should re-quest in the annual budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, sufficient resources to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5685 June 26, 2018 
enable the relevant departments and agen-cies to effectively implement this section. 
SEC. 819. REVIEW RELATING TO COUNTRIES SUB-JECT TO COMPREHENSIVE UNITED STATES ARMS EMBARGO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall conduct a review of— (1) section 744.21 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, including to assess whether the current and anticipated risks of direct or in-direct diversion, such as from policies and practices that effectively obscure distinc-tions between civil and military end-users and end-uses, require that the scope of con-trol under such section should be expanded to apply to exports, reexports, or transfers for military end uses and military end users in countries that are subject to a comprehen-sive United States arms embargo and coun-tries that are subject to a United Nations arms embargo; (2) entries on the Commerce Control List maintained under part 774 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, that do not impose li-cense requirements for exports, reexports, or transfers of items to countries subject to a comprehensive United States arms embargo; (3) whether there should be a presumption of denial for an application for a license to export, reexport, or transfer an item on the Commerce Control List subject to national security controls or regional stability con-trols under part 742 of the Export Adminis-tration Regulations if that item is reason-ably likely to contribute, directly or indi-rectly, to the military or intelligence capa-bilities of any country with respect to which the United States has in place an arms em-bargo, sanctions, or comparable restrictions, including to or within any country listed in Country Group D:5 in Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the Export Administration Regu-lations; (4) whether there should be a presumption of denial for an application for a license to export, reexport, or transfer an emerging or foundational technology identified in section 818(a) to or within a country identified in section 744.21 of title 15, Code of Federal Reg-ulations or Country Group E in Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the Export Administra-tion Regulations; and (5) without limiting the effect of para-graphs (3) and (4), whether there should be a presumption of approval for an application for a license to export, reexport, or transfer an item on the Commerce Control List if that item is for a civil end use. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RESULTS OF RE-
VIEW.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 820. PENALTIES. 
(a) U NLAWFUL ACTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for a person to violate, attempt to violate, con-spire to violate, or cause a violation of this subtitle or of any regulation, order, license, or other authorization issued under this sub-title, including any of the unlawful acts de-scribed in paragraph (2). (2) S
PECIFIC UNLAWFUL ACTS .—The unlawful acts described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) No person may engage in any conduct prohibited by or contrary to, or refrain from engaging in any conduct required by this subtitle, the Export Administration Regula-tions, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (B) No person may cause or aid, abet, coun-sel, command, induce, procure, permit, or ap-prove the doing of any act prohibited, or the omission of any act required by this subtitle, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (C) No person may solicit or attempt a vio-lation of this subtitle, the Export Adminis-tration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (D) No person may conspire or act in con-cert with one or more other persons in any manner or for any purpose to bring about or to do any act that constitutes a violation of this subtitle, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or author-ization issued thereunder. (E) No person may order, buy, remove, con-ceal, store, use, sell, loan, dispose of, trans-fer, transport, finance, forward, or otherwise service, in whole or in part, or conduct nego-tiations to facilitate such activities for, any item exported or to be exported from the United States, or that is otherwise subject to the Export Administration Regulations, with knowledge that a violation of this subtitle, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder, has occurred, is about to occur, or is intended to occur in connection with the item unless valid authorization is ob-tained therefor. (F) No person may make any false or mis-leading representation, statement, or certifi-cation, or falsify or conceal any material fact, either directly to the Department of Commerce, or an official of any other United States agency, including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice, or indirectly through any other per-son— (i) in the course of an investigation or other action subject to the Export Adminis-tration Regulations; (ii) in connection with the preparation, submission, issuance, use, or maintenance of any export control document or any report filed or required to be filed pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations; or (iii) for the purpose of or in connection with effecting any export, reexport, or trans-fer of an item subject to the Export Adminis-tration Regulations or a service or other ac-tivity of a United States person described in section 814. (G) No person may engage in any trans-action or take any other action with intent to evade the provisions of this subtitle, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license, or authorization issued there-under. (H) No person may fail or refuse to comply with any reporting or recordkeeping require-ments of the Export Administration Regula-tions or of any order, license, or authoriza-tion issued thereunder. (I) Except as specifically authorized in the Export Administration Regulations or in writing by the Department of Commerce, no person may alter any license, authorization, export control document, or order issued under the Export Administration Regula-tions. (J) No person may take any action that is prohibited by a denial order issued by the Department of Commerce to prevent immi-nent violations of this subtitle, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, li-cense or authorization issued thereunder. (3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (G), any representa-tion, statement, or certification made by any person shall be deemed to be continuing in effect. Each person who has made a rep-resentation, statement, or certification to the Department of Commerce relating to any order, license, or other authorization issued under this subtitle shall notify the Depart-ment of Commerce, in writing, of any change of any material fact or intention from that previously represented, stated, or certified, immediately upon receipt of any information that would lead a reasonably prudent person to know that a change of material fact or in-tention had occurred or may occur in the fu-ture. (b) CRIMINAL PENALTY .—A person who will-fully commits, willfully attempts to commit, or willfully conspires to commit, or aids and abets in the commission of, an unlawful act described in subsection (a)— (1) shall be fined not more than $1,000,000; and (2) in the case of the individual, shall be imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. (c) C
IVILPENALTIES .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The President may impose the following civil penalties on a person for each violation by that person of this subtitle or any regulation, order, or license issued under this subtitle, for each violation: (A) A fine of not more than $300,000 or an amount that is twice the value of the trans-action that is the basis of the violation with respect to which the penalty is imposed, whichever is greater. (B) Revocation of a license issued under this subtitle to the person. (C) A prohibition on the person’s ability to export, reexport, or transfer any items, whether or not subject to controls under this subtitle. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Any civil penalty under this subsection may be imposed only after notice and opportunity for an agency hear-ing on the record in accordance with sections 554 through 557 of title 5, United States Code. (3) S
TANDARDS FOR LEVELS OF CIVIL PEN -
ALTY .—The Secretary may by regulation pro-vide standards for establishing levels of civil penalty under this subsection based upon factors such as the seriousness of the viola-tion, the culpability of the violator, and such mitigating factors as the violator’s record of cooperation with the Government in dis-closing the violation. (d) C
RIMINAL FORFEITURE OF PROPERTY IN-
TEREST AND PROCEEDS .— (1) F
ORFEITURE .—Any person who is con-victed under subsection (b) of a violation of a control imposed under section 813 (or any regulation, order, or license issued with re-spect to such control) shall, in addition to any other penalty, forfeit to the United States— (A) any of that person’s interest in, secu-rity of, claim against, or property or con-tractual rights of any kind in the tangible items that were the subject of the violation; (B) any of that person’s interest in, secu-rity of, claim against, or property or con-tractual rights of any kind in tangible prop-erty that was used in the violation; and (C) any of that person’s property consti-tuting, or derived from, any proceeds ob-tained directly or indirectly as a result of the violation. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures in any forfeiture under this subsection, and the du-ties and authority of the courts of the United States and the Attorney General with re-spect to any forfeiture action under this sub-section or with respect to any property that may be subject to forfeiture under this sub-section, shall be governed by the provisions of section 1963 of title 18, United States Code. (e) P
RIOR CONVICTIONS .— (1) L
ICENSE BAR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— (i) deny the eligibility of any person con-victed of a criminal violation described in subparagraph (B) to export, reexport, or transfer outside the United States any item, whether or not subject to controls under this subtitle, for a period of up to 10 years begin-ning on the date of the conviction; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5686 June 26, 2018 
(ii) revoke any license or other authoriza-tion to export, reexport, or transfer items that was issued under this subtitle and in which such person has an interest at the time of the conviction. (B) V
IOLATIONS .—The violations referred to in subparagraph (A) are any criminal viola-tions of, or criminal attempt or conspiracy to violate— (i) this subtitle (or any regulation, license, or order issued under this subtitle); (ii) any regulation, license, or order issued under the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act; (iii) section 371, 554, 793, 794, or 798 of title 18, United States Code; (iv) section 1001 of title 18, United States Code; (v) section 4(b) of the Internal Security Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 783(b)); or (vi) section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778). (2) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER PARTIES .—The Secretary may exercise the authority under paragraph (1) with respect to any person re-lated, through affiliation, ownership, con-trol, position of responsibility, or other con-nection in the conduct of trade or business, to any person convicted of any violation of law set forth in paragraph (1), upon a show-ing of such relationship with the convicted party, and subject to the procedures set forth in subsection (c)(2). (f) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in sub-section (c), (d), or (e) limits— (1) the availability of other administrative or judicial remedies with respect to viola-tions of this subtitle, or any regulation, order, license or other authorization issued under this subtitle; (2) the authority to compromise and settle administrative proceedings brought with re-spect to violations of this subtitle, or any regulation, order, license, or other author-ization issued under this subtitle; or (3) the authority to compromise, remit or mitigate seizures and forfeitures pursuant to section 1(b) of title VI of the Act of June 15, 1917 (22 U.S.C. 401(b)). 
SEC. 821. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) A UTHORITIES .—In order to enforce this subtitle, the Secretary, on behalf of the President shall exercise, in addition to rel-evant enforcement authorities of other Fed-eral agencies, the authority to— (1) issue orders and guidelines; (2) require, inspect, and obtain books, records, and any other information from any person subject to the provisions of this sub-title; (3) administer oaths or affirmations and by subpoena require any person to appear and testify or to appear and produce books, records, and other writings, or both; (4) conduct investigations (including un-dercover) in the United States and in other countries using all applicable laws of the United States, including intercepting any wire, oral, and electronic communications, conducting electronic surveillance, using pen registers and trap and trace devices, and car-rying out acquisitions, to the extent author-ized under chapters 119, 121, and 206 of title 18, United States Code; (5) inspect, search, detain, seize, or issue temporary denial orders with respect to items, in any form, that are subject to con-trols under this subtitle, or conveyances on which it is believed that there are items that have been, are being, or are about to be ex-ported, reexported, or transferred in viola-tion of this subtitle, or any regulations, order, license, or other authorization issued thereunder; (6) carry firearms; (7) conduct prelicense inspections and post- shipment verifications; and (8) execute warrants and make arrests. (b) ENFORCEMENT OF SUBPOENAS .—In the case of contumacy by, or refusal to obey a subpoena issued to, any person under sub-section (a)(3), a district court of the United States, after notice to such person and a hearing, shall have jurisdiction to issue an order requiring such person to appear and give testimony or to appear and produce books, records, and other writings, regard-less of format, that are the subject of the subpoena. Any failure to obey such order of the court may be punished by such court as a contempt thereof. (c) B
ESTPRACTICE GUIDELINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, should publish and update ‘‘best practices’’ guidelines to assist persons in developing and implementing, on a vol-untary basis, effective export control pro-grams in compliance with the regulations issued under this subtitle. (2) E
XPORT COMPLIANCE PROGRAM .—The im- plementation by a person of an effective ex-port compliance program and a high quality overall export compliance effort by a person should ordinarily be given weight as miti-gating factors in a civil penalty action against the person under this subtitle. (d) R
EFERENCE TO ENFORCEMENT .—For pur- poses of this section, a reference to the en-forcement of, or a violation of, this subtitle includes a reference to the enforcement or a violation of any regulation, order, license or other authorization issued pursuant to this subtitle. (e) I
MMUNITY .—A person shall not be ex-cused from complying with any requirements under this section because of the person’s privilege against self-incrimination, but the immunity provisions of section 6002 of title 18, United States Code, shall apply with re-spect to any individual who specifically claims such privilege. (f) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) E
XEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained under this subtitle may be withheld from disclosure only to the extent permitted by statute, except that information described in subparagraph (B) shall be withheld from pub-lic disclosure and shall not be subject to dis-closure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, unless the release of such information is determined by the Sec-retary to be in the national interest. (B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—Information described in this subparagraph is informa-tion submitted or obtained in connection with an application for a license or other au-thorization to export, reexport, or transfer items, engage in other activities, a record-keeping or reporting requirement, enforce-ment activity, or other operations under this subtitle, including— (i) the license application, license, or other authorization itself; (ii) classification or advisory opinion re-quests, and the response thereto; (iii) license determinations, and informa-tion pertaining thereto; (iv) information or evidence obtained in the course of any investigation; and (v) information obtained or furnished in connection with any international agree-ment, treaty, or other obligation. (2) I
NFORMATION TO THE CONGRESS AND  GAO.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the with-holding of information from the Congress or from the Government Accountability Office. (B) A
VAILABILITY TO THE CONGRESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any information obtained at any time under any provision of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursu-ant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act), under the Export Admin-istration Regulations, or under this subtitle, including any report or license application required under any such provision, shall be made available to a committee or sub-committee of Congress of appropriate juris-diction, upon the request of the chairman or ranking minority member of such committee or subcommittee. (ii) PROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— No such committee or subcommittee, or member thereof, may disclose any informa-tion made available under clause (i), that is submitted on a confidential basis unless the full committee determines that the with-holding of that information is contrary to the national interest. (C) A
VAILABILITY TO GAO.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information described in clause (i) of subparagraph (B) shall be sub-ject to the limitations contained in section 716 of title 31, United States Code. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— An officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose, ex-cept to the Congress in accordance with this paragraph, any such information that is sub-mitted on a confidential basis or from which any individual can be identified. (3) I
NFORMATION SHARING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any Federal official de-scribed in section 815(a) who obtains infor-mation that is relevant to the enforcement of this subtitle, including information per-taining to any investigation, shall furnish such information to each appropriate depart-ment, agency, or office with enforcement re-sponsibilities under this section to the ex-tent consistent with the protection of intel-ligence, counterintelligence, and law en-forcement sources, methods, and activities. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to information subject to the restrictions set forth in sec-tion 9 of title 13, United States Code, and re-turn information, as defined in subsection (b) of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 6103(b)), may be disclosed only as authorized by that section. (C) E
XCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The Presi-dent shall ensure that the heads of depart-ments, agencies, and offices with enforce-ment authorities under this subtitle, con-sistent with protection of law enforcement and its sources and methods— (i) exchange any licensing and enforcement information with one another that is nec-essary to facilitate enforcement efforts under this section; and (ii) consult on a regular basis with one an-other and with the head of other depart-ments, agencies, and offices that obtain in-formation subject to this paragraph, in order to facilitate the exchange of such informa-tion. (D) I
NFORMATION SHARING WITH FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—Licensing or enforcement infor-mation obtained under this subtitle may be shared with departments, agencies, and of-fices that do not have enforcement authori-ties under this subtitle on a case-by-case basis. (g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—In the ad-ministration of this section, reporting re-quirements shall be designed to reduce the cost of reporting, recordkeeping, and docu-mentation to the extent consistent with ef-fective enforcement and compilation of use-ful trade statistics. Reporting, record-keeping, and documentation requirements shall be periodically reviewed and revised in the light of developments in the field of in-formation technology. (h) C
IVILFORFEITURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any tangible items seized under subsection (a) by designated officers or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5687 June 26, 2018 
employees shall be subject to forfeiture to the United States in accordance with appli-cable law, except that property seized shall be returned if the property owner is not found guilty of a civil or criminal violation under section 819. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Any seizure or forfeiture under this subsection shall be carried out in accordance with the procedures set forth in section 981 of title 18, United States Code. (i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect the enforcement authorities of the De-partment of Homeland Security which may also complement those set forth herein. 
SEC. 822. ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The functions exercised under this subtitle shall not be subject to sections 551, 553 through 559, and 701 through 706 of title 5, United States Code. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE LAWJUDGES .—The Sec- retary is authorized to appoint an adminis-trative law judge, and may designate admin-istrative law judges from other Federal agen-cies who are provided pursuant to a legally authorized interagency agreement with the Department of Commerce, and consistent with the provisions of section 3105 of title 5, United States Code. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO REGULATIONS .—The President shall notify in advance the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives of any proposed amendments to the Ex-port Administration Regulations with an ex-planation of the intent and rationale of such amendments. 
SEC. 823. REVIEW OF INTERAGENCY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall re-view and evaluate the interagency export li-cense referral, review, and escalation proc-esses for dual-use items and munitions under the licensing jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce or any other Federal agency, as appropriate, to determine whether current practices and procedures are consistent with established national security and foreign policy objectives. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that con-tains the results of the review carried out under subsection (a). (c) O
PERATING COMMITTEE FOR EXPORT POL-
ICY.—In any case in which the Operating Committee for Export Policy established by Executive Order 12981 (December 5, 1991; re-lating to Administration of Export Controls) is meeting to conduct an interagency dispute resolution relating to applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations, matters relating to jet engine hot section technology, commercial commu-nication satellites, and emerging or foundational technology shall be decided by majority vote. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 824. COORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES ON COMMODITY CLASSIFICATION AND REMOVAL OF EXPORT CON-TROLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Energy before taking any of the actions de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) ACTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) Amending the Commerce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regulations to remove an item from the list. (2) Providing a commodity classification determination under section 748.3 of the Ex-port Administration Regulations, including with respect to— (A) ‘‘600 series’’ items; (B) commercial communication satellites (ECCN 9x515); (C) emerging and foundational tech-nologies identified under section 818(a); (D) ‘‘specially designed’’ items under part 774 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; or (E) any other items that the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Energy, identifies and mutually determines is materially significant enough to warrant interagency consultation before the Sec-retary determines to add the item to the Commerce Control List and provide the item with a Export Control Classification Number (ECCN). (3) Amending the Commerce Control List to remove any control imposed pursuant to subsection (b) of section 818 on the export, reexport, or transfer of an emerging or foundational technology identified under subsection (a) of that section. (4) Amending the Export Administration Regulations to expand the scope or applica-tion of a license exception authorized by sec-tion 740 of the Export Administration Regu-lations. 
SEC. 825. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit to Congress, by December 31 of each year, a report on the implementation of this subtitle during the preceding fiscal year. The report shall include a review of— (1) the effect of controls imposed under this subtitle on exports, reexports, and transfers of items in addressing threats to the national security or foreign policy of the United States, including a description of li-censing processing times; (2) the impact of such controls on the sci-entific and technological leadership of the United States; (3) the consistency with such controls of export controls imposed by other countries; (4) efforts to provide exporters with com-pliance assistance, including specific actions to assist small- and medium-sized businesses; (5) a summary of regulatory changes from the prior fiscal year; (6) a summary of export enforcement ac-tions, including of actions taken to imple-ment end-use monitoring of dual-use, mili-tary, and other items subject to the Export Administration Regulations; (7) a summary of approved license applica-tions to proscribed persons; (8) efforts undertaken within the previous year to comply with the requirements of sec-tion 819, including any critical technologies identified under such section and how or whether such critical technologies were con-trolled for export; and (9) a summary of industrial base assess-ments conducted during the previous year by the Department of Commerce, including with respect to counterfeit electronics, foundational technologies, and other re-search and analysis of critical technologies and industrial capabilities of key defense-re-lated sectors. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. SEC. 826. REPEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act) is repealed. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President shall implement the amendment made by sub-section (a) by exercising the authorities of the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 827. EFFECT ON OTHER ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subtitle, nothing contained in this subtitle shall be construed to modify, repeal, supersede, or otherwise affect the provisions of any other laws authorizing con-trol over exports, reexports, or transfers of any item, or activities of United States per-sons subject to the Export Administration Regulations. (b) C
OORDINATION OF CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority granted to the President under this subtitle shall be ex-ercised in such manner so as to achieve ef-fective coordination with all export control and sanctions authorities exercised by Fed-eral departments and agencies delegated with authority under this subtitle, particu-larly the Department of State, the Depart-ment of the Treasury, and the Department of Energy. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that in order to achieve effective coordination described in paragraph (1), such Federal departments and agencies— (A) should continuously work to create en-forceable regulations with respect to the ex-port, reexport, and transfer by United States and foreign persons of commodities, soft-ware, technology, and services to various end uses and end users for foreign policy and na-tional security reasons; (B) should regularly work to reduce com-plexity in the system, including complexity caused merely by the existence of structural, definitional, and other non-policy based dif-ferences between and among different export control and sanctions systems; and (C) should coordinate controls on items ex-ported, reexported, or transferred in connec-tion with a foreign military sale under chap-ter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act or a commercial sale under section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act to reduce as much unnec-essary administrative burden as possible that is a result of differences between the ex-ercise of those two authorities. (c) N
ONPROLIFERATION CONTROLS .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to super-sede the procedures published by the Presi-dent pursuant to section 309(c) of the Nu-clear Non-Proliferation Act of 1978. 
SEC. 828. TRANSITION PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All delegations, rules, regulations, orders, determinations, licenses, or other forms of administrative action that have been made, issued, conducted, or al-lowed to become effective under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), or the Export Administration Regulations, and are in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue in effect according to their terms until modi-fied, superseded, set aside, or revoked under the authority of this subtitle. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL PRO-
CEEDINGS .—This subtitle shall not affect any administrative or judicial proceedings com-menced, or any applications for licenses made, under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5688 June 26, 2018 
date of the enactment of this Act and as con-tinued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act), or the Export Administration Regulations. (c) C
ERTAIN DETERMINATIONS AND REF-
ERENCES .— (1) S
TATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM .—Any determination that was made under section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in ef-fect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act) shall continue in effect as if the determination had been made under section 814(c) of this Act. (2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any other provision of law to a country the gov-ernment of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism shall be deemed to refer to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 814(c), is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. Subtitle B—Anti-Boycott Act of 2018 
SEC. 831. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Anti- Boycott Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 832. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Congress declares it is the policy of the United States— (1) to oppose restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any foreign country against other countries friendly to the United States or against any United States person; (2) to encourage and, in specified cases, re-quire United States persons engaged in the export of goods or technology or other infor-mation to refuse to take actions, including furnishing information or entering into or implementing agreements, which have the effect of furthering or supporting the restric-tive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any foreign country against a country friendly to the United States or any United States person; and (3) to foster international cooperation and the development of international rules and institutions to assure reasonable access to world supplies. 
SEC. 833. FOREIGN BOYCOTTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS AND EXCEPTIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITIONS .—For the purpose of im-plementing the policies set forth in section 832, the President shall issue regulations pro-hibiting any United States person, with re-spect to that person’s activities in the inter-state or foreign commerce of the United States, from taking or knowingly agreeing to take any of the following actions with in-tent to comply with, further, or support any boycott fostered or imposed by any foreign country, against a country which is friendly to the United States and which is not itself the object of any form of boycott pursuant to United States law or regulation: (A) Refusing, or requiring any other person to refuse, to do business with or in the boy-cotted country, with any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted country, or with any other person, pursuant to an agreement with, a require-ment of, or a request from or on behalf of the boycotting country. The mere absence of a business relationship with or in the boy-cotted country with any business concern or-ganized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted country, or with any other person, does not indicate the existence of the intent required to establish a violation of regula-tions issued to carry out this subparagraph. (B) Refusing, or requiring any other person to refuse, to employ or otherwise discrimi-nating against any United States person on the basis of race, religion, sex, or national origin of that person or of any owner, officer, director, or employee of such person. (C) Furnishing information with respect to the race, religion, sex, or national origin of any United States person or of any owner, of-ficer, director, or employee of such person. (D) Furnishing information about whether any person has, has had, or proposes to have any business relationship (including a rela-tionship by way of sale, purchase, legal or commercial representation, shipping or other transport, insurance, investment, or supply) with or in the boycotted country, with any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted coun-try, or with any other person which is known or believed to be restricted from having any business relationship with or in the boy-cotting country. Nothing in this subpara-graph shall prohibit the furnishing of normal business information in a commercial con-text as defined by the Secretary. (E) Furnishing information about whether any person is a member of, has made con-tributions to, or is otherwise associated with or involved in the activities of any chari-table or fraternal organization which sup-ports the boycotted country. (F) Paying, honoring, confirming, or other-wise implementing a letter of credit which contains any condition or requirement com-pliance with which is prohibited by regula-tions issued pursuant to this paragraph, and no United States person shall, as a result of the application of this paragraph, be obli-gated to pay or otherwise honor or imple-ment such letter of credit. (2) EXCEPTIONS .—Regulations issued pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall provide exceptions for— (A) complying or agreeing to comply with requirements— (i) prohibiting the import of goods or serv-ices from the boycotted country or goods produced or services provided by any busi-ness concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country or by nationals or resi-dents of the boycotted country; or (ii) prohibiting the shipment of goods to the boycotting country on a carrier of the boycotted country, or by a route other than that prescribed by the boycotting country or the recipient of the shipment; (B) complying or agreeing to comply with import and shipping document requirements with respect to the country of origin, the name of the carrier and route of shipment, the name of the supplier of the shipment or the name of the provider of other services, except that no information knowingly fur-nished or conveyed in response to such re-quirements may be stated in negative, black-listing, or similar exclusionary terms, other than with respect to carriers or route of shipment as may be permitted by such regu-lations in order to comply with pre-cautionary requirements protecting against war risks and confiscation; (C) complying or agreeing to comply in the normal course of business with the unilat-eral and specific selection by a boycotting country, or national or resident thereof, of carriers, insurers, suppliers of services to be performed within the boycotting country or specific goods which, in the normal course of business, are identifiable by source when im-ported into the boycotting country; (D) complying or agreeing to comply with export requirements of the boycotting coun-try relating to shipments or transshipments of exports to the boycotted country, to any business concern of or organized under the laws of the boycotted country, or to any na-tional or resident of the boycotted country; (E) compliance by an individual or agree-ment by an individual to comply with the immigration or passport requirements of any country with respect to such individual or any member of such individual’s family or with requests for information regarding re-quirements of employment of such indi-vidual within the boycotting country; and (F) compliance by a United States person resident in a foreign country or agreement by such person to comply with the laws of that country with respect to his activities exclusively therein, and such regulations may contain exceptions for such resident complying with the laws or regulations of that foreign country governing imports into such country of trademarked, trade named, or similarly specifically identifiable prod-ucts, or components of products for his own use, including the performance of contrac-tual services within that country, as may be defined by such regulations. (3) SPECIAL RULES .—Regulations issued pursuant to paragraphs (2)(C) and (2)(F) shall not provide exceptions from paragraphs (1)(B) and (1)(C). (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to supersede or limit the operation of the antitrust or civil rights laws of the United States. (5) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall apply to any transaction or activity undertaken, by or through a United States person or any other person, with intent to evade the provi-sions of this section as implemented by the regulations issued pursuant to this sub-section, and such regulations shall expressly provide that the exceptions set forth in para-graph (2) shall not permit activities or agree-ments (expressed or implied by a course of conduct, including a pattern of responses) otherwise prohibited, which are not within the intent of such exceptions. (b) F
OREIGN POLICY CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the regula-tions issued pursuant to subsection (a), regu-lations issued under subtitle A to carry out the policies set forth in section 812(1)(D) shall implement the policies set forth in this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such regulations shall require that any United States person re-ceiving a request for the furnishing of infor-mation, the entering into or implementing of agreements, or the taking of any other ac-tion referred to in subsection (a) shall report that fact to the Secretary, together with such other information concerning such re-quest as the Secretary may require for such action as the Secretary considers appro-priate for carrying out the policies of that section. Such person shall also report to the Secretary whether such person intends to comply and whether such person has com-plied with such request. Any report filed pur-suant to this paragraph shall be made avail-able promptly for public inspection and copying, except that information regarding the quantity, description, and value of any goods or technology to which such report re-lates may be kept confidential if the Sec-retary determines that disclosure thereof would place the United States person in-volved at a competitive disadvantage. The Secretary shall periodically transmit sum-maries of the information contained in such reports to the Secretary of State for such ac-tion as the Secretary of State, in consulta-tion with the Secretary, considers appro-priate for carrying out the policies set forth in section 832. (c) P
REEMPTION .—The provisions of this section and the regulations issued pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5689 June 26, 2018 
thereto shall preempt any law, rule, or regu-lation of any of the several States or the Dis-trict of Columbia, or any of the territories or possessions of the United States, or of any governmental subdivision thereof, which law, rule, or regulation pertains to participa-tion in, compliance with, implementation of, or the furnishing of information regarding restrictive trade practices or boycotts fos-tered or imposed by foreign countries against other countries friendly to the United States. 
SEC. 834. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) C RIMINAL PENALTY .—A person who will-fully commits, willfully attempts to commit, or willfully conspires to commit, or aids or abets in the commission of, an unlawful act section 833— (1) shall, upon conviction, be fined not more than $1,000,000; or (2) if a natural person, may be imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. (b) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—The President may impose the following civil penalties on a per-son who violates section 833 or any regula-tion issued under this subtitle: (1) A fine of not more than $300,000 or an amount that is twice the value of the trans-action that is the basis of the violation with respect to which the penalty is imposed, whichever is greater. (2) Revocation of a license issued under title I to the person. (3) A prohibition on the person’s ability to export, reexport, or transfer any items con-trolled under subtitle A. (c) P
ROCEDURES .—Any civil penalty or ad-ministrative sanction (including any suspen-sion or revocation of authority to export) under this section may be imposed only after notice and opportunity for an agency hear-ing on the record in accordance with sections 554 through 557 of title 5, United States Code, and shall be subject to judicial review in ac-cordance with chapter 7 of such title. (d) S
TANDARDS FOR LEVELS OF CIVIL PEN-
ALTY .—The President may by regulation pro-vide standards for establishing levels of civil penalty under this section based upon fac-tors such as the seriousness of the violation, the culpability of the violator, and the viola-tor’s record of cooperation with the Govern-ment in disclosing the violation. Subtitle C—Sanctions Regarding Missile Pro-liferation and Chemical and Biological Weapons Proliferation 
SEC. 841. MISSILE PROLIFERATION CONTROL VIOLATIONS. 
(a) V IOLATIONS BY UNITED STATES PER-
SONS.— (1) S
ANCTIONS .— (A) S
ANCTIONABLE ACTIVITY .—The Presi-dent shall impose the applicable sanctions described in subparagraph (B) if the Presi-dent determines that a United States person knowingly— (i) exports, reexports, or transfers of any item on the MTCR Annex, in violation of the provisions of section 38 (22 U.S.C. 2778) or chapter 7 of the Arms Export Control Act, subtitle A, or any regulations or orders issued under any such provisions; or (ii) conspires to or attempts to engage in such export, reexport, or transfer. (B) S
ANCTIONS .—The sanctions that apply to a United States person under subpara-graph (A) are the following: (i) If the item on the MTCR Annex in-volved in the export, reexport, or transfer is missile equipment or technology within cat-egory II of the MTCR Annex, then the Presi-dent shall deny to such United States per-son, for a period of 2 years, licenses for the transfer of missile equipment or technology controlled under subtitle A. (ii) If the item on the MTCR Annex in-volved in the export, reexport, or transfer is missile equipment or technology within cat-egory I of the MTCR Annex, then the Presi-dent shall deny to such United States per-son, for a period of not less than 2 years, all licenses for items the transfer of which is controlled under subtitle A. (2) DISCRETIONARY SANCTIONS .—In the case of any determination referred to in para-graph (1), the President may pursue any other appropriate penalties under section 820. (3) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the imposition of sanctions under paragraph (1) on a person with respect to a product or serv-ice if the President certifies to the Congress that— (A) the product or service is essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) such person is a sole source supplier of the product or service, the product or service is not available from any alternative reliable supplier, and the need for the product or service cannot be met in a timely manner by improved manufacturing processes or tech-nological developments. (b) T
RANSFERS OF MISSILE EQUIPMENT OR  T
ECHNOLOGY BY FOREIGN PERSONS .— (1) S
ANCTIONS .— (A) S
ANCTIONABLE ACTIVITY .—Subject to paragraphs (3) through (7), the President shall impose the applicable sanctions under subparagraph (B) on a foreign person if the President— (i) determines that a foreign person know-ingly— (I) exports, reexports, or transfers any MTCR equipment or technology that con-tributes to the design, development, or pro-duction of missiles in a country that is not an MTCR adherent and would be, if it were United States-origin equipment or tech-nology, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States under subtitle A; (II) conspires to or attempts to engage in such export, reexport, or transfer; or (III) facilitates such export, reexport, or transfer by any other person; or (ii) has made a determination with respect to the foreign person under section 73(a) of the Arms Export Control Act. (B) S
ANCTIONS .—The sanctions that apply to a foreign person under subparagraph (A) are the following: (i) If the item involved in the export, reex-port, or transfer is within category II of the MTCR Annex, then the President shall deny, for a period of 2 years, licenses for the trans-fer to such foreign person of missile equip-ment or technology the transfer of which is controlled under subtitle A. (ii) If the item involved in the export, reex-port, or transfer is within category I of the MTCR Annex, then the President shall deny, for a period of not less than 2 years, licenses for the transfer to such foreign person of items the transfer of which is controlled under subtitle A. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO MTCR 
ADHERENTS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to— (A) any export, reexport, or transfer that is authorized by the laws of an MTCR adherent, if such authorization is not obtained by mis-representation or fraud; or (B) any export, reexport, or transfer of an item to an end user in a country that is an MTCR adherent. (3) E
FFECT OF ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS BY  MTCR 
ADHERENTS .—Sanctions set forth in paragraph (1) may not be imposed under this subsection on a person with respect to acts described in such paragraph or, if such sanc-tions are in effect against a person on ac-count of such acts, such sanctions shall be terminated, if an MTCR adherent is taking judicial or other enforcement action against that person with respect to such acts, or that person has been found by the government of an MTCR adherent to be innocent of wrong-doing with respect to such acts. (4) WAIVER AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a foreign person if the President deter-mines that such waiver is essential to the national security of the United States. (B) N
OTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON -
GRESS .—In the event that the President de-cides to apply the waiver described in sub-paragraph (A), the President shall so notify the appropriate congressional committees not less than 20 working days before issuing the waiver. Such notification shall include a report fully articulating the rationale and circumstances which led the President to apply the waiver. (5) A
DDITIONAL WAIVER .—The President may waive the imposition of sanctions under paragraph (1) on a person with respect to a product or service if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (A) the product or service is essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) such person is a sole source supplier of the product or service, the product or service is not available from any alternative reliable supplier, and the need for the product or service cannot be met in a timely manner by improved manufacturing processes or tech-nological developments. (6) E
XCEPTIONS .—The President shall not apply the sanction under this subsection pro-hibiting the importation of the products of a foreign person— (A) in the case of procurement of defense articles or defense services— (i) under existing contracts or sub-contracts, including the exercise of options for production quantities to satisfy require-ments essential to the national security of the United States; (ii) if the President determines that the person to which the sanctions would be ap-plied is a sole source supplier of the defense articles or defense services, that the defense articles or defense services are essential to the national security of the United States, and that alternative sources are not readily or reasonably available; or (iii) if the President determines that such articles or services are essential to the na-tional security of the United States under defense coproduction agreements or NATO Programs of Cooperation; (B) to products or services provided under contracts entered into before the date on which the President publishes his intention to impose the sanctions; or (C) to— (i) spare parts; (ii) component parts, but not finished prod-ucts, essential to United States products or production; (iii) routine services and maintenance of products, to the extent that alternative sources are not readily or reasonably avail-able; or (iv) information and technology essential to United States products or production. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) D
EFENSE ARTICLES ; DEFENSE SERVICES .— The terms ‘‘defense articles’’ and ‘‘defense services’’ mean those items on the United States Munitions List as defined in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5690 June 26, 2018 
47(7) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794 note). (3) M
ISSILE .—The term ‘‘missile’’ means a category I system as defined in the MTCR Annex. (4) M
ISSILE TECHNOLOGY CONTROL REGIME ; 
MTCR .—The term ‘‘Missile Technology Con-trol Regime’’ or ‘‘MTCR’’ means the policy statement, between the United States, the United Kingdom, the Federal Republic of Germany, France, Italy, Canada, and Japan, announced on April 16, 1987, to restrict sen-sitive missile-relevant transfers based on the MTCR Annex, and any amendments thereto. (5) MTCR 
ADHERENT .—The term ‘‘MTCR adherent’’ means a country that participates in the MTCR or that, pursuant to an inter-national understanding to which the United States is a party, controls MTCR equipment or technology in accordance with the cri-teria and standards set forth in the MTCR. (6) MTCR 
ANNEX .—The term ‘‘MTCR Annex’’ means the Guidelines and Equip-ment and Technology Annex of the MTCR, and any amendments thereto. (7) M
ISSILE EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY ; 
MTCR EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY .—The terms ‘‘missile equipment or technology’’ and ‘‘MTCR equipment or technology’’ mean those items listed in category I or category II of the MTCR Annex. 
SEC. 842. CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS PROLIFERATION SANCTIONS. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) D
ETERMINATION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (b)(2), the President shall impose the sanction de-scribed in subsection (c) if the President de-termines that a foreign person has know-ingly and materially contributed— (A) through the export from the United States of any item that is subject to the ju-risdiction of the United States under this subtitle; or (B) through the export from any other country of any item that would be, if they were United States goods or technology, sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States under this subtitle, to the efforts by any foreign country, project, or entity described in paragraph (2) to use, develop, produce, stockpile, or other-wise acquire chemical or biological weapons. (2) C
OUNTRIES , PROJECTS , OR ENTITIES RE -
CEIVING ASSISTANCE .—Paragraph (1) applies in the case of— (A) any foreign country that the President determines has, at any time after January 1, 1980— (i) used chemical or biological weapons in violation of international law; (ii) used lethal chemical or biological weapons against its own nationals; or (iii) made substantial preparations to en-gage in the activities described in clause (i) or (ii); (B) any foreign country whose government is determined for purposes of section 914(c) to be a government that has repeatedly pro-vided support for acts of international ter-rorism; or (C) any other foreign country, project, or entity designated by the President for pur-poses of this section. (3) P
ERSONS AGAINST WHICH SANCTIONS ARE  
TO BE IMPOSED .—A sanction shall be imposed pursuant to paragraph (1) on— (A) the foreign person with respect to which the President makes the determina-tion described in that paragraph; (B) any successor entity to that foreign person; and (C) any foreign person that is a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of that foreign person if that parent, subsidiary, or affiliate know-ingly assisted in the activities which were the basis of that determination. (b) CONSULTATIONS WITH AND ACTIONS BY  F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT OF JURISDICTION .— (1) C
ONSULTATIONS .—If the President makes the determinations described in sub-section (a)(1) with respect to a foreign per-son, the Congress urges the President to ini-tiate consultations immediately with the government with primary jurisdiction over that foreign person with respect to the impo-sition of a sanction pursuant to this section. (2) A
CTIONS BY GOVERNMENT OF JURISDIC -
TION.—In order to pursue such consultations with that government, the President may delay imposition of a sanction pursuant to this section for a period of up to 90 days. Fol-lowing such consultations, the President shall impose the sanction unless the Presi-dent determines and certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Government has taken specific and effective actions, including appropriate penalties, to terminate the involvement of the foreign person in the activities described in sub-section (a)(1). The President may delay im-position of the sanction for an additional pe-riod of up to 90 days if the President deter-mines and certifies to the Congress that the government is in the process of taking the actions described in the preceding sentence. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The President shall report to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 90 days after making a determination under subsection (a)(1), on the status of consultations with the appropriate government under this sub-section, and the basis for any determination under paragraph (2) of this subsection that such government has taken specific correc-tive actions. (c) S
ANCTION .— (1) D
ESCRIPTION OF SANCTION .—The sanc-tion to be imposed pursuant to subsection (a)(1) is, except as provided that the United States Government shall not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from any person de-scribed in subsection (a)(3). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The President shall not be required to apply or maintain a sanction under this section— (A) in the case of procurement of defense articles or defense services— (i) under existing contracts or sub-contracts, including the exercise of options for production quantities to satisfy United States operational military requirements; (ii) if the President determines that the person or other entity to which the sanctions would otherwise be applied is a sole source supplier of the defense articles or defense services, that the defense articles or defense services are essential, and that alternative sources are not readily or reasonably avail-able; or (iii) if the President determines that such articles or services are essential to the na-tional security under defense coproduction agreements; (B) to products or services provided under contracts entered into before the date on which the President publishes his intention to impose sanctions; (C) to— (i) spare parts; (ii) component parts, but not finished prod-ucts, essential to United States products or production; or (iii) routine servicing and maintenance of products, to the extent that alternative sources are not readily or reasonably avail-able; (D) to information and technology essen-tial to United States products or production; or (E) to medical or other humanitarian items. (d) T
ERMINATION OF SANCTIONS .—A sanction imposed pursuant to this section shall apply for a period of at least 12 months following the imposition of one sanction and shall cease to apply thereafter only if the Presi-dent determines and certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that reli-able information indicates that the foreign person with respect to which the determina-tion was made under subsection (a)(1) has ceased to aid or abet any foreign govern-ment, project, or entity in its efforts to ac-quire chemical or biological weapons capa-bility as described in that subsection. (e) WAIVER .— (1) C
RITERION FOR WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of any sanction imposed on any person pursuant to this sec-tion if the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is important to the na-tional security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION OF AND REPORT TO CON -
GRESS .—If the President decides to exercise the waiver authority provided in paragraph (1), the President shall so notify the appro-priate congressional committees not less than 20 days before the waiver takes effect. Such notification shall include a report fully articulating the rationale and circumstances which led the President to exercise the waiv-er authority. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) D
EFENSE ARTICLES ; DEFENSE SERVICES .— The terms ‘‘defense articles’’ and ‘‘defense services’’ mean those items on the United States Munitions List or are otherwise con-trolled under the Arms Export Control Act. Subtitle D—Administrative Authorities 
SEC. 851. UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INDUSTRY AND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall ap-point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, an Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security who shall carry out all the functions of the Secretary under this title and such other provisions of law that relate to the implementation of the dual-use export system. (b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF COM-
MERCE .—The President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, two Assistant Secretaries of Commerce to assist the Under Secretary in carrying out the functions described in paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr Hensarling), chairman of the Financial Services Committee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.016 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5691 June 26, 2018 
and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, over the past decade, we have seen rapid technological ad-vances. We have seen an increase in foreign investment in the United States, but we have seen it especially from countries like China and Russia that pose national security concerns to us. Of great alarm, our regulatory sys-tem has not kept pace. Mr. P
ITTENGER ’s bill before us today seeks to change that. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 represents a broad bipartisan agreement to reform our regulatory systems to protect both our national security and to protect our economic prosperity. Specifically, this bill strengthens national security reviews of certain commercial trans-actions conducted by CFIUS, as well as reforms and modernizations in order to bring up to date outdated U.S. export control systems. b1345 That regime is reformed here. I want to thank the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, Mr. H
ENSARLING , for his leadership on this issue. The Committees on Armed Services, on Intelligence, Energy and Commerce, Budget, and Oversight and Government Reform also played important roles in shaping this legislation. This has been a truly collaborative process. Mr. Speaker, this body has not ad-dressed exports of dual-use items— products and services that have both commercial and military application— since the Export Administration Act of 1979. Since that lapse, nearly 25 years ago, successive administrations have relied on emergency authorities that have not kept pace with technological ad-vances. Today, we are acting to fix that prob-lematic lapse because the United States’ position as the world’s largest exporter of goods and services is at risk. We will lose many good-paying jobs if we don’t better secure advanced technology and if we don’t better se-cure intellectual property. That is why, this spring, the Foreign Affairs Committee passed the Export Control Reform Act of 2018. We passed this legislation. And under this ap-proach, reflected in title VIII of the bill before us, modernized U.S. export control laws and regulations will con-tinue to have broad authority gov-erning the transfer of dual-use items and technology to foreign persons, whether that transfer takes place abroad or if that transfer takes place here in the United States. Let me just highlight a few critical features of the export control provi-sions of the legislation. This title of the bill requires that ex-port controls be calibrated and contin-ually updated to ensure lasting U.S. leadership in these fields: science, tech-nology, engineering, manufacturing, and other sectors critical to the indus-trial base. It ensures that sensitive manufac-turing know-how, which may include such items as written or oral commu-nications, blueprints, engineering de-signs, specifications, are subject to ap-propriate export controls regardless of the nature of the underlying trans-action. And lastly, it establishes a new au-thority for the U.S. export control agencies and the Department of De-fense to identify and appropriately con-trol emerging and foundational tech-nologies that may be critical to U.S. national security. This includes artificial intelligence, robotics, augmented and virtual re-ality, new biotechnologies, new finan-cial technologies, and advanced mate-rials. Ten years ago, Mr. SHERMAN and I held a series of hearings to examine China’s increasingly aggressive policies in the wake of the EAA’S expiration. I appreciate his passion for these issues and his understanding of the need to balance our economic and national se-curity interests. We do need a nimble, adaptable sys-tem that protects but doesn’t unduly burden our world-class industries. Modernized U.S. export controls and CFIUS reforms are both critical to the challenges posed by China and by Rus-sia and by others. This bill will help keep America safe, help keep us strong. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM  Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment Risk Re-view Modernization Act of 2018. This bill con-tains provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. As a result of your having con-sulted with me concerning the provisions of the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdic-tion, I agree to forgo consideration of the bill, so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 5841 we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation, and we will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves for-ward so we may address any remaining issues within our Rule X jurisdiction. Fur-ther, I request your support for the appoint-ment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference on this or re-lated legislation. Finally, I would appreciate a response con-firming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Armed Services, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration thereof. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5841, the For-eign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on this bill into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 16, 2018, H.R. 5841, the ‘‘Foreign Investment Risk Review and Modernization Act of 2018’’ was addition-ally referred to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of the measure, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will forgo consid-eration of the measure. This courtesy is con-ditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the legislation or any similar measure, nor will this waiver inhibit the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence’s to address issues of concern going forward. I appreciate your support to the appointment of Members from the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I would appreciate you including our ex-change of letters in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5841. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this and other matters between our respective com-mittees. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5692 June 26, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5841, the Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on this bill into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON ENERGY AND COM-
MERCE , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write in regard to H.R. 5841, Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, which was re-ferred in addition to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual under-standing that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5841, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward to address any remaining issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5841 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during its con-sideration on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5841, the For-eign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on this bill into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5861 and I want to associate my-self with the remarks of Chairman R
OYCE of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. This bill deals with two very related issues. One is investment in the United States when that could indeed under-mine our national security. So this bill would reform the CFIUS process, the process by which we review taking con-trol of a business enterprise in the United States that may have strategic implications. That part of the bill is the product of the Financial Services Committee. The second part of the bill reauthor-izes and reforms our long-lapsed export control statute. I would like to commend Representa-tives H
ECK, PITTENGER , and B ARR for their work on the first part of this bill, and commend Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their lead-ership on the reform and recodification of the Export Control Reform Act. This is a bill that deals with our na-tional security as it may relate to busi-ness; first focusing on investments, then focusing on the sale of products abroad. I have served on the two committees of jurisdiction for over 20 years, and have been working on this issue for all of that time. First, as to the investment or CFIUS portion of the bill, I serve as ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee and know firsthand that Chinese companies are not always driv-en just by their own company profits. But instead, they are looking at a big-ger picture, working with Beijing to advance China’s global interests. And all too often, these interests undermine American national security. Foreign investment in the United States often benefits us. We should en-courage and welcome foreign invest-ments that create jobs for American workers. But when a firm absorbs inno-vative American technology and an in-novative American company and then transfers the know-how and the jobs, often to China, we may have a problem. I am pleased to indicate that the CFIUS portion of this bill has three of my amendments, which are designed to recognize that national security is not just a matter of missiles and warships, but also maintaining our strategic technological edge. The first of my amendments requires that CFIUS focus on the national secu-rity risks of offshoring American jobs. Because when you hollow out the American workforce, when you create a circumstance where Americans no longer have those technical skills, then you undermine our ability to provide for our own national defense. The second deals with the risk of cen-sorship that arises when foreign com-panies acquire our companies engaged in entertainment and information, and requires CFIUS to report to Congress on this issue of controlling our enter-tainment and information industries. We learned in the 2016 election that hostile foreign countries attempt to in-fluence the American public, so we should study the potential for foreign ownership of media in the United States to influence our political dis-course and ultimately our elections and government power. I would point out that if you control broadcasting, if you control movie screens, if you control mechanisms of distribution, you control what movies and TV shows will be made, and we should not put any hostile foreign power in a position to dictate that we never make another movie about Tibet. We never want to put ourselves in a position where China controls what we see on our screens, in our entertain-ment, in our newspapers. I would point out that China already has control over films being distributed in China. They unjustly limit that through a protectionist quota system and use that to try to force American studios to make movies that are con-sistent with the objectives of the Chi-nese Government. My third amendment focuses on the Made in China 2025 program by ac-knowledging that supposedly inde-pendent Chinese companies are, in fact, required to work with their own gov-ernment. Simply put, if you are based in Shanghai, you are going to listen to Beijing, and when the CFIUS process provides heightened scrutiny for gov-ernment-controlled investment, that should apply to any company in a man-aged economy that is, in effect, under government supervision and control. Mr. Speaker, I now move on to the export control portion of this bill, the portion that limits what technology we can sell abroad. This act has not been amended since 1990. It expired in 2001. It has been held together through a series of temporary executive orders. This bill provides for export controls that support U.S. foreign policy goals such as complementing economic sanc-tions, combating terrorism, and pro-hibiting the export of items that will be used in human rights violations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.031 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5693 June 26, 2018 
I offered, and I am pleased that the committee accepted, one of my amend-ments that would require the Depart-ment of Commerce to look at the sig-nificantly negative impacts of con-trolled exports on our defense indus-trial base. When we allow the tools, the dies, the materials for manufacturing to be exported, we, therefore, lose the work-force, lose the capacity, and lose the ability to provide for our own defense. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this important legislation which mod-ernizes CFIUS and our export control laws. Mr. Speaker, seeing no other speak-ers on our side from the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, I would urge my col-leagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the ranking member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee, and I ask unanimous consent that she be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, which the Financial Services Committee ap-proved last month by a unanimous vote of 53–0. I want to thank both Republican and Democrat Members for their effort, but I especially want to thank the bill’s sponsor, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), who has worked tirelessly to develop this legis-lation and bring it to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, we would not be here but for his expertise and leadership. I also want to thank Chairman R
OYCE  for the cooperation of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee working with us on this very important piece of legisla-tion. Finally, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who chairs our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, as well as his ranking member, Ms. M
OORE of Wisconsin. I also happen to see the gentleman from Washington, Mr. H
ECK, and I want to thank him for his contributions as well. The subcommittee held no fewer than four hearings prior to marking up this legislation, and the thoughtfulness that they brought to the issue is some-thing we should all emulate. The bill is a comprehensive reform of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, as it is known; the first update of its kind in over a decade. CFIUS is authorized to review for-eign investment transactions that may threaten our national security. And al-though these authorities have been wielded carefully, Congress must re-main vigilant when delegating addi-tional powers that may have far-reach-ing effects. The reason, Mr. Speaker, is simple. According to a Department of Com-merce study from 2016, 12 million American workers have jobs resulting from foreign investment; 31⁄2million in the manufacturing sector alone. On top of that, the vast majority of foreign investments’ value added comes from deals with U.S. allies. We need to protect our national security while also ensuring that America stays open for business. This is exactly what the House version of FIRRMA does. It closes real gaps in CFIUS’ jurisdiction that could otherwise be exploited by bad actors, but it doesn’t give the government a foothold to go after deals or entire sec-tors on a whim. We target those transactions in coun-tries, including China and Russia, that truly present a national security risk, but without strangling the investment and innovation that makes our country strong to begin with. We also focus on particular assets that are sensitive, assets like sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens or tech-nical information on critical tech-nologies and critical infrastructure rather than walling off entire cat-egories of U.S. companies and indus-tries. b1400 It is also important to know what that bill doesn’t do, Mr. Speaker. We don’t change due process under CFIUS, and we don’t weaken confidentiality requirements that CFIUS is subject to. H.R. 5841 keeps CFIUS accountable. Finally, this legislation recognizes that CFIUS and export controls are complementary. As two sides of the same coin, reforms to both clearly be-long in the same bill. We are pleased to see this legislation include such reforms to the export con-trol regime, again, reforms that passed the Foreign Affairs Committee by voice vote in April. They make the House version of FIRRMA even strong-er. Again, Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Members on both sides of the aisle, es-pecially Mr. P
ITTENGER , but all Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle who con-tributed so thoughtfully to this legisla-tion, including the cooperation of the ranking member. I urge all of my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment Risk Re-view Modernization Act of 2018. This bill represents a bipartisan effort to bring much-needed reform to the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, which serves an important function in the national security area. I would like to thank Chairman HEN-
SARLING , Chairman B ARR, Ranking Member M
OORE , Congressman P
ITTENGER , Congresswoman M ALONEY , and also Congressman H
ECK, who is here today, in particular. Congressman H
ECKhas, for the good part of a year, been working very hard to ensure that any legislation address-es key jurisdictional gaps in the cur-rent scope of CFIUS authority, and this bill does just that. I thank him for his leadership. It is Congress’ responsibility to en-sure that CFIUS appropriately bal-ances the benefits of our traditionally open investment climate with the need to protect our national security. And make no mistake, the national secu-rity threats we face today in this area are both serious and evolving. The world has become a much more com-plicated place since Congress last re-viewed and reformed the CFIUS process a decade ago. The bill brings CFIUS into the 21st century. H.R. 5841 would expand the jurisdic-tion of CFIUS with regard to certain types of transactions that have pre-viously avoided scrutiny, and it re-forms the national security reviews performed by CFIUS to address grow-ing concerns that foreign entities may be using acquisitions of and partner-ships with U.S. businesses to chip away at American technological leadership. The primary concern here is that China’s aggressive industrial policy and their efforts to invest in early stage, cutting-edge U.S. technologies with potential military applications, including artificial intelligence and ro-botics, in part to advance China’s mili-tary modernization, will diminish America’s technological advantage. During the course of our delibera-tions on this legislation, despite some honest intellectual disagreements as to how best to counter this threat, at the end of the day, we understood that we have a responsibility to address these problems in the most effective and effi-cient way possible, in ways that do not undermine other important functions of government, many of which also contribute to our national security. Importantly, this legislation also recognizes that, as the volume of cases and the complexity of transactions continue to increase, expanding the scope of CFIUS without additional re-sources would not only undermine CFIUS’ mission, but it would also de-plete other important government services and functions, both domesti-cally and internationally. So I am very glad that this legisla-tion authorizes $20 million annually for the next 5 years to fund CFIUS’ oper-ation, as well as provide the authority for Treasury to impose a filing fee on the companies that file with CFIUS based on the value of the transaction, taking into account a number of other factors, including the effect of any given fee on small-business concerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.046 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5694 June 26, 2018 
The bill does not address everyone’s concerns yet, including concerns by some entertainment industry stake-holders, which I share. As we move for-ward, I will continue to support ongo-ing refinements to the legislation. H.R. 5841 deserves strong support in the House, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Sub-committee and the author of the FIRRMA bill before us. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his leadership on this very important legislation, H.R. 5841, FIRRMA. I would also like to thank Chairman R
OYCE , Congressman B ARR, and Con-gressman H
ECKfor the significant lead-ership role that they played with this bill, as well as my chief of staff, Clark Fonda, and Assistant Secretary of Treasury Heath Tarbert. They have put in countless hours, working through details and language on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have worked on CFIUS-related issues for nearly 3 years. Prior to FIRRMA, I spent my ef-forts identifying problematic trans-actions and engaging in a public media campaign to raise awareness and stoke government action. Three years later, I am so happy to the say that we have had a robust impact on this issue. For example, we helped prevent the Chicago Stock Exchange from falling into the hands of opaque Chinese own-ership. We protected our defense supply chain by helping stop Lattice Semicon-ductor from being purchased by a Chi-nese state-owned investment fund. We helped prevent the Chinese from ex-ploiting important personal data dur-ing an attempt to purchase MoneyGram. Our successful initiatives have gar-nered the attention of Senator C
ORNYN . We began a yearlong process to draft the original version of FIRRMA. Over the past year, my staff and I have seen dozens of versions of FIRRMA, both introduced versions and redline edits, from various offices and stakeholders. For months, we have fought for the strongest CFIUS reform bill possible. Today, we reach a milestone where floor action is imminent, which is a huge step forward for the cause of CFIUS reform. The version we are con-sidering today, of which I am the spon-sor, includes a number of reforms to strengthen the current system and pre-vent the flow of military-applicable technologies to the Chinese Govern-ment, in particular. The bill creates a process by which countries of special concern, which would include China, would have in-creased oversight when attempting to purchase critical technology compa-nies in the United States. The bill also helps create an inter-agency process through export controls to review overseas joint ventures, a process that is absent under our cur-rent system. While I am pleased that we have got-ten to this point in the legislative process, both the House and Senate versions are departures from the origi-nal FIRRMA concept. However, both would improve significantly the CFIUS and export control processes, as well as have a strong impact on governing Chi-nese and other adversarial invest-ments. Regardless of what actions are taken next to reconcile the differences with the language of the Senate version, passed as part of their NDAA, there are certain principles that should be ad-dressed in the final version. History will record whether we have done our job to prevent the transfer of proprietary intellectual property and critical technologies to adversarial governments. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, to this end, I am encouraged by the progress we have made on this issue, and I am grateful for the opportunity to help move forward important legis-lation to reform CFIUS and export con-trols. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee who has fought tirelessly on CFIUS reform and has been engaged in this process from the beginning, for the purposes of a col-loquy. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member. I do indeed rise to en-gage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Kentucky. The bill we are considering today, unlike the Senate CFIUS bill, does not have specific language dealing with board seats. That notwithstanding, Chairman B
ARR and I share an under-standing that the language of the bill that covers ‘‘involvement, other than through voting shares, in the sub-stantive decision-making of the United States business’’ gives CFIUS jurisdic-tion over investments which would confer membership or observer rights or the right to nominate someone from the board of directors or equivalent governing body of a business. I ask my friend to confirm that un-derstanding. Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HECK. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I espe-cially thank the gentleman for his co-operative, constructive, and bipartisan approach to the legislation, and im-proving the legislation. We are in agreement on this point, that such involvement could cover ac-tivity, including membership on the board of directors and observer rights. In addition, the gentleman makes note of board nominations. As we have seen under current law, CFIUS looks at nominations and the risks that may arise from them. The Broadcom deal was a case in point. However, the lan-guage in this bill makes this jurisdic-tion clearer. The gentleman is right to focus on risks that a board member may pose who is acting on behalf of a foreign in-vestor who nominates the member. The whole point of such nominations could be to involve the foreign investor in substantive decision-making in a way that results in national security risks. H.R. 5841 could cover such a scenario. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this exchange. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 23⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, and the sub-committee chairman who helped craft the bill and helped shepherd it to the markup process. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. I want to thank the House authors of this bill, particularly the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), for his outstanding leadership on this effort; and my friend, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK); also the Senate authors, Senator C
ORNYN and Senator F
EINSTEIN ; and House Chair-man H
ENSARLING , Chairman R OYCE , Chairman N
UNES , Chairman T HORN -
BERRY , and Chairman W ALDEN ; as well as House leadership for their efforts in bringing this nonpartisan legislation to the floor. Just by that list, you understand how complex this issue is because it in-volves not only a multiagency effort of this government, it requires the con-certed and cooperative efforts of many committees in this House and in Con-gress generally because of the shared jurisdiction. In 2016, new foreign direct invest-ment added $894 billion in value to the U.S. economy. Today, 6.8 million American workers are employed by international companies, including 20 percent of U.S. manufacturing workers. In my own district in Kentucky, Toy-ota Motor Manufacturing, Kentucky, Inc. supports 8,500 jobs as a result of benign foreign direct investment, a great example of this. These are typi-cally higher paying jobs. So it is crit-ical that we preserve in the United States an open investment climate, to the extent possible, consistent with na-tional security objectives. But a comprehensive update to both the export control regime and the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.048 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5695 June 26, 2018 
United States, or CFIUS as is it com-monly called, is needed due to the mas-sive surge in malign investments by the Chinese and other bad actors in U.S. assets. This legislation closes loopholes in CFIUS’ jurisdiction and modernizes our process for identifying critical tech-nologies without duplicating agency ef-forts like earlier drafts of this legisla-tion called for, all the while ensuring these transactions are thoroughly vet-ted in a timely manner so that Amer-ica continues to attract much-needed foreign investment that does not impli-cate national security. This legislation also authorizes CFIUS to review sensitive, noncontrol-ling investments in critical technology or infrastructure made by persons af-filiated with countries of special con-cern or threatening actors. These changes improve upon previous versions of the bill that failed to focus CFIUS’ limited resources on the most serious threats and bad actors, includ-ing China. Importantly, this legislation grants CFIUS the authority to review the ac-quisition of real estate near U.S. mili-tary installations and other important national security assets. The legisla-tion uses a new and strengthened inter-agency export control process to re-view joint ventures and outbound ac-tivities. I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership on that point. These reforms strike the right bal-ance between bolstering national secu-rity and ensuring strong economic growth. I encourage my colleagues to support the legislation. b1415 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation which is urgently needed. Our adversaries and competitors are in-deed actively exploiting gaps in our ex-isting CFIUS process, which I would argue has not been materially modern-ized in 30 years, and there are gaps. Right now, purchases of land near our most sensitive national security installations which are purchased to facilitate espionage go unreviewed un-less there happens to be an existing business on that site. Investments that could give our stra-tegic competitors influence and in-sights into our critical technology or the critical infrastructure our country relies on go unreviewed because they fall just short of control of a company. Rights changes that can confer con-trol of a company even without new eq-uity being contributed are not clearly within CFIUS jurisdiction. There is a gap between CFIUS’ exist-ing authority over joint ventures in-volving a whole U.S. business and the export control system’s authority over individual pieces of technology and know-how. Good news. We close these gaps in this bill. I appreciate deeply the willingness of Chairmen HENSARLING and B ARR to work to ensure this legislation effec-tively addresses investments that could expose details of critical tech-nology or critical infrastructure to our strategic competitors and to incor-porate other improvements suggested by our national security committees. Frankly, however, as is no secret, I think there are some other changes that I would like to have had made. For example, the Senate and the origi-nal House bill contained delegation au-thority to help manage an increased workload and more senior officials to oversee the CFIUS process. I also continue to believe that the blacklist used in the House bill will ul-timately be too easy for our adver-saries to evade. Compared to the ap-proach taken by the Senate bill and the original House legislation, the blacklist is also kind of a missed op-portunity, I think, to encourage our al-lies and partners to establish their own CFIUS-like mechanisms compatible with ours because the truth is, we are no safer if we block our competitors from buying a capability here but they buy it from one of our allies or part-ners. That all said, this is a very im-portant step forward. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to stand be-fore you today and urge your support on what I believe is a critical issue of national security. I am equally glad to express my deep appreciation to the ranking member and to the chairmen, both Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. B ARR, and to my friend, R
OBERT PITTENGER . Last statement of the obvious warn-ing, none of us is any better than the quality of our staff. I want to acknowl-edge that I have been very ably as-sisted on this matter for the better part of a year by Erik Ashida of my staff. He has been with me 6 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, he is leaving staff because he has been admitted to the extremely prestigious SAIS pro-gram, School of Advanced Inter-national Studies at Johns Hopkins Uni-versity. I know each of us has experi-ences who have been here any length of time, when you have had a young per-son be with you for many, many years, it creates a sense of loss when they fi-nally decide to take that next step. I am only able to do this because I know that as ably as he has served the people of the 10th Congressional District in our State from which he is from, I know with equal confidence that he will continue to serve America upon completion of his graduate program. He has been the point person in my of-fice working with Members’ offices, and I am deeply appreciative to him for all of his service. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members of this House to endorse and to support this very important national security measure. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, and I ask unanimous con-sent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), who is a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee and a member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee that dealt with this FIRRMA legislation. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for working to-gether on this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 4311, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. It addresses the intersection of national security, intellectual property, and property rights. We have a responsibility to protect the people of the United States of America from threats abroad, and we also have a responsibility to protect the system that has truly made the United States the world’s land of op-portunity. We have had free flow of goods, services, capital, ideas, and, in-deed, people because we have a high functioning rule of law here in Amer-ica. How can the entrepreneur living the American Dream truly thrive in the spirit of enterprise when competing against a foreign state? But that is the very state that he is up against a lot of times in trade as an entrepreneur seeks to grow a corporation backed by a for-eign government. This legislation addresses many of these types of concerns—countries act-ing as companies that pose threats to our national security—and this legisla-tion has been done in a bipartisan, con-structive manner, and I appreciate the input and efforts from Members of both sides of the aisle as well as those in the administration and the private sector who have helped make this meaningful legislation what it is today. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who is the chair-man of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, this effort has been a success because we are bal-ancing the imperatives of national se-curity with maintaining an important open investment climate in the United States. Why that balance is so impor-tant is because preserving benign for-eign direct investment and capital so that research and development in the United States can flourish is important not only to preserve our competitive edge in the global economy, it is im-portant for national security. Our economic strength contributes to our national security. We are striking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.050 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5696 June 26, 2018 
the right balance with this new FIRRMA legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I think this is a very important piece of legislation that has come before the body. I also want to acknowledge that, yes, it is very challenging for this body to en-gage in bipartisan legislation. But we have clearly achieved it today. I think we have achieved it because we know that as Americans we must rally around when it comes to issues of na-tional security. So, again, I want to thank the rank-ing member. I want to thank the gen-tleman from Washington and all other Members on the other side of the aisle for coming together. And as the gen-tleman from Washington said, perhaps not getting exactly the bill that they wanted—I assure the gentleman from Washington I didn’t get exactly the bill I wanted—but we have a very strong bill that I think balances our critical need to safeguard our technology and at the same time recognizes how im-portant foreign direct investment is in growing our economy and being able to afford the type of defense structures that we need so that our national secu-rity is never second to none. Again, Mr. Speaker, we could not have done this first without the leader-ship, the expertise, and the drive of the gentleman from North Carolina. I be-lieve that some form of this bill will soon end up on the President’s desk and we will all thank the gentleman from North Carolina for his leadership in getting America to this point. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I think that all of our speakers have been eloquent in the way that they have described the work that was done on the bill. I am very pleased and proud that on this issue of national security that we were able to come to-gether. I think that what we have done is certainly in the best interests of our country. As the chairman said, some did not get everything that they would like to have in the bill, but we were able to work through the various concerns, I think, in a very honest and open way. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank several of my colleagues, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. E
NGEL , as well as, of course, Chairman H
ENSARLING , Rank-ing Member W
ATERS , and Mr. P
ITTENGER . I want to thank them for incor-porating as title VIII the text that I authored as H.R. 5040, this is the Ex-port Control Reform Act of 2018. This is the measure we put out of the Foreign Affairs Committee. This title modernizes and reforms outdated export controls designed to impose trade controls on the old Soviet bloc. It was long past due that we up-date these controls to reflect the reali-ties of modern international commerce and the national security threats of the century we are in right now. I would urge my colleagues to join us in modernizing both the CFIUS and ex-port controls process which we do now in this combined bill. A ‘‘yes’’ vote will ensure continued U.S. leadership in high technology industries essential to the health of our economy and essen-tial to our national security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5841, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ENDANGERED SALMON AND FISH-ERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 2083. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
A-
VIDSON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2083. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1429 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on en-dangered Columbia River salmon and other non-listed species, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 2083, a bipartisan effort by Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. S CHRADER , aims to cut red tape by updating Fed-eral law to provide a temporary, expe-dited process to give States and Tribes the ability to address California sea lion predation of endangered salmon and other species on a limited basis. Right now, ratepayers in the Pacific Northwest invest hundreds of millions of dollars each year to help recovering salmon populations, only to have them end up in the stomachs of sea lions. Federal law provides conflicting man-dates to protect each species but does not provide the flexibility to account for broader ecological interactions. California sea lion populations on the West Coast have exploded, yet salmon runs continue to decline. According to the Northwest Power and Conservation Council, the sea lion population has grown to a level of roughly 300,000 indi-viduals, and marine biologists conclude that their population is currently at carrying capacity. Historically, California sea lions have foraged at the mouth of the Co-lumbia River, but they have recently continued to move inland. As the sea lions move further upstream to feed, their diet exists increasingly more of endangered salmon. H.R. 2083 will authorize the Secretary of Commerce to provide to State and local Tribes the tools necessary to hu-manely manage sea lions that have mi-grated outside their historic range and pose an imminent threat to fish species listed under the Endangered Species Act. Federal permits authorized under H.R. 2083 would be limited to State and Tribal fishery managers who have a di-rect stake in a healthy regional eco-system. It is absolutely imperative that we give local stakeholders the tools they need for a balanced eco-system where both fish and sea lions can thrive. This bipartisan bill has broad support from States, Tribes, public utility dis-tricts, advocacy groups, and hundreds of local businesses across the Pacific Northwest. It is a win for not only the endangered fish of the Pacific North-west, but the ratepayers who are heav-ily invested in keeping these fish stocks flourishing and healthy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan, common-sense bill. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2083. This legislation claims to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.052 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5697 June 26, 2018 
protect salmon in the Columbia River by authorizing an increase in the an-nual permits to kill California sea lions, Steller sea lions, and harbor seals. It is true that many of our salmon and steelhead runs are not doing well. In 2017, runs of wild salmon and steelhead were the fourth lowest since 1979, and the most recent 3-year trend is steadily downward. It is devastating, I agree, but we should be legislating to address the real threats facing salmon recovery. Impacts to salmon caused by seals and sea lions pale in comparison to the harm caused by so many other threats. Let’s take a minute to go over some of the significant threats facing salm-on: habitat loss and degradation, pes-ticides and toxic contaminants pol-luting tributary habitats, hydropower, invasive species, hatcheries, over-fishing, by-catch, human population growth, climate change, and the bill the House Republicans pushed today to block court-mandated water releases from Federal dams to aid in salmon re-covery. I cannot support this bill. It does not address the root causes of salmon popu-lation decline and, instead, unfairly scapegoats sea lions. Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, thanks to K
URT SCHRADER , who has been a partner with me on this leg-islation for a while—actually, since be-fore I was here, he has been working on this bill—and today is a good day. ‘‘I would like to think that there might still be salmon and steelhead to fish for when my great-grandkids try fishing.’’ That is from Bob, who lives in Brush Prairie in my district. I have heard Bob’s sentiments echoed literally from thousands of folks across south-west Washington. Unfortunately, our salmon runs are now fighting for survival. It is prac-tically a miracle when a fish can make it upstream without getting caught be-tween a sea lion’s teeth. They certainly don’t get caught unscathed. Mr. Chairman, what we currently have on the Columbia River is an eco-system seriously out of balance. I re-cently met with local fishing guides who, with despair in their voices, told me between 70 and 100 percent of the fish they land show visible signs of a struggle with a sea lion, barely escap-ing becoming a meal for the already engorged sea lions. We are seeing fewer and fewer salmon, steelhead, and stur-geon make it past this gauntlet of sea lions as the fish make their way up-stream. Donald from Vancouver told me the other day he reeled in a salmon—half of a salmon. A sea lion was fighting him for the other half. Look, we are not anti-sea lion. Oh, my goodness, no. We are just for pro-tecting our native fish, a Pacific Northwest icon, and in order to do that, we have got to make it easier to remove some of the most egregious of-fenders, problematic pinnipeds. Sea lions aren’t endangered anymore. In fact, they are doing really, really well. They weigh a ton. Literally, a Steller sea lion can weigh up to 1 ton. Between the California and the Steller sea lions, their populations have in-creased by hundreds of thousands, and now they are overindulging on an all- you-can-eat buffet of salmon at num-bers that are totally unnatural on the Columbia River system. The sea lions are winning this battle. Forty-five percent of spring Chinook adult salmon disappear between the mouth of the Columbia River and the Bonneville Dam. Oregon’s fish and wildlife agency has concluded after much study that the Willamette River steelhead runs are facing a 90 percent chance of extinction due to predation. That is why we are here today, Mr. Chairman, in a bipartisan effort to save our wild fish from being decimated by animals that have migrated out of their natural habitat and whose popu-lation is ever increasing. My bill, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, provides Tribal and government re-source managers with the means to rapidly respond and remove California and Steller sea lions from specific areas where they are posing the most harm to our salmon restoration efforts. The Columbia River makes up the en-tire southern border of my district. The river is a lifeline for clean, afford-able energy and brings economic ben-efit through both recreational and commercial fishing. While the lethal take of sea lions is a last resort, it is necessary to protect the hundreds of millions of dollars in investments that the Northwest resi-dents have made to protect and en-hance salmon and other ESA-listed species on the Columbia River. Nonlethal solutions like hazing and, literally, transporting sea lions hun-dreds of miles away and releasing them have not worked. The sea lions come right back. In Washington State, we are forced to live with a cautionary tale of failing to take strong action. In the 1980s and 1990s, Federal officials failed to grant the same authority that we are asking for today to halt the salmon slaughter in Seattle at the Ballard Locks. By the time Congress acted, a whole run of steelhead was decimated. Let’s not allow history to repeat itself. H.R. 2083 is a much-needed solu-tion. The bill would amend section 120 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act to authorize the Secretary of Com-merce to provide States and local Tribes with the tools necessary to hu-manely manage sea lions on the waters of the Columbia River and its tribu-taries as long as the sea lions are not part of an ESA-listed species. This is common sense, Mr. Chairman. Additionally, this legislation allows not only the Northwest State wildlife agencies, but also qualified Tribes to obtain permits to help protect the re-covery of ESA-listed salmon, authority not granted currently under the law. Simply put, my bill cuts through the bureaucratic red tape, streamlines the permitting process, and allows States and Tribes to rapidly respond to re-move sea lions from areas they pose the most threat to salmon recovery. Mr. Chairman, this is the last line of defense against fish runs bordering on extinction. This bill enjoys bipartisan support both here in Congress and at home. As I mentioned, my friend and neighbor to the south, KURTSCHRADER , has been an invaluable partner in getting this bill to the floor today. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, this legislation is supported by the Governors of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho; the Columbia River Inter- Tribal Fish Commission; the Wash-ington, Idaho, and Oregon State De-partment of Fish and Wildlife; the Ilwaco Charter Association; the Coali-tion of Coastal Fisheries; and the Coastal Conservation Association of Oregon and Washington. Public utili-ties are among the bill’s supporters. I am also pleased a companion bill is moving through the Senate now, with bipartisan support, underscoring the urgency of this issue. I ask my colleagues to join me today in supporting H.R. 2083. Let’s make sure our kids and our grandkids and great-grandkids can experience the thrill of reeling in their first salmon on the Columbia River. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am disappointed to be standing here today to debate a bill that has become quite familiar to the House Natural Resources Committee over the past three Congresses. I must point out the obvious fact, Mr. Chairman, that killing of sea lions is not a silver bullet for a salmon re-covery. This bill is a five-cent solution to a $10 problem. The fact is the sea lion predation pales in comparison to the harm caused to endangered salmon runs by habitat loss, dam operation, pesticides, invasive species, and several other human activities. The bill does abso-lutely nothing to address any of these major causes of salmon decline. For example, NOAA Fisheries has found that the estimated salmon and steelhead production in the Columbia River basin is over 10 million fish below historic levels, with 8 million of that loss attributable to hydropower development and operation. I must also point out the hypocrisy here. The bill before us today is de-scribed as a salmon protection act, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.054 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5698 June 26, 2018 
it follows a series of House Republican priority bills that would push the West Coast salmon population to the brink of extinction. Just this April, my Republican col-leagues pushed through the House H.R. 3144, known in the fishing community as the ‘‘Salmon Extinction Act,’’ in-tended to block protection measures that experts tell us are necessary for salmon survival. Last year, we saw similar attacks on salmon, Tribes, and the salmon fishing industry when House leadership rushed H.R. 23, also known as the GROW Act, through the House. This bill sought to eliminate protections for wild Cali-fornia salmon and put California’s na-tive fisheries and the thousands of jobs it supported on the path to extinction, meaning thousands of job losses across California, Oregon, and Washington State. House leadership pushed that bill even though estimates showed that 78 percent of California’s native salmon will be extinct this century under cur-rent trends. The congressional war on salmon has continued with riders in this year’s ap-propriations bills. For example, the House Energy and Water Appropria-tions bill, approved by this Chamber earlier this month, will block the res-toration of salmon runs in the Colum-bia River and California’s San Joaquin River. As if that were not enough, the Inte-rior and CJS Appropriations bills also include riders that are being supported by the Republican majority. Yet here we are talking about killing hundreds of seals and sea lions because my Re-publican colleagues claim they want to recover salmon. Let’s be clear: The anti-salmon legis-lation and riders coming out of Con-gress are far bigger threats to salmon recovery than the sea lions’ snacking habits. Restoring wild salmon that are under threat requires a sophisticated response that tackles the most press-ing issues impacting salmon popu-lations. Instead, we are here today scapegoating marine mammals that are themselves under threat from this House’s effort to roll back the Marine Mammal Protection Act in order to help oil and gas companies. Marine mammals and salmon have coexisted together for millennia. Un-fortunately, neither one has enough de-fenses against the agenda of the Repub-lican Congress. We don’t have to pick and choose which creatures are worthy of survival. I would encourage my col-leagues to get serious about addressing the whole range of stressors that are driving salmon to extinction: dam op-erations, pesticides, invasive species, and human activities that are pre-venting full salmon recovery. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject today’s effort to force Con-gress to pick and choose between wild-life, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I would only say that, when there is a population of 300,000 sea lions, I would not call that endangered. They are pro-tected under a Federal law, but they are not found to be endangered or threatened, as far as I know. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ), who is also a bipartisan co-sponsor of this bill. b1445 Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, this is what our cuddly sea lions do to our iconic salmon in the Columbia and Wil-lamette Rivers. Salmon are an important part of the culture, the identity, and the economy of the people and Tribes of the Pacific Northwest. It is one of the reasons why we, as a region, have put so much time, energy, and resources into protecting and recovering these iconic fish. Along with my good friend and col-league from the other side of the Co-lumbia River, Representative H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER , we have worked very hard with the three States in our region, our Tribes, our wildlife agencies, and our colleagues here in Congress to find common ground and to craft a bill that meets our needs to protect endangered salmon, but also addresses concerns about what happens to the sea lions. Today’s consideration of H.R. 2083 marks nearly 9 years that I have been working on this legislation with my colleague from Washington. During that time, sea lion predation on endan-gered salmon and steelhead runs has increased exponentially, and the re-sults have been dramatic. Much like the Ballard Locks in Se-attle that my colleague referred to ear-lier, we are facing our own imminent extinction threat with the Willamette winter steelhead run if we don’t act im-mediately. That is just a fact. In the case of the Ballard Locks, we didn’t act soon enough. The pinniped predation drove that steelhead run to extinction. We cannot repeat the same mistake. It is important to note that nothing in this bill will harm sea lion populations. They are thriving—thanks to the Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act—with a population that now hovers in the 300,000 range. NOAA has concluded that the Cali-fornia sea lions have reached their maximum carrying capacity. It is a re-markable success story. We want that to continue. But with this success, we also need to recognize that these sea lions no longer need the same level of protections that they did when they first passed the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act in the early 1970s, when their numbers were only in the 70,000 range. Now they are threatening, in non-his-toric areas, to move up the rivers, where they have no history, and elimi-nate our salmon. There is a 20 to 25 per-cent predation on these salmon. Our bill would allow the selective re-moval of problematic sea lions that are congregating at the Bonneville Dam, Willamette Falls, and some of the trib-utaries of key estuaries. Research has shown that removing these sea lions before they habituate to these areas prevents additional ani-mals recruiting to these areas and would result in having to remove fewer sea lions over time. We have heard some arguments that we shouldn’t focus on sea lions, that we should take a comprehensive approach. My good colleague from Arizona said there is no silver bullet here. I agree. I agree. We have been doing nonlethal hazing for more than 15 years that has been totally ineffective. Transport these sea lions to the coast from the middle of Oregon, and they are back in 5 days at the Willamette Falls. Every entity involved in salmon management, from Tribes to fishermen to dam operators, has altered their be-havior to protect salmon. Pacific Northwest ratepayers, through their electric bills, contribute nearly $1 bil-lion a year, the biggest fish recovery program in America, a third of their electric bill, to help fund the largest fish mitigation program. This money goes toward the habitat restoration that was alluded to; im-provements to fish ladders, fish screens, turbines; improving hatch-eries. It is our responsibility as Mem-bers of Congress to safeguard the pub-lic investment in improving these salmon runs. This is not a radical bill. This is a thoughtful, narrow approach that is based on sound science, brought to us by the Departments of Fish and Wild-life of the three States in question and supported by Jay Inslee of Washington and Kate Brown of Oregon, Democratic Governors; Butch Otter of Idaho, a Re-publican Governor; Tribes; wildlife agencies; and biologists. Senators C
ANTWELL and R ISCH have introduced a companion bill in the Senate. Most importantly, the process will require the following: NOAA still will review the permit application and issue a request for public comment. NOAA will form a task force to review the ap-plication and make recommendations. NOAA will conduct a NEPA review. We have a great many people doing incredible work. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I just want to thank everyone for their strong effort in this area: the Tribes; Liz Hamilton, Bob Rees, and our con-servation community; Curt Melcher and his team at ODF&W, Shaun Clements and Ed Bowles; and our friends on the other side of the river at WDFW also. All these folks have been tremendous partners. I can’t thank them enough. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from across the river, J
AIME HERRERA  B
EUTLER . It has been a great partner-ship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.055 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5699 June 26, 2018 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support our region and our efforts to protect and support our salmon. I ask for your help and to support this legis-lation today. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, for many, this is an emotional debate. I would concede the point that this is not a silver bullet. What we are talking about in par-ticular are a few species of salmon that are on the verge of extinction, and whether or not this bill passes will de-termine their future. It already extir-pated a run at Ballard Locks. We have a place in Oregon called Wil-lamette Falls, 120 miles from the mouth of the Columbia River. Histori-cally, there have been no sea lions there. There have been no changes in that structure in 100 years. Yet, the passage of wild salmon, which was normally 5,000 to 8,000, has dropped down to 500 because of the pre-dation with 40 sea lions hanging out, munching, basically, at the fish ladder. Here is where sea lions are at. The optimal population is between this red line and this blue line. They actually have exceeded that blue line, which means they have recently exceeded and now are maybe dropping back to the maximum sustainable population. We are talking about a few hundred problem animals, which then teach other animals where they can get a free lunch. That is really the key here. This is based in science. We have a probability of 89 percent of extinction of the Willamette winter steelhead that go over Willamette Falls because of the sea lions that hang out there. They have tried everything: sonic guns, harassment, removal. They took them 300 miles away. They swim pretty good; they are back in 5 days. And they tell other sea lions along the way: Hey, come on, follow me. I know a great place to go. If we were to remove just a few of these problem sea lions, it is very like-ly that it will be a long time before an-other set of sea lions learns to go 120 miles up the river to the Willamette Falls. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, so the con-ditions are that these would have to be problem sea lions that have been marked; they have been removed; they have been harassed; they have come back; and they have to be 112 miles up the river. This is not a normal condi-tion, that sea creatures are 112 miles up a freshwater river. There are critical areas on the Co-lumbia, up by the dams, up by the Wil-lamette Falls, and in some of the tribu-taries, which are the most productive salmon grounds in the country where they are starting to hang out. And they are eating almost exclusively salmon, steelhead, and now sturgeon, which are also a threatened species. As my colleague from Oregon said, NOAA will review the permit. We will have public comment. They will have a task force to review the application and make recommendations or modi-fications. There will be a NEPA review. That was one of the critical elements. It was a problem with the earlier bill, and a number of us insisted upon a NEPA re-view. NOAA will approve or deny the permit with conditions, and that will be monitored on an annual basis. Again, the argument that, well, other sea lions are just going to take their place, has not been proven by science. In fact, there are only a couple of hun-dred that are these problem creatures and are going upstream. Ultimately, others will follow them and become habituated. If we can remove the worst of the problem ones, then perhaps we won’t drop down. In fact, the recent es-timates are we are down to a 6 percent chance of survival—this is a little out of date—of the winter steelhead be-cause of this year’s predation. There is another chart. I don’t have it here. It shows, yes, the structures were built 100 years ago. That impeded the winter steelhead. There has been a fish ladder. Locks were built there for navigation. That hasn’t changed in 100 years. So the populations were healthy at 5,000 to 8,000. Suddenly, now we are down to 512. Something is happening. It is the sea lions. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. KILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 2083, which would provide targeted relief to endangered salmon and steelhead stocks in the Columbia River and its tributaries from the threat of predation by non-native sea lions. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER for her work on this bill, and Mr. S
CHRADER from Oregon, and take this opportunity to highlight the many weeks of bipartisan negotia-tions, which included revisions from the National Marine Fisheries Service, our State and Tribal wildlife coman-agers, and other key stakeholders that resulted in this compromise bill text. It is because of that consensus that I am able to voice my support for this bill today. I am thankful for that be-cause I care about salmon and pro-tecting salmon. I care about fishing jobs, and I care about Tribal treaty rights. And I care about the other ani-mals in our ecosystem that rely on a healthy salmon stock, like the endan-gered Southern Resident orca popu-lation, of which there are few in our oceans, fewer than the number of peo-ple who serve in this Chamber. We have heard from our State and Tribal wildlife managers that, if salm-on predation at the Willamette Falls choke point is not addressed imme-diately, there is a 90 percent prob-ability that at least one of the winter steelhead populations will go extinct. Enhanced management of the sea lion predators at this site would make a difference immediately. I also want to underscore that we already have years of data to show that nonlethal hazing and relocation measures cur-rently employed by our wildlife man-agers have not been effective at con-trolling the predators. In fact, the problem has only gotten worse. A decade ago, these predators used to congregate only at distinct choke points created by the Bonneville Dam and Willamette Falls. Today, they are moving further inland into the narrow tributaries of the Columbia basin. But there is good news. Research from Oregon State University suggests that only a small portion of the sea lion population will ever exhibit this behavior and removing these animals before they acclimate to these areas prevents additional animals from learning this behavior. So, the sooner we act, the fewer ani-mals that will ultimately be affected. To put this in perspective, of the 4,000 California sea lions in the Colum-bia River estuary, only about 200 ever swim upriver past the 112-mile mark. It is these animals that are having the greatest effect on the most vulnerable stocks in the watershed. I will tell you what is at stake: Jobs. It is the livelihood of our commercial, recreational, and Tribal fishermen who are counting on us to rebuild these stocks. It is the future of our Southern Resident orca population that depends on spring chinook as a key food source. It is the identity of the Pacific North-west that, in many ways, is defined by these iconic fish. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan compromise so that our State and Tribal wildlife co-managers have the tools they need to address this threat in the most respon-sible and targeted way possible. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I include the RECORD letters of support for this legislation from Trout Unlimited, the Pacific Coast Federation of Fisher-men’s Associations, and an additional list of supporters. 
TROUT UNLIMITED , June 26, 2018. Re Trout Unlimited Support for H.R. 2083, Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Preda-tion Prevention Act. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the under-signed represent the nearly 10,000 members of Trout Unlimited in the states of Wash-ington, Oregon and Idaho. Trout Unlimited is the country’s largest and oldest, coldwater conservation organization with over 300,000 members and supporters nationwide. TU has been deeply engaged in wild salmon and steelhead recovery efforts in the Colum-bia Basin for several decades, and it is our goal to restore healthy, fishable, naturally reproducing salmon and steelhead popu-lations. Many issues impact salmon and steelhead recovery efforts in the Columbia Basin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.057 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5700 June 26, 2018 
Habitat degradation, hydropower operations, harvest and hatchery management issues are all significant factors. This legislation will help to provide resource managers with the necessary tools to help reduce predation by pinnipeds, a problem which has become in-creasingly significant over the last decade, and is particularly impactful at key loca-tions, such as Willamette Falls. Pinniped predation rates in the basin are significant. NMFS marine mammal biolo-gists believe that sea lion predation accounts for 20% of Spring Chinook Salmon losses in the Columbia. Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife has completed a risk analysis that place the likelihood of extinction for wild winter steelhead in the Willamette river at 90% due in part to pinniped predation at the falls in Oregon City. H.R. 2083 would amend the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act to allow NOAA to issue permits allowing state agency representa-tives in Washington, Oregon and Idaho, as well as several area tribes to use lethal take of sea lions in a portion of the Columbia river or certain tributaries in order to pro-tect fish from sea lion predation. While we support a targeted approach to culling individual sea lions in specific areas to help reduce the impact to wild salmon and steelhead populations, we recognize that this action is necessary, but not at all sufficient, to help recover salmon and steelhead popu-lations. To rebuild wild salmon and steelhead we need to take a comprehensive, science-based approach that addresses other major factors in their decline. Restoring their habitat, improving hatchery operations and fine-tuning angling regulations must be part of the long-term solution. Many of these actions are underway, and we need to redou-ble these efforts. We urge you to vote yes on H.R. 2083. Sincerely, T
ERRY TURNER , Oregon Council Chair. E
DNORTHERN , Idaho Council Chair. B
RADTHROSSEL , Washington Council Chair. 
PACIFIC COAST FEDERATION  
OFFISHERMEN ’SASSOCIATIONS , June 25, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations (PCFFA) is the largest organization of com-mercial fishermen on the West Coast, rep-resenting the interests of hundreds of fam-ily-owned commercial fishing operations who harvest and deliver fresh seafood to American consumers and for export. Collec-tively, we represent many thousands of fam-ily wage jobs and a West Coast commercial fishing industry that contributes billions of dollars to the U.S. economy. On behalf of the hundreds of hard working commercial fishermen we represent, we write to request your SUPPORT for H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. This bill would allow state and tribal wildlife managers to apply for a permit to humanely euthanize in-dividual marine mammals in the Columbia River that are known to prey on endangered salmon as they line up at fish ladders at-tempting to return to their natal streams to spawn. This bill provides an immediate, surgical solution to a significant problem in a highly impacted western river, the Columbia. Im-pediments to fish passage and severe flow curtailment from hydropower dams have re-sulted in severe depletion of the Pacific Northwest’s most productive salmon river. These impacts have cost commercial fishing families billions of dollars in lost oppor-tunity. While long-term solutions including dam removal and robust instream flow re-quirements will ultimately be required, im-mediate-term approaches like this bill are desperately needed. The limited, targeted culling of salmon predators on the Columbia is one such solution that will yield imme-diate results while long-term approached can be designed. We therefore urge your support for this bill. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, NOAHOPPENHEIM , Executive Director. 
American Sport Fishing Association; Asso-ciation of Northwest Steelheaders; Coastal Conservation Association of Washington; State of Idaho; State of Oregon; State of Washington; Chelan PUD; Douglas PUD; Grant PUD; Northwest RiverPartners; Yak-ima Bait co.; Leisure Sales; North Point Per-sonalized Wealth; Northwest Sportsman Magazine; O’Loughlin Trade Shows; Island Creative Printing & Publishing; Active Out-doors; Stevens Marine; Day One Outdoors, LLC & CK; Eagle Cap Fishing Guides. Skylen Freet Guided Sportfishing, LLC; Dick Nite Spoons, Inc.; Poulsen Cascade Tackle, LLC; Western Fishing Adventures Ltd.; Bill Monroe Outdoors, LLC; Angler In-novations, Inc.; Smokehouse Products, LLC; D & G Bait, Inc.; Oregon, Rod, Reel & Tack-le; Total Fisherman Guide Service; BPG Wealth; It’s All Good Guide Service; Luhr Jensen & Son’s; McKenzie River Guides As-sociation; The Merifield Company; FISHENG PRODUCTS; Seasonal Marketing; Team Hookup Guide Services; OLLIE DAMON’S; Maxima Fishing Line; Three Rivers Marine; Oregon Tackle Mfg; Northwest Guides and Anglers Assocation; Northwest Sportfishing Industry Association; Public Power Council; Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commis-sion; Pacific Coast Federation of Fisher-men’s Association; Bayside Guided Adven-tures; BS Fish Tales Inc—Brad’s; Pro-Cure Inc.; NW Fish Quest; Silver Horde Fishing Supplies, Inc.; Harry Bresnahans’s Guide Service; Fisherman’s Marine and Outdoor; Jeff Robles & Associates; Hawken Fishing LLC; Morton and Associates; Ancient Mar-iner Guide Service; Robin Daft; Bob’s Sport-ing Goods. Anderson & Anderson Engineering, LLC; Big Rock Sports; Big C Tackle; Fish-Field Inc.; Fish Marketing; LEO Flashers; On Tar-get Outdoors, LLC; Gunarama Wholesale; Elbe Mall; Lamiglas; Maschmedt & Associ-ates; Jemama Dreams; Trucke’s 1-Stop; Tillamook Sporting Goods; Renaissance Ma-rine Group, Inc.; North River Boats; Coho Steel; S&C Rod Racks; Baxter Industrial Analysis; Twisted Waters Guide Service. Anderson’s Outdoors LLC; Jewell School District #8; Bob Rees’ Fishing Guide Service; Rubber Resource, Inc.; United States Gyp-sum; Peck’s Guide Service; Winter Run Guide Service; Paradise Guide Service; Township Properties; Northwest Angling Ex-perience; Metro Aviation; Astoria Fishing Charters; The Guide’s Forecast; Grant’s Out-doors Adventures; Fish It All Guide Service LLC; Oregon River Trails Outfitter; Bran-don’s Guide Service; Anglers Obsession; Aus-tin’s Northwest Adventures; Fishhouse Out-door Company Guide. Ocks Fishing Adventures; Land and Wild-life, Bill Meyer Fishing; CT Sport Fishing; Brookings Fishing Charters; Sharkys Char-ters; BC Angling Supply; Frank Amato Pub-lications; Pat Abel’s Guide Service; River Trail Outfitters; Coho Design; NW Rods; Wild Salmon Center; Coastal Coalition of Fish-eries; Ilwaco Charter Association; Westport Charter Boat Association; Salmon For All; Puget Sound Anglers; Coastal Trollers Asso-ciation; Ilwaco Fish Company; Englund Ma-rine Inc.; Sheldon Oyster Company; Excel Fishing and Charters. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I am proud to be able to rise and speak on this bill. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, and I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. This bill was introduced on a bipar-tisan basis by members of the Pacific Northwest delegation to address the matter of predatory sea lions that are consuming alarming numbers of endan-gered salmon, steelhead, and other fish species in the Columbia River and its tributaries. b1500 Over the past few decades, sea lion populations have increased tenfold, causing sea lions to expand their search for food. There is just too many of them for their traditional food sources. Well, Mr. Chairman, they have found that source. Sea lions swimming up to the Bonneville Dam are gorging them-selves on endangered salmon not only for food, but, Mr. Chairman, there are so many of them, they are also doing it for sport. I have seen this myself while visiting a dam, where I saw what sci-entists and river managers regularly see: fish passing by—through those windows that you can watch the mi-grating salmon—with massive bite marks through their bodies. Most of the time, that leads to fatality for these fish. A recent NOAA study found that sea lions consumed up to 45 percent of sev-eral stocks of returning adult salmon last year. The Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife found that winter steelhead will go extinct if sea lion populations are not managed, placing the likelihood of extinction at 90 per-cent. This bill would stop this severe prob-lem by amending the Marine Mammal Protection Act to allow NOAA to issue permits allowing State agencies and regional Tribes to use lethal take of sea lions in certain portions of the Co-lumbia River and its tributaries. This legislation will help protect fish from sea lion predation and is desperately needed in order to save an endangered fish species. Unfortunately, Ranking Member G
RI-
JALVA and the minority of the House Natural Resources Committee have once again reverted to fear-mongering, just as they have done on other issues facing the Pacific Northwest. I have heard this legislation called the ‘‘Slaughter Seals and Sea Lions Act,’’ and it claimed the legislation will au-thorize a ‘‘massive increase in annual permits to kill sea lions and seals.’’ Nothing could be further from the truth. This legislation demonstrates a tar-geted approach and a bipartisan, con-certed effort over many years to come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.032 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5701 June 26, 2018 
to a consensus on this serious issue. In fact, the bill places strict limits on sea lion removal that are one-tenth the amount NOAA states would have no impact on sea lion population. I am disappointed in these outlandish and false claims that the minority has propagated. The Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation state: ‘‘We are saddened to see such an inac-curate, emotional, and nonscientific attack on legislation our region is des-perate to see enacted.’’ And, Mr. Chair-man, I could not agree more. Fortunately, the wide-ranging coali-tion and bipartisan support behind this legislation speaks for itself: from the three respective Governors of the three States of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho; to the Yakama, Nez Perce, Warm Springs, and Umatilla Tribes; to groups like the Pacific Power Council, Northwest River Partners, Trout Un-limited, and Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations, this legis-lation is supported by environmental organizations, the fishing industry, power and utility interests, State and Tribal governments, and both Demo-crats and Republicans alike right here in the House and in the Senate. The ranking member earlier stated that this bill is not a silver bullet, and, Mr. Chairman, I don’t disagree. I cer-tainly acknowledge that this is just one tool to continue the tremendous ef-forts and significant resources our re-gion has devoted to fish protection and mitigation, but it is an important one. I continue to advocate for sound science approaches to managing our Columbia River system, including speaking out against the recklessly mandated spill order currently placed upon the Federal river system. That is why I supported H.R. 3144 earlier this year to stop this spill and to provide the experts who manage our river sys-tem with the ability to do so in a man-ner that is best for our fish species. For the record, the minority of the House Natural Resources Committee called the bill the ‘‘Salmon Extinction Act’’—more disappointing hyperbole. I would encourage the ranking member and his staff to focus more on the science and less on the radical rhetoric. Mr. Chairman, just as my bipartisan colleagues support this legislation we consider today, I continue to plead for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and in the Senate to recognize the science showing how dangerous spilling to the gas caps is. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2083. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I sincerely thank the ranking member for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2083. You have heard a good number of ar-guments in favor of this bill today: the urgent threat posed by sea lions to en-dangered salmon and steelhead; the fundamental importance of salmon to the economy and culture of the Pacific Northwest and, especially, the native peoples who have depended on these stocks since time immemorial. But I want to talk about another rea-son, which was alluded to earlier, and that is the issue of the orca. June hap-pens to be National Orca Month in Washington State. The southern resi-dent orcas are an iconic species for us. They reside principally in the Puget Sound, and they are dying. The very fish that are taken by these sea lions migrate there and are an important part of their food stock. There are 75 resident orcas left, less than when they were put on the endan-gered species list, fewer orcas today than when they were listed. A large part of it is that they don’t have enough Chinook salmon to eat, and the reason for that is because the sea lions are eating them first. I want to remind the Chamber these sea lions are not even indigenous to the Columbia River. They have only been here a little more than three decades. They came here and found lunch and, along with it, put our orca at risk. Our State resource managers esti-mate sea lions consume about 20 per-cent of the Columbia’s spring Chinook run—20 percent, one in five. We all recognize saving these iconic orcas will take a comprehensive solu-tion. I don’t deny that. And, of course, it isn’t a silver bullet, but it will help. It is something this body can do today to save our orcas. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, with my com-pliments to the gentlewoman from the Third Congressional District and all who have worked so tirelessly on be-half of H.R. 2083. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 2083 authorizes the lethal taking of over 1,000 sea lions and an unknown amount of seals annually. Counter to what we have heard, the bill will not significantly aid in the recovery of salmon populations but needlessly tar-gets seals and sea lions. I think we have to put this piece of legislation in context to what this House has done and what the Natural Resources Committee has done: a pat-tern. It is another example of how my Republican colleagues view wildlife management policy in the 21st century. We have too many attacks on wildlife in this Congress. Last year, Republicans released a bill to overturn a 2016 judicial decision to allow the shooting of cormorants with-out ever considering nonlethal manage-ment. The claimed rationale is to pro-tect sports fishing and aquaculture, al-though scant science, evidence, or fact exists to prove that the birds signifi-cantly impact fish populations. In February of last year, this Cham-ber voted to allow the Fish and Wildlife Service to shoot bear cubs from a heli-copter and gas wolf pups in their dens on Alaska National Wildlife Refuges to artificially inflate populations of moose and caribou prized by trophy hunters. In the 115th Congress, Republicans have introduced dozens of bills and pol-icy riders targeting the Endangered Species Act and species like the gray wolf, grizzly bears, greater sage-grouse, delta smelt, and Chinook salmon. The Trump administration’s an-nouncement that the Department of the Interior will now consider trophy imports on a case-by-case basis gave life to harmful bills in Congress that support trophy killing of elephants and lions in African countries for purported conservation purposes. In the midst of all of the mass shoot-ings in the country, committee Repub-licans tried to disguise an NRA-backed bill as a sportsmen’s bill, the SHARE Act, which would deregulate silencers and armor-piercing bullets. All these attacks on wildlife have been constant, they have not been backed in science, and they have not been supported by science or fact. We all would like to see legislation that would tackle the real threats fac-ing imperiled wildlife and, in this par-ticular legislation, to do a study to as-sess that and then to talk about the kinds of efforts that could be under-taken to protect the salmon. But to merely do that without the science and the study I think is a mistake, and it fits into a pattern that is all too com-mon and puts this legislation within the same context and the same pattern as the other pieces of legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA  B
EUTLER ), who will talk, among other things, about the mitigation efforts that the ratepayers have been funding for the salmon. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, I include in the R
ECORD a letter of support from the Public Power Council and a letter of support from the States of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho Departments of Fish and Wildlife and the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission. 
JUNE22, 2018. To: Speaker Ryan, Minority Leader Pelosi, and Northwest Congressional Delegation. Re Support for H.R. 2083 and S. 1702—To re-duce marine mammal predation on en-dangered Columbia River salmon. We come together today to lend our strong and joint support for H.R. 2083 and S. 1702, bills that would reduce predation of endan-gered adult salmon and steelhead. The Pub-lic Power Council (PPC) is a not for profit association that represents about 100 con-sumer-owned electric utilities in the Pacific Northwest on issues regarding the Federal Columbia River Power System. The Colum-bia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission (CRITFC) provides coordination and tech-nical assistance to the tribes in regional, na-tional, and international efforts to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.061 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5702 June 26, 2018 
that treaty fishing rights issues are pro-tected in a way that guarantees the continu-ation and restoration of tribal fisheries into perpetuity. In the last few decades, west coast sea lion populations have increased ten-fold. This growing population has expanded its search for food and found it in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers, river systems they had never before accessed. A recent NOAA Fish-eries study estimates that pinnipeds con-sumed between 10–45 percent of some stocks of returning adult salmon in 2017. It is dif-ficult to envision a successful recovery plan for fish listed under the Endangered Species Act without addressing this aggressive pre-dation on the very adult fish that have bene-fitted from current efforts only to fall short in surviving a return to their spawning grounds. H.R. 2083 and S. 1702, introduced in the first session of the 115th Congress, address this concern by building on existing authori-ties that allow some lethal take of sea lions near Bonneville Dam by appropriate tribal and state entities. Fisheries biologists esti-mate predation would greatly decrease by in-corporating all management activity in the areas of high predation between the mouth of the river up to the dam. These bills are widely supported in the Northwest. In addition to this joint support from CRITFC and PPC, regional governors from both parties, along with other indus-tries who rely on healthy salmon and steelhead runs, have come together to back these bills. We are hopeful the proposals will receive broad bipartisan support in the House of Representatives and Senate. This situation continues to expand sup-porters of this legislation among diverse in-terests in the public, private and nonprofit sectors. Our joint support represents that healthy salmon and steelhead runs are crit-ical to the future of the Columbia River trea-ty tribes and utilities. This bill would give fisheries managers greater tools to appro-priately reduce predation of these endan-gered fish. Again, we support H.R. 2083 and S. 1702 and urge their expeditious passage through Congress. Sincerely, S
COTT CORWIN , Executive Director, Public Power Council. J
AIME A. P INKHAM , Executive Director, Columbia River Inter- Tribal Fish Commission. 
JUNE25, 2018. Hon. Speaker R
YAN, Hon. Leader P
ELOSI , Hon. Chairman B
ISHOP , Hon. Ranking Member G
RIJALVA . As directors of the co-managing agencies charged with conserving fish and wildlife in Oregon, Washington, and Idaho, we are writ-ing to express our support for H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, with amendments proposed by our three agencies and the Columbia River treaty tribes. Passage of this legisla-tion is critical to ensuring we can manage the ever-increasing issue of predation on sturgeon, lamprey, and Endangered Species Act (ESA)-listed salmon and steelhead in the Columbia Basin. Our agencies are acutely aware of the many issues facing salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon in the basin. We continue to advo-cate for actions to the hydro-system, hatch-eries, harvest, and habitat to support the re-covery of this region’s iconic fish runs. How-ever, if we avoid taking the hard step of managing sea lions in the basin, recovery will be all the more difficult for some stocks, while others will be placed on a rapid path-way to extinction. We have already seen this happen at Ballard Locks in Washington. Sea lions are not a scapegoat, but managing pre-dation is now an essential part of recovering fish runs in the Columbia. As amended, H.R. 2083 ensures that we re-tain the strong environmental protections of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) and the National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA), while allowing managers the flexibility to manage sea lions in the Colum-bia basin. The changes proposed in the bill will allow the MMPA and the ESA to work together to benefit both fish and sea lions. H.R. 2083 provides managers flexibility to proactively remove sea lions that are for-aging on ESA-listed salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon over 100+ miles from the ocean. These are locations where sea lions did not historically forage. Over a decade of sci-entific research has shown that 1) the diet of sea lions at these locations is almost exclu-sively salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon and 2) once sea lions locate these areas, they return year after year. It only makes sense to rec-ognize the body of science that has accumu-lated on this issue and adjust our manage-ment accordingly to prevent sea lions habituating to these areas. Sea lion predation is not just an issue at the dams. Increasingly we are observing sea lions forage in many of the undammed tribu-taries to the lower Columbia River. Many of these tributaries contain our healthiest salmon and steelhead populations and have large tracts of pristine habitat. These runs are critical to recovering the larger salmon and steelhead Evolutionary significant units (ESU). Without passage of H.R. 2083 we can do nothing to prevent sea lions gaining a toehold in these areas which, as we have seen at Willamette Falls and Ballard Locks, places the fish on a pathway to extirpation before action can be taken. H.R. 2083 will have no impact on sea lion populations. National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) recently published a paper demonstrating that California sea lions are at carrying capacity. Their popu-lation in the United States is projected to fluctuate between 250,000–300,000 individuals in the foreseeable future. Additionally, NOAA is required under the MMPA to cal-culate the Potential Biological Removal (PBR) level, or the number of animals that could be removed from the population with-out affecting its viability. For California sea lions, that number is currently 9,200. As a margin of safety, the proposed legislation caps the removals at no more than 10% of this number, for a total annual removal not to exceed 920. This is an extremely conserv-ative number when put in context of the overall population. Moreover, in the Colum-bia River, there are only around 300 sea lions exhibiting the problem behavior, and they are all males. Thus, removal of these few animals will have no impact on the popu-lation. H.R. 2083 ensures the process currently used to oversee permitting and program im-plementation stays intact. Before new per-mitting there will be a NEPA review, a pub-lic comment period, and a taskforce process. After a permit is issued, the federally ap-pointed taskforce is required to evaluate the program annually and make recommenda-tions to NMFS to improve its effectiveness. H.R. 2083 does not expand the limit on the number of animals that may be lethally re-moved. Current law provides no limit to the number that the National Marine Fisheries Service may authorize states to remove. H.R. 2083 strengthens this by placing a basin- wide cap on removal numbers that is linked to best available science. This means that if sea lion populations ever decline, the num-ber of animals States and Treaty Tribes can remove will also decline. Our agencies are committed to ensuring our iconic salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon are conserved for current and future genera-tions and that we have healthy and thriving pinniped populations. We would be deeply grateful for your acknowledgement that the issue of pinniped predation in the Columbia River must be addressed legislatively. We cannot thank you enough for your support on this issue. Sincerely, JOESTOHR , Acting Director, Wash-ington Department of Fish and Wildlife. C
URTIS E. M ELCHER , Director, Oregon De-partment of Fish and Wildlife. V
IRGIL MOORE , Director, Idaho Fish and Game. J
AIME A. P INKHAM , Executive Director, Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, I want to speak to one piece. I keep hearing that this isn’t a silver bullet. No one is claiming that this is a silver bullet. This is a step in the right direction to protect endangered salmon runs that are critical for com-mercial, recreational, and Tribal re-source use. This is really iconic to the Pacific Northwest, and it is part of our heritage. It is something that we would like to pass on to our kids and our grandkids. Passing this bill today al-lows us to do that. Ratepayers are so committed to this. In the States of Washington and Or-egon, ratepayers who fund the Bonne-ville Power Administration and the dam—the hydro system—spend hun-dreds of millions of dollars a year. If you get it all together, it almost cracks $1 billion annually that is spent in mitigation efforts to protect the spe-cies that are impacted. As ratepayers, we spend a lot of money to protect and support these runs because it is so specific and unique to our way of life. This is a crit-ical thing for us. It is one of those things where you literally can stand on the shore of the Columbia River and you can watch sea lions toss salmon, and you watch them play with salmon. You can come across carcasses of salm-on on the river with a single bite mark taken out. I walked across and found a sturgeon longer than my arm with a single bite mark taken out of her stomach. Basi-cally they took the eggs—they took the caviar—and then let it go. We look at that and we think we, as ratepayers, because we spend hundreds of millions of dollars to protect these runs and bring them back into fuller health, to watch these animals not even eat a full meal but just play with them, it makes you sick, Mr. Chair-man. So if you are someone who believes in protecting species and having a bal-anced ecosystem—this isn’t about pick-ing one species over the other. This is literally us trying to restore some bal-ance here. It is one of those things where you would have to fight hard to find a reason not to support this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.033 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5703 June 26, 2018 
When very liberal Governors and very conservative Republican Gov-ernors come in and ask us to pass this legislation, it should cause you to stop and pause. This is one of those things that this body should be about, and today is a good chance to take a step forward in protecting these wild runs. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I want to indicate that the proponents of the legislation on both sides of the aisle, I understand, are representing not only constituent interests, but what they see is a good piece of legislation. Let me just end by saying that simi-lar legislation has been proposed in previous Congresses, but this bill would allow more killing of seals and sea lions than all of those before it. When this version of the bill was introduced in 2015, it proposed an annual taking of 92 California sea lions. Under this legis-lation, H.R. 2083, this would increase by tenfold and would include the killing of Stellar sea lions and harbor seals. I am disappointed that the legislation before us today has gone in that direction. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard a lot of debate. This has been a good debate. I have been struck by the fact that every single speaker from the Northwest, on both sides of the aisle, has spoken in favor of this piece of legislation. b1515 I find that very remarkable. Rarely do we have that kind of consensus, and yet we have that here with H.R. 2083. Just to conclude, I would say that this is a commonsense piece of legisla-tion. Unfortunately, the Federal Gov-ernment sometimes has conflicting mandates. We have a law, on the one hand, that protects sea lions, but we have the endangered status of various salmon. These two are in conflict, un-fortunately. So let’s take the side of the endan-gered species. We can do so on a lim-ited and scientific basis, with the way that this bill has been crafted through a lot of compromise. In fact, before it even takes effect, there will be an envi-ronmental impact statement, which is a very lengthy process with lots of pub-lic comment, lots of judicial scrutiny, and so on. So I find this to be a very common-sense piece of legislation with a lot of compromise built in, a lot of con-sensus. It makes so much sense that I hope that there would be no opposition or almost no opposition when this comes up for a vote. Let’s all adopt H.R. 2083, a great piece of legislation for our environment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today, I voted in support of H.R. 2083, the Endan-gered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Pre-vention Act. This was a difficult decision. I voted for this bill because I strongly sup-port the recovery of wild native fish popu-lations in the Columbia River and its tribu-taries. There is an immediate, serious risk to native steelhead, among other fish, that this bill seeks to reduce. I, however, do not view this bill as a wise long-term strategy for salmon and steelhead recovery in the Columbia River Basin. While the detrimental impacts of sea lions need to be addressed, human-caused factors are the primary driver in the declining salmon and steelhead populations. Instead of focusing on sea lions—another protected species with an important role in our ecosystem—let’s actually confront the damage that we ourselves have caused. Pitting one treasured species against another does nothing to address the damage and obstacles that humans have forced upon this vital Pacific Northwest ecosystem. This will not be easy. The impediments are many—the impacts from dams, habitat deg-radation, unprecedented climate disruption, and more. Regional partners have been work-ing for years to address these issues, and thankfully our native fish are strikingly resilient. But we must do much, much more. Let’s have a real conversation about the actual causes of salmon and steelhead decline and what we can do to meaningfully contribute to their re-covery. While this bill may reduce some short-term stressors, it is not a solution. Salmon and steelhead—iconic species in the Pacific North-west—will only recover if we come together to face the facts and tackle the real issues that are our legacy—and our responsibility. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
ARTON ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–79. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2083 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembed, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) prevention of predation by pinnipeds, re-covery of salmonid stocks listed under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and prevention of the future listings of fish stocks in the Columbia River under such Act are a vital priority; and (2) the Federal Government should continue to fund lethal and nonlethal removal of pinnipeds as well as deterrence measures for preventing such predation. 
SEC. 3. TAKING OF PINNIPEDS ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES TO PROTECT ENDANGERED AND THREATENED SPECIES OF SALMON AND OTHER NONLISTED FISH SPE-CIES. 
Section 120(f) of the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) TEMPORARY MARINE MAMMAL REMOVAL  A
UTHORITY ON THE WATERS OF THE COLUMBIA  R
IVER AND ITSTRIBUTARIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOVAL AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may issue a permit to an eligible entity to au-thorize the intentional lethal taking on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries of individually identifiable pinnipeds that are part of a population or stock that is not cat-egorized under this Act as depleted or strategic for the purpose of protecting— ‘‘(A) species of salmon, steelhead, or eulachon that are listed as endangered species or threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) species of lamprey or sturgeon that are not listed as endangered or threatened but are listed as a species of concern. ‘‘(2) P
ERMIT PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may apply to the Secretary for a permit under this subsection. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE FOR CONSIDERATION OF APPLI -
CATION .—The timelines and procedures de-scribed in subsection (c) shall apply to applica-tions for permits under this subsection in the same manner such timelines apply to applica-tions under subsection (b). ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall es-tablish procedures for coordination among eligi-ble entities, including application procedures and timelines, geographic and species-specific considerations, and monitoring and periodic re-view. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF PERMIT .—A permit under this subsection shall be effective for not more than 5 years and may be renewed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ANNUAL TAKINGS .—The process for determining limitations on annual take of pinnipeds will follow the process estab-lished in subsection (c) and the cumulative num-ber of pinnipeds authorized to be taken each year under all permits in effect under this sub-section shall not exceed 10 percent of the annual potential biological removal level for pinnipeds. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—Intentional le-thal takings under this subsection shall be hu-mane and shall be implemented by agencies or qualified individuals described in subsection (c)(4), or by individuals employed by the eligible entities described in paragraph (6). ‘‘(5) S
USPENSION OF PERMITTING AUTHORITY .— If, 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, the Secretary, after consulting with State and tribal fishery managers, deter-mines that lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to protect salmonid and other fish species from pinniped predation, the Secretary shall suspend the issuance of permits under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(I) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River and its tributaries, the State of Washington, the State of Oregon, and the State of Idaho; ‘‘(II) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River and its tributaries, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Or-egon, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, and the Columbia River Inter-tribal Fish Commission; and ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may allow an eligible entity described in clause (i)(II) to delegate its authority under a permit under this subsection to any entity described in clause (i)(II). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary and in consultation with the In-dian Tribes in subparagraph (A)(i)(II)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.063 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5704 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(I) the State of Washington may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Cowlitz Indian Tribe for deterrence and removal of sea lions on the Cowlitz River. ‘‘(II) the State of Oregon may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Con-federated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon and the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon for deterrence and removal of sea lions on the Willamette River. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining eligi-bility under this subparagraph, the Secretary shall consider the capacity of each Indian tribe to manage wildlife to meet the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(7) I
NDIVIDUAL EXCEPTION .—For purposes of this section, any pinniped located upstream of Columbia River river mile 112, or in any tribu-tary to the Columbia River that includes spawn-ing habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be individually identi-fiable. ‘‘(8) S
IGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT EXCEP -
TION.—For purposes of this section, any pinniped located in the mainstem of the Colum-bia River upstream of river mile 112, or in any tributary to the Columbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be having a significant negative impact on the decline or re-covery of salmonid fishery stocks described in subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. 
SEC. 4. TREATY RIGHTS OF FEDERALLY RECOG-NIZED INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or mod-ify any treaty or other right of an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘pinnipeds’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘sea lions’’. Strike ‘‘pinniped’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘sea lion’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2083. This simple amendment would nar-row the scope of this bill to clarify our intent that the lethal take authority should be limited to sea lions, rather than all pinnipeds. This small but important distinction will help to ensure this authority tar-gets only those animals that pose an imminent threat to our native ESA- listed salmon and steelhead stocks. It will also help to align our bill with the Senate version that was recently introduced by Senators CANTWELL and R
ISCH, hopefully ensuring that this bill gets across the finish line as quickly as possible. That is absolutely critical, because some of our most vulnerable stocks face an imminent risk of extinction due to nonnative sea lion predation. So we must act now if we are going to save these runs. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, we have no objection to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I thank the majority for their support of this amendment and for moving this important legislation forward, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 2 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . VARGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. l. REPORT AND EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall study and re-port to the Congress on the potential effects of the lethal taking of pinnipeds on the re-covery of salmonid stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 3 shall take effect on the date that the Secretary submits to the Congress the report required under subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED  
BY MR . VARGAS  
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amend-ment be modified with the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. l. REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall study and report to the Congress on the potential effects of the le-thal taking of pinnipeds on the recovery of salmonid stocks in the waters of the Colum-bia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, salmon recovery is economically and cul-turally important to the country. Recovery efforts must be rooted in science to address the most prevalent threats: fish passage at dams, pes-ticides, fishing pressures, interactions with hatchery fish, and habitat loss. Currently, there is very little sci-entific evidence that sea lion predation has played a significant role in the overall decline of these salmon stocks. My amendment would rectify this lack of scientific evidence by requiring the Secretary of the Interior study and report to Congress on the effects of le-thal takings of sea lions on the recov-ery of salmon stocks in the Columbia River system. If we are going to expand the lethal takings of sea lions, we should make sure it will help the salmon recover. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, we have no objection to this amendment, as modified. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.025 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5705 June 26, 2018 
BARTON , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Colum-bia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 961, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5841; and, Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 288, nays 116, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 294] YEAS—288 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—116 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Crist Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Espaillat Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Krishnamoorthi Langevin Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Sean McEachin McGovern McNerney Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Black Carter (GA) Clarke (NY) Comer Crowley Curtis DeGette Donovan Ellison Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Moore Polis Rush Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) 
b1552 Messrs. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, NORCROSS, CUMMINGS, AL GREEN of Texas, COHEN, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. DELANEY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. SA´NCHEZ, Messrs. LARSON of Connecticut, VELA, BEYER, and BERA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow for the tak-ing of pinnipeds on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endan-gered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK RE-VIEW MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5841) to modernize and strengthen the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 400, nays 2, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 295] YEAS—400 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.071 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5706 June 26, 2018 
Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bass Black Carter (GA) Clarke (NY) Comer Crowley Curtis DeGette Donovan Ellison Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Moore Polis Rush Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Young (AK) 
b1601 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on June 26, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes 291 through 295. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 291, On Ordering the Previous Question, Providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and the bill H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Preda-tion Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 292, On Agreeing to the Res-olution, Providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and the bill H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salm-on and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 293, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 4294—Prevention of Private Information Dis-semination Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 294, On Passage, Final Pas-sage of H.R. 2083—Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 295, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 5841—Foreign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act of 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 294 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 295. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2083, EN-DANGERED SALMON AND FISH-ERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engross-ment of the bill, H.R. 2083, the Clerk be authorized to make technical correc-tions and conforming changes to the bill including the changes I have placed at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the modifications. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 5, line 17, insert ‘‘(i)(I) or’’ after ‘‘clause’’ Page 5, line 19, insert ‘‘(i)(I) or’’ after ‘‘clause’’ Page 5, line 19, insert ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘en-tity’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 6157, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 6157. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.034 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5707 June 26, 2018 
b1606 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ), and the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to bring the Defense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 to the House floor for consid-eration. Congress’ number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this Na-tion. It is this bill that fulfills that most fundamental constitutional duty. Last year, General Dunford, Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said: ‘‘The U.S. military’s competitive ad-vantage against potential adversaries is eroding. Over the last decade, sus-tained operational commitments, budgetary instability, and advances by our adversaries have threatened our ability to project power and we have lost our advantage in key warfighting areas.’’ My approach to funding this bill is based on that statement. The priorities funded in this bill not only stop the erosion, but also enable our military to restore and increase the competitive advantage. This is all possible because of the bipartisan budget agreement which has allowed us to provide the necessary resources. The fiscal year 2018 Defense Appro-priation Act took the first step in re-building our military by addressing the toll taken on readiness, and began to make investments to improve our com-petitive advantage. Building on the gains we made in 2018 and guided by the new National De-fense Strategy, the bill before you is the next critical step to enable Sec-retary Mattis to build a more lethal, resilient, and rapidly innovating joint force that can defeat the adversaries we face today and those we will face in the future. The bill also supports the Secretary’s efforts to work by, with, and through our allies and partners to help share the burden while protecting America’s interests around the world. This bill reflects the advice the sub-committee received in hearings, brief-ings, and meetings with Secretary Mattis, Chairman Dunford, the leader-ship of the military services, the Intel-ligence Committee, and other national security experts. The bill provides a total of $675 bil-lion to the Department for fiscal year 2019. This is $19 billion above the fiscal year 2018 level and is consistent with total funding level in the House-passed authorization bill. The bill provides full funding to ad-dress military personnel needs, includ-ing: full funding for an additional 16,400 active, guard and reserve soldiers, sail-ors and airmen. And full funding for the 2.6 percent pay raise for our troops. The bill provides critical funding to repair and improve our military readi-ness, including $1 billion over the re-quest for training and equipping our troops, including the National Guard and Reserve, and for training, equip-ment, maintenance and spare parts, and base operations. It includes $21 billion for depot main-tenance to get our planes and ships back in working order. For procurement, the bill provides adequate funding to modernize the force. Major investments include: in-creased funds for Strykers, Abrams tanks, Humvees, and other ground mo-bility vehicles. And to maintain air superiority, we provide increases for key platforms such as the Joint Strike Fighter, Apaches, Lakotas, Ospreys, Black Hawks, and C–130s. We maintain our commitment to the National Guard and Reserve compo-nents, providing $1.3 billion over the request, specifically for their equip-ment needs. For shipbuilding, we fund 12 Navy ships, 2 more than requested. To ensure our technological edge against our adversaries, $95 billion is included for research and development. We keep our commitment to take care of our servicemembers and their families by providing over $34 billion for defense health programs, including $752 million over the request for med-ical research. To address growing concerns on and around our military bases, we include over $1.2 billion to address environ-mental remediation and restoration. For ongoing global war on terrorism operations, the bill provides funding for additional intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance for the warfighter, and $250 million for Ukraine. Given the serious challenges and sig-nificant resources at stake, the com-mittee continues to exercise strong oversight over the Department to en-sure that our constituents’ tax dollars are being spent wisely. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my rank-ing member and partner, Mr. VIS-
CLOSKY . His input has been invaluable. The bill before us is better because of his involvement. I also want to thank our full com-mittee ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , for her support for this important work done in this bill. Most importantly, I want to thank my full committee chairman and the previous sub-committee chairman, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), for his leadership and his support. Sadly, this is the last Defense Appro-priation bill that the chairman will manage in Congress. b1615 Throughout his service, he has shown an unwavering commitment to the needs of our military and intelligence communities. I will miss his wise coun-sel and steadfast commitment to the members of our military services. I want to thank all Members for their participation and input as we put to-gether this bill. The subcommittee re-ceived over 6,600 requests from Mem-bers. The bill incorporates their ideas and recommendations, and I thank them for their continued support. I would like to personally thank our hardworking staff for helping make this bill possible. On our majority staff: Jennifer Miller, Walter Hearne, Brooke Boyer, B. G. Wright, Allison Deters, Collin Lee, Matt Bower, Jackie Ripke, Hayden Milberg, Bill Adkins, Sherry Young, and Barry Walker. On our minority staff: Becky Leggieri, Jennifer Chartrand, and Chris Bigelow. On my personal staff: Johnnie Kaberle, Jon Fay, and Spencer Freebairn. In closing, Mr. Chairman, the De-fense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 is a great bill that takes the next critical step in rebuilding our military. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.076 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5708 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/1 here EH260618.001dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY '2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Mi 1 i tary Personnel, Army ............................... . 
Military Personnel, Navy .. , ..... , ...................... . 
Mi 1 itary Personnel, Marine Corps ....................... . 
Military Personnel, Air Force .......................... . 
Reserve Personnel, Army ...... , ......................... . 
Reserve Personnel, Navy ................................ . 
Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps ........................ . 
Reserve Personnel , Air Force ........................... . 
National Guard Personnel, Army ........................ ,. 
National Guard Personnel, Air Force .................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
41,628,855 
28,772,118 
13' 231 '114 
28 ,790 '440 
4,715,608 
1,988,362 
764,903 
1,802,554 
8,264,626 
3,408,817 FY 2019 
Request 
43,670,542 
30,426,211 
13,890,968 
30,526,011 
4,955,947 
2,067,521 788,090 
1,894,286 
8,744,345 
3,725,380 
Total, Title I, Military Personnel ................ 133,367,397 140,689,301 
Total, Tricare Accrual payments (permanent, 
indefinite authority) .................. , .. ,.,... 8,145,000 7,533,090 
Total, Military Personnel ........................ . 141,512,397 148,222,391 Bill 
43,093,752 
30,254,211 
13,770,968 
30,357,311 
4,848,947 
2' 055' 221 
777 '390 
1,853,526 
8' 589 ,785 
3,707,240 
139,308,351 
7,533,090 
146,841,441 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1 ,464,897 
+1 ,482,093 
+539,854 +1,566,871 +133,339 +66,859 +12,487 
+50,972 
+325' 159 +298,423 +5,940,954 
-611,910 
+5,329,044 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-576,790 
-172,000 -120,000 
-168' 700 
-107' 000 
-12,300 -10,700 -40,760 
-154,560 
-18' 140 
-1,380,950 -1,380,950 
============= =========;=== ============= ============= ============= 
TITLE II 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
Operation and Maintenance, Army ...................... ,,. 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy ....... , ......... , ...... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps .. , ..... , ....... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force .. , ................ . 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide ....... , ....... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve .... , ........... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve ................ . 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve .. , ..... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve .......... ,. 
Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard ......... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard .......... . 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces .... . Environmental 
Restoration, Army.,, ..................... . Environmental 
Restoration, Navy ........................ . Environmental 
Restoration, Air Force ................... . Environmental 
Restoration, Defense-Wide ..... , ... , ...... . Environmental 
Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites .. 
Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid .. , 
Cooperative Threat Reduction Account ................... . Department 
of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , ......... , ..... . 38,816,957 
45,384,353 
6,605,546 
39,544,193 
34,059,257 
2,877,104 
1,069,707 
284,837 
3,202,307 
7 ,284,170 
6,900,798 
14,538 
235.809 
365,883 352,549 
19,002 
248,673 129 
'900 350,000 500.000 42,009,317 49,003,633 
6,832,510 
42,060,568 
36,352,625 
2,916,909 
1,027,006 
271 '570 
3,260,234 
7,399,295 6,427,622 
14,662 
203,449 
329,253 
296,808 
8,926 
212,346 
107,663 335,240 400,000 41,334,782 48,963,337 
6,824,269 
41,465,107 
35,676,402 
2,877,402 
1 '019 '966 
281,570 
3,212,234 
7,329.771 
6' 438' 162 14,662 
235,809 
365,883 
376,808 19,002 
248,673 117,663 
350,240 400,000 
Total. Title II, Operation and maintenance ........ 188,245,583 199,469,636 197,551,742 +2,517,825 
+3,578,984 +218,723 
+1 ,920,914 
+1 ,617,145 
+298 -49 '741 
-3,267 
+9,927 +45,601 -462,636 
+124 
+24,259 
-12,237 
+240 -100,000 
+9 '306' 159 -674,535 
-40,296 
-8,241 
-595,461 
-676,223 
-39,507 
-7,040 
+10,000 
-48,000 
-69,524 
+10,540 +32,360 
+36,630 
+80,000 +10,076 
+36,327 
+10,000 +15,000 
-1 '917' 894 
============= ===~=~======= ============= ============= ========~==== 
TITLE III 
PROCUREMENT 
Aircraft Procurement, Army .................. , ....... . 
Missile Procurement, Army ................ , ............. . 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army ...................... . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army ....................... .. 
Other Procurement, Army ................................ . 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy , . . . . ................... . Weapons 
Procurement, Navy ....... , ...................... . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps ....... . 
Shi pbui1 ding and Conversion, Navy, ................... , .. 
Other Procurement, Navy ............ , .................. . 
Procurement, Marine Corps ................. , ............ . 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ....... , , .... , .......... . 
Missile Procurement. Air Force ........................ .. 
Space Procurement, Air Force .............. ,, .... , .. ,, .. . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force .. , ......... . 
Other Procurement, Air Force. . ... , ....... . 
Procurement, Defense-Wide. . , . . . . .. . 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment .. , ............. . 5,535,794 
3,196,910 
4,391,573 
2,548,740 
8,298,418 
19,957,380 
3,510,590 
804,335 
23,824,738 
7,941,018 
1,942,737 
18,504,556 
2,207,747 
3,552,175 
1,651,977 
20,503,273 
5,429,270 3,782,558 
3,355,777 
4,489,118 
2,234,761 
7,999,529 
19,041,799 
3.702,393 
1,006,209 
21,871,437 
9,414,355 
2,860,410 
16,206,937 
2,669,454 
2,527,542 
1,587,304 
20,890,164 
6,786,271 4,103,942 
3,074,502 
4,590,205 
2.255,323 
7,683,632 
20,107,195 
3,555,587 
973,556 
22,708,767 
9,093,835 
2,647,569 
17,118,921 
2,591,982 2,388,642 
1,468,992 
20,597,574 
6' 711 '225 
1,300,000 -1 '431 '852 
-122,408 
+198,632 -293,417 
-614' 786 +149,815 +44,997 +169' 
221 
-1,115,971 
+1 ,152,817 +704,832 1 
'385' 635 +384,235 
-1 '163' 533 -182,985 
+94,301 
+1,281 ,955 
+1,300,000 +321,384 
-281,275 
+101,087 +20. 
562 -315,897 
+1 ,065,396 
-146,806 
-32,653 
+837,330 -320,520 
-212,841 +911,984 
-77,472 
-138,900 
-118,312 -292,590 
-75,046 
+1 ,300,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5709 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/2 here EH260618.002dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Defense Production Act Purchases ...................... . 
Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund .................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 67,401 FY 2019 
Request 38,578 
100,025 
~ ....... -...... ., ... ~ .. 
Total, Title III, Procurement..................... 133,868,632 130,564,621 
============= 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army ........ 10,647,426 10,159,379 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy 18,010,754 18' 481 '666 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force ... 37,428,078 40,178,343 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide '' ''.''''. '.'' ' ... ' .......... ' ... ' '.' .. '. 22.010,975 22,016,553 
Operational Test and Evaluation, Defense ................ 210,900 221,009 
----.. ------- .. -... -.... -.. -.. --.... 
Total, Title IV, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation............ . .............. . 88,308,133 91,056,950 
============= ============= 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
Defense Working Capital Funds .......................... . 1,685,596 1 ,542,115 
Total, Title V, Revolving and Management Funds., .. 1,685,596 1 '542' 115 Bill 
68,578 
~ ...... ~ .......... ~ ........ 
133,040,027 
============= 
10,108,108 
17,658,244 
40,939.500 
22,291,423 
221,009 --.. --.. -.. ---.. -
91,218,284 
--------------------------
1,542,115 
1 '542' 115 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+1 '177 +30,000 -100,025 
w-.... -- ~ .............. ... • -...... * ............ 
-828,605 +2,475,406 
============= ============= 
-539,318 -51,271 -352,510 -823,422 +3. 
511 '422 +761 '157 +280,448 +274,870 
+10 ,109 
------------· .. --........ --.... -.. 
+2,910,151 +161,334 
============= 
-143,481 -143,481 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
Defense Health Program 
Operation and maintenance ......................... . 
Procurement ........................................ . 
Research, development, test and evaluation ... , ..... . 
Total, Defense Health Program 11 
Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense: 
Operation and maintenance .......................... . 
Procurement ........................................ . 
Research, development, test and evaluation ......... . 
Total, Chemical Agents 2/ ....................... . 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense1/ 
Office of the Inspector General 1 I .................. . 
Total, Title VI, Other Department of Defense 
Programs. . . . . . . .. , ..................... . 
TITLE VII 
RELATED AGENCIES 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability 
System Fund ........................ , ................. . 
Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA) .... . 
Total, Title VII, Related agencies ............. . 31,521,850 
867,002 
2,039,315 
~~~~~~w --
34,428,167 
.......... 104,237 18,081 839,414 
.............. 
961.732 934,814 321.887 
36,646,600 
514,000 537,600 
1,051,600 32,145,395 
873,160 
710,637 ........................ 
33,729,192 
105,997 
1 ,091 
886,728 ......................... 
993,816 787,525 329,273 
35,839,806 
514,000 
539,124 
1,053,124 31,758,947 
844,834 
1,443,237 
.. ...... -~ .. w ......... 
34,047,018 
105,997 
1 '091 
886,728 
.. -.. -........ "' .. --
993,816 854,814 329,273 36,224,921 
514,000 
512,424 
1 . 026. 424 +237,097 
-22,168 
-596,078 ................. ---
-381 '149 
.. ........ +1 ,760 
-16,990 
+47,314 -...... -.... 
+32,084 
-80,000 
+7,386 -421,679 
-25,176 -25,176 -386,448 
-28,326 
+732,600 ----.. ..... 
+317,826 
.. -.. -...... -........ -
+67,289 +385' 
115 
-26,700 
-26,700 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5710 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/3 here EH260618.003dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE VI I I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Additional transfer authority (Sec.8005) ............... . 
FFRDC (Sec. 8023) ..................... , .. , ..... , , ... , ... . 
Rescissions (Sec.8039)......... . ........... . 
National grants (Sec.8045) ............ , ................ . 
Shipbuilding and conversion, Navy Judgment Fund .... . 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer authority (Sec.8049) ........ . John 
C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development 
Trust Fund ( O&M, Navy trans fer authority) ............ . 
Fisher House Foundation (Sec.8063) ............ ,. 
Revised economic assumptions (Sec.8071) ................ . 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer authority 
(Sec.8086) ................................... . Defense 
Health O&M transfer authority (Sec.8090) ... . Revised 
fuel costs (Sec.8111) ......................... .. 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide (Department of 
the Interior Compact Review Agreement) .............. . 
Public Schools on Military Installations (Sec.8118) .... . Working 
Capital Fund, Army excess cash balances 
(Sec . 81 2 2) ........................................... . Working 
Capital Fund, Navy excess cash balances 
(Sec. 8123) ........................................... . 
Total, Title VIII, General Provisions ... , ........ . FY 2018 
Enacted 
(4,250,000) 
-131,000 
-942,242 
44,000 (30' 000) 
(1 '000) 10,000 
-4,000 
(11 ,000) 
(115,519) 
-110,780 235,000 -899,022 FY 2019 
Request 
(5,000,000) 
5,000 
(30,000) 
(11 '000) (113,000) 110,800 
115,800 Bi 11 
{4,250,000) 
-179,000 
-492,954 
44,000 (30,000) 5,000 
-5,000 
(11 '000) 
( 113 '000) 
-5,000 
270,000 
-50,000 
-50,000 
-462,954 Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
(-750,000) 
-48,000 -179' 000 
+449,288 -492,954 
+44,000 
-5,000 
(-1 ,000) 
-5,000 +5,000 
-1,000 -5,000 
{-2,519) 
+105,780 -5,000 
-110,800 +35,000 +270,000 -50,000 
-50,000 
-50,000 -50,000 +436,068 
-578,754 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TITLE IX 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM 
(GWOT) 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel, Army (GWOT) ...................... .. 
Military Personnel, Navy (GWOT) ........................ . 
Military Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT) .. , ............ . 
Military Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) ......... , ........ . Reserve 
Personnel, Army (GWOT) ......................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Navy {GWOT) ......................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT) ................. . Reserve 
Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) .................... . 
National Guard Personnel, Army (GWOT) .................. . 
National Guard Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) ............. . 
Total. Military Personnel (OCO/GWOT) .... , ...... . 2,683,694 
377,857 103,979 914' 119 24,942 
9,091 
2,328 
20,569 
184,589 
5,004 
4,326,172 2' 929' 154 2 '929' 154 +245,460 385,461 
385 '461 +7,604 109,232 
109,232 +5,253 
964,508 964,508 +50,389 37,007 37,007 +12,065 
11 '100 11 '100 +2,009 2,380 2,380 
+52 
21,076 21,076 +507 
195,283 195,283 +10,694 
5,460 5,460 +456 
4,660,661 4,660,661 +334,489 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5711 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/4 here EH260618.004dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army (GWOT) .................. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy (GWOT) .................. . 
(Coast Guard) (by transfer) (GWOT) ............... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps (GWOT) .......... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force (GWOT) .............. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide (GWOT) .......... . 
(Coalition support funds) (GWOT) ................. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army Reserve (GWOT) ........... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve (GWOT) ........... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve (GWOT) .. ,. 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (GWOT) ...... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard (GWOT) .... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard (GWOT) ..... . 
Subtota 1 , Operation and Maintenance .............. . 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (GWOT) ...... . 
Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund (GWOT) ..... . 
Total, Operation and Maintenance (OCO/GWOT) .... 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army (GWOT) ...................... . 
Missile Procurement, Army (GWOT) ................... . Procurement 
of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army (GWOT) .................................... , ..... . Procurement 
of Ammunition, Army (GWOT) ................. . 
Other Procurement, Army (GWOT) ......................... . 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy (GWOT) ...................... . Weapons 
Procurement, Navy (GWOT) ....................... . Procurement 
of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Other Procurement, Navy (GWOT) ........................ . 
Procurement, Marine Corps (GWOT) ....................... . 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) ................. . 
Missile Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) .......... . Space 
Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) .................... . Procurement 
of Ammunition, Air Force (GWOT) ............ . 
Other Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) .................... . 
Procurement, Defense-Wide (GWOT) ........... ,, .......... . 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment (GWOT) .......... . 
Total, Procurement (OCO/GWOT) .................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
17,352,994 
6,449,404 
1,401,536 
10,873,895 
7,575,195 
24,699 
23,980 
3,367 53,523 
108,111 15,400 
43,882,104 
4,666,815 
1,769,000 
50' 317 '919 
420,086 709,283 
1,191,139 
191 '836 405,575 
157,300 130 
'994 233,406 239,359 
64,307 
503,938 
481 '700 
2,256 
551 . 509 
3,324,590 
517,041 
1,300,000 
10,424,319 FY 2019 
Request 
18,210,500 
4, 757' 155 
(165,000) 
1 . 
121 '900 
9,285,789 
8,549,908 
41,887 25,637 3,345 
60,500 
110,729 
15,870 
42,183,220 
5,199,450 
1,400,000 
48,782,670 
363,363 
1,802.351 
1,107,183 
309,525 
1,382,047 
80,119 
14,134 
246,541 187,173 
58,023 
1,018,888 
493,526 
1,421,516 
3,725,944 
572,135 
12,782,468 Bi 11 
18,125,500 
4, 757' 155 
(165,000) 
1,121,900 
9,258,674 
8,183,902 
(900,000) 
41,887 25,637 3,345 
60,500 
110.729 15,870 
41,705,099 
5,199,450 
1,400,000 
48,304,549 
347,563 
1,770,270 
1 ,102.108 
309,525 1 . 
364 '345 232,119 
14' 134 
246,012 
182,260 
58,023 
966,248 493,526 
1,421,516 
3,665,336 
572,135 
12,745,120 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+772,506 
-1 . 692' 249 
(+165,000) 
-279,636 
-1.615,221 
+608,707 (+900,000) 
+17' 188 
+1,657 -22 
+6. 977 +2,618 
+470 
-2' 177 '005 
+532,635 
-369,000 
-2,013,370 
-72,523 
+1,060,987 
-89,031 
+117' 689 +958,770 +74,819 
-116,860 
+12,606 
-57,099 
-6,284 
+462,310 
+11 '826 
-2,256 
+870,007 
+340,746 +55,094 
-1,300,000 
+2,320,801 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-85.000 
-27' 115 
-366,006 (+900,000) 
-478,121 -478,121 
-15,800 
-32,081 
-5,075 
-17,702 
+152,000 
-529 
-4,913 
-52,640 
-60,608 
-37,348 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5712 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/5 here EH260618.005dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army (GWOT) ... 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy (GWOT) .. 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, 
Air Force ( GWOT) ..................................... . 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation. 
Defense-Wide (GWOT) .................................. . 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Total, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation (OCO/GWOT) ....................... ,. 
Revolving and Management Funds Defense Working 
Capital Funds (GWOT) ................... , 
Other Department of Defense Programs 
Defense Health Program: 
Operation & Maintenance (GWOT) ... , ................. . Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense 
(GWOT)..... . , , . , , .. , .. , , , . , , , . 
Office of the Inspector General (GWOT) .... ,., ..... 
Total , Other Department of Defense Programs 
(OCO/GWOT) ....................... . 
TITLE IX General Provisions 
Additional transfer authority (GWOT) (Sec.9002) ..... . Ukraine 
Security Assistance Initiative (GWOT) (Sec.9013) 
Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (GWOT) 
(Sec. 9017) . , , ................................. , , .. , .. . 
Rescissions (GWOT) (Sec.9020) .......................... . 
Total, General Provisions ........................ . Grand 
Total, Title IX (OCO/GWOT) ............. ,,. FY 2018 
Enacted 235,368 167,565 
129,608 
394,396 926,937 148,956 
395,805 196,300 
24 '692 
W M W-* * M ~-.. ~ * .. 
616,797 
(2,250,000) 
200,000 770,000 
-2,565,100 
.. .. .. --.. --.. --.. -
-1 '595' 100 
============= 
65,166,000 
============= FY 2019 
Request 325' 
104 
167,812 314,271 
500,544 
1 '307' 731 
15,190 
352,068 153,100 
24,692 ................... 
529,860 
(4,500,000) 
... ---------- .... 
============= 
68,078,580 
============= Bill 
300,604 
167,812 
301,876 410,544 
1,180,836 
15' 190 352,068 
153' 100 
24,692 -.......................... 
529,860 
(2,250,000) 
250,000 
770 '000 
-377,216 
.. ---.. --.... -.... -
642,784 
============= 
68.079,000 
============= Bill vs. 
Enacted +65.236 
+247 
+172. 268 
+16' 148 +253,899 -133,766 -43,737 
-43,200 
.......... . ........ ,.. 
·86,937 
+50,000 
+2,187,884 ........................... 
+2,237,884 
============= 
+2,913,000 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
-24,500 
-12.395 
-90,000 
-126.895 
.. ...................... -.. 
(-2,250,000) 
+250,000 +770,000 
-377,216 
.. -........ -.. ~ ---
+642,784 
============= 
+420 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5713 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/6 here EH260618.006dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSILE DEFEAT AND 
DEFENSE ENHANCEMENTS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy (emergency) ....... , ... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force (emergency) ...... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide (emergency) .... . 
Total, Title II, Operation and maintenance (emergency) .................................... . Procurement 
Missile Procurement, Army (emergency) ................. . 
Missile Procurement, Air Force (emergency) ............ . 
Other Procurement, Air Force (emergency) ... , ....... , .. . Procurement, Defense-Wide (emergency) ............ . 
Total, Title III, Procurement (emergency) ........ . Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army 
(emergency) . . . ............................... . Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation, Navy 
(emergency) ......................................... . Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation, Air Force (emergency) ......................................... . Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide (emergency) ....................... . 
Total. Title IV, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation (emergency) ..................... , ... . 
Total. FY 2018 Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements (emergency) 
(Pl 115-96) ..... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
673,500 18,750 
23,735 715,985 FY 2019 
Request Bi 11 Bill vs. Bill vs. Enacted Request 
-673,500 -18,750 
-23,735 -715,985 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
884,000 12,000 288,055 
1 '239' 140 
2 '423' 195 -884,000 -12,000 -288,055 
-1,239,140 
·2,423,195 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
20,700 -20,700 60,000 -60,000 
255,744 -255,744 
1,010,220 ·1,010,220 
1,346,664 -1,346,664 
4,485,844 -4,485,844 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5714 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/7 here EH260618.007dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FURTHER ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR 
DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE--MILITARY PROGRAMS 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
Operation and Maintenance, Army (emergency) ........ 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy (emergency) .... , ... , .... 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps (emergency) ..... 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force (emergency) ... , .. , . 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide (emergency) .... , 
Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve (emergency) ..... 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve (emergency) , . , .. 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (emergency) 
Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard (emergency) . 
'' .. '' .. ' .. '' .. ' .. '' ' .... ' ' .. '. '' .. ' .. '.' 
Total, Operation and Maintenance (emergency) ..... . 
PROCUREMENT 
Other Procurement, Navy (emergency) ..... 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
Defense Working Capital Funds (emergency) .............. . 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
Defense Health Program: Operation & Maintenance (emergency) .................................. . 
Total, FY 2018 Department of Defense (emergency) 
(PL 115-123, DivB, Subdivision1, Title III) ..... FY 2018 
Enacted 
20' 110 
267,796 
17 '920 20,916 2,650 12,500 
2,922 
5,770 
55,471 
406,055 18,000 
9,486 
704 
434,245 FY 2019 
Request Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
-20,110 
-267,796 
-17,920 -20,916 
-2,650 
-12,500 
-2,922 
-5 '770 ·55,471 -406,055 -18,000 
-9,486 
-704 
-434,245 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Total, Other Appropriations., ............... , .... . Grand Total , 
Bill ......... , ...... , .... , ...... . 
Appropriations ................... , ........... . Global 
War on Terrorism (GWOT) ............... . 
Rescissions .................................. . 
Rescissions (GWOT) ........................... . (Trans 
fer Authority) .......................... . 
(Transfer Authority) (GWOT). . ....... . 4,920,089 
652,360,608 
(583,216,761) (67 '731 
'100) 
(-942,242) 
(-2 '565 ' 1 00) 4,407,519 
2,250,000 668,409,933 667,527,910 
(600,331 ,353) (599,941 ,864) 
(68,078,580) (68,456,216) 
5' 154' 000 
4,500,000 (-492,954) 
(-377,216) 
4,404,000 
2,250,000 -4,920,089 
+15,167,302 
(+16,725,103) 
(+725, 116) (+449,288) (+2,187,884) 
-3,519 -882,023 (-389,489) (+377,636) 
(. 492' 954) 
( -377' 216) 
-750,000 
-2,250,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5715 June 26, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.078 H26JNPT1
Insert offset folio 626/8 here EH260618.008dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET RECAP 
Scorekeeping adjustments: 
Lease of defense real property (permanent) (CBO 
estimate) ...................................... . 
Disposal of defense real property (permanent) (CBO 
estimate) ........................................ . 
DHP, O&M to DOD-VA Joint Incentive Fund (permanent): 
Defense function ............................... . 
Non-defense function ........................... . 
DHP, O&M to Joint DOD-VA Medical Facility 
Demonstration Fund (Sec.8090): 
Defense function ............................... . 
Non-defense function ...................... . 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer to Department 
of the Interior: 
Defense function ............................... . Non-defense 
function ........................... . 
Navy transfer to John C. Stennis Center for Public 
Service Development Trust Fund: Defense 
function ............................... . Non-defense 
function ........................... . 
Tricare accrual (permanent, indefinite authority) 31 
DOD Acquisition Workforce Development Fund transfer 
proviso. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. · · · · · · · · 
Less emergency appropriations ...................... . 
Total, scorekeeping adjustments ................ . 
RECAPITULATION 
Title I -Military Personnel ........................... . 
Title II · Operation and Maintenance ............ . 
Title III -Procurement ................................ . 
Title IV Research, Development, Test and Evaluation .. . 
Title V · Revolving and Management Funds ............... . 
Title VI -Other Department of Defense Programs ........ . 
Title VII-Related Agencies .......................... .. 
Title VIII -General Provisions (net) .................. . 
Title IX· Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) .............. . 
Total, Department of Defense ..................... . 
Other appropriations ........................ . 
Scorekeeping adjustments ......................... . 
Total mandatory and discretionary ............. , .. . 
11 Included in Budget under Operation and Maintenance 
21 Included in Budget under Procurement 
31 Contributions to Department of Defense 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund 
(Sec. 725, P.L. 108-375) FY 2018 
Enacted 
38,000 
8,000 
-15,000 
15,000 
·115,519 
115' 519 
·1 ,000 
1 ,000 
8,145,000 
-500,000 
-4,920,089 
w ~---- -- -........ 
2,770,911 
============= 
133,367,397 
188,245,583 
133,868,632 
88,308,133 
1,685,596 
36,646,600 
1 '051 '600 -899,022 
65' 166 '000 
.. ~~··~~~~~·~~ 
647,440,519 
4,920,089 
2,770,911 -------------
655,131,519 
============= FY 2019 
Request 
36,000 
8,000 
-15,000 
15,000 -113,000 113,000 
·110,800 
110,800 
7,533,090 
-..... ~ ~ .. -.. ---.... 
7,577,090 
============= 
140,689,301 
199,469,636 
130,564,621 
91,056,950 
1 '542, 115 
35,839,806 
1,053,124 
115,800 
68,078,580 
-~ ----.. ------
668,409,933 
7,577,090 --.. ---.. -.. ----
675,987,023 
============= Bill 
36,000 
8,000 
-15,000 
15,000 
-113,000 
113,000 
7,533,090 
--...... --.... --.... 
7,577,090 
============= 
139,308,351 197,551 '742 
133,040,027 
91,218,284 
1,542,115 
36,224,921 1 
'026 '424 -462,954 
68,079,000 ------.. ---~--
667,527,910 
7,577,090 
---------~---
675,105,000 
============= Bill vs. Enacted 
·2,000 
+2,519 
2,519 
+1 ,000 
-1 '000 
-611 '910 +500,000 
+4,920,089 
.. ........................ 
+4 '806' 179 
============= 
+5,940,954 
+9' 306' 159 
-828,605 
+2,910,151 -143,481 -421,679 
·25' 176 
+436,068 
+2,913,000 
.. .......................... 
+20,087,391 
-4,920,089 
+4 '806' 179 
.. --...... --.. -.. --
+19,973,481 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
+110,800 -110,800 
. ........... -...... -.... 
============= 
1,380,950 
-1 '917' 894 
+2,475,406 
+161,334 +385,115 
-26,700 
·578,754 
+420 
--... --.. -------
-882,023 
-------.... -.... -
·882,023 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5716 June 26, 2018 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to start by expressing my appreciation for how Chairwoman G
RANGER has conducted the business of this subcommittee. Her abiding pri-ority has remained the safety, effec-tiveness, and efficiency of every man and woman in uniform. Additionally, she has taken a thoughtful and bipar-tisan approach to our work. She has been transparent, considerate of every Member’s request in this body, and is a fierce defender of the oversight respon-sibilities and constitutional preroga-tives of the Congress. I would also like to express my grati-tude to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , and the other members of the subcommittee for their efforts. This legislation would not have happened without the incredibly skilled staff that the chairwoman has just enumerated, and I will join her in thanking them for their outstanding work. I would also be remiss if I did not also use a portion of my time to recog-nize that this will be the last time I will manage time on a Defense appro-priations bill with my very good friend, Chairman R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , on the floor with us. He is a consummate gentleman, decent to his core, a tire-less advocate for the people he rep-resents, and always working for the best interest of our Nation and those wearing its uniform. He will be sorely missed, and this body will be lesser without him. I thank him for his serv-ice, and I thank him deeply for his friendship. With regards to the matters before us, I would like to begin by calling at-tention to an issue of great importance to me: the full integration of women in the military. Female servicemembers are invaluable to the defense of our Na-tion. For the majority of the time that they have been allowed in the military, women have had to assimilate into a culture established by men for men. This is not the best way to maximize the effectiveness of our armed services. While I appreciate the opening of combat career fields to women and the Department’s emerging effort to ensure that combat equipment is designed and fitted for female servicemembers, I would submit that these are imme-diate-term solutions. Bluntly, the rate at which women leave the service is detrimental to its readiness. Some of the reasons for their departures are glaringly obvious and will be difficult to overcome because they will require cultural and signifi-cant policy changes. But I am pleased that the House Armed Services Com-mittee in their fiscal year 2019 author-ization bill has taken a step to estab-lish a female retention baseline and de-veloped ways to improve female reten-tion. Initiatives like these will help the Appropriations Committee to better focus funding where it can be most ef-fective. Specific to the bill, the chairwoman has provided an accurate summary, but there are a few areas I would like to highlight. This bill increases funding by almost $200 million above the budg-et request for several important envi-ronmental cleanup accounts. The sub-committee under Chairwoman GRANGER and previously under Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN has been very proactive on emergency environmental issues, including those caused by fire-fighting chemicals. Those living on or near military facilities and everyone throughout our country should not have to worry about access to clean drinking water. Oversight of the management and ex-penditure of $674 billion is a core func-tion of this subcommittee. As such, this bill contains several cuts to ac-counts that have large, unobligated balances or have under executed. The funds generated by those cuts have been invested in programs and initia-tives that provide more benefit to our country and the warfighter. Unlike the recently debated and much-ballyhooed rescission bill, these are actions of real substance that will benefit the tax-payer. I believe good oversight is fostered by constructive and informed dialogue be-tween the committee and the agencies. Oversight cannot be effective when pro-posals are presented at the last minute with the intention of forcing a deci-sion. Oversight cannot be effective when complex changes to a program are first communicated to the legisla-tive branch through the media. I have great respect for the service secretaries and chiefs, but there needs to be an im-provement in the timeliness and qual-ity of communication. The committee report to accompany this bill contains several sections encouraging the de-partment as a whole and with a special focus on the Army to adhere to con-gressional direction, increased trans-parency for budget exhibits, and im-prove the quality and timeliness of communication. I am cautiously optimistic that the bipartisan budget agreement, which provided relief from the Budget Con-trol Act, will provide a pathway for completing the fiscal year 2019 bills in a somewhat timely manner. However, the next two fiscal years present daunting obstacles to make it even more important to complete our work as soon as possible. Most obvious is the return of the BCA caps for fiscal year 2020, which if left unchanged will require the depart-ment’s base funding to be reduced by $71 billion from the level provided in this bill. A reduction of that mag-nitude would cause great disruption. Inexplicably, multiple Congresses have managed to alleviate the budget caps for 7 of 8 years, but only after signifi-cant and protracted political theater. I know the senior leaders in the Pen-tagon are not taking chances and have begun to identify programs to cut in 2020 that will carry the least associated risk for the warfighter if these caps are not adjusted. Additionally, senior military leaders have testified that arresting the ero-sion of our military’s competitive ad-vantage requires real budget growth of at least 3 percent above inflation through 2023, and that increasing that competitive advantage would require even higher growth. I agree with the assessment that we need to make smart investments, but I do not believe a growth rate of that magnitude is sus-tainable. Unless we act responsibly on the revenue side of the budget and ad-dress entitlements in a meaningful fashion, the money will not be there. While we are on the floor today de-bating the funding for the DOD bill, we must consider that maintaining our competitive advantage in defense also requires other investments that we do not immediately equate with military matters. As only 29 percent of Ameri-cans aged 17 to 24 qualify for military service, investments in our youth, dif-ficult-to-retain populations, education, and public health are equally impor-tant. Since fiscal year 2016, the annual funding level for the Department of De-fense has increased by $100 billion. To put this into context, a $100 billion in-crease is larger than the annual budget for the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, and the Department of Transportation. It is greater than the combined annual budgets of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. Finally, I remain concerned that while we have seen plenty of long- awaited, long-term planning and strat-egy documents generated by the Pen-tagon and the White House over the last 500 days, the bulk of our ongoing military operations continue to be au-thorized by legislation from 17 years ago. There have been four Presidential elections and eight congressional elec-tions since 2001 and its Authorization for Use of Military Force. I am dis-appointed that the Rules Committee did not make in order any amendments on this matter. It is a shame that this Congress cannot muster the will to even talk about this important issue. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I, again, thank the chairwoman for her great ef-fort and her true partnership, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), who is the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the gentlewoman for the time and rise in strong support of her bill, the Defense appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.079 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5717 June 26, 2018 
bill. I know I join Mrs. L OWEY in con-gratulating Ms. G
RANGER and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY for their excellent Defense ap-propriations bill and their joint dedica-tion to a very bipartisan product. They continue, I think, a very proud tradi-tion. Let me also acknowledge and thank the men and women who helped produce the bill who stand or sit be-hind us and who have been mentioned by both the ranking member and chair-man. I want to thank them for making us look good and making sure that we have a very professional product. I do want to take the opportunity to thank the personal staff of the mem-bers on the committee as well as Steve Wilson from my office who has worked on my behalf for 15 years on defense issues. The distinguished chair, Ms. G
RANGER , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY have out-lined the specific recommendations and highlights of their bill. As we are aware, the bill totals $675.6 billion for the Department of Defense. This is con-sistent, as Ms. G
RANGER has men-tioned, with the bicameral, bipartisan budget agreement hammered out last spring. In addition to the increased funding in this bill, the balanced budget agree-ment also has provided what we call critically important stability and pre-dictability to the Department of De-fense, our Armed Forces, and our de-fense industrial base. Enhancing their ability to plan even in the short term is good news for national defense and that of our partners. For the future, I am deeply con-cerned that a return to the arbitrary caps established under the Budget Con-trol Act 8 years ago would again force a return to the shortsighted, budget- driven thinking on national security spending that took place in recent years. Mr. Chairman, the rebuilding of our military continues today with this leg-islation. This bill includes funding for more equipment, more munitions, more troops, and more training. Re-storing readiness is a key objective of this proposal. We routinely ask our men and women in uniform—all volunteers—to go to great lengths to complete their mis-sions, and they must be well-equipped, well-trained, and well-supported. That is why this bill includes $246 billion for operation and maintenance—funding that will provide for more battle train-ing, more flight hours, more steaming days, and more depot maintenance. The bill also includes a total of $144 billion for military personnel, increas-ing the size of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines. I would also note that the chairman has mentioned we provide a 2.6 percent pay increase for our troops—the largest such pay in-crease in 9 years. The bill also looks after our Armed Forces and their families by providing funding for the Defense Health Pro-gram, continuing critical research, and sustaining the well-being of our mili-tary’s most valuable resource—its peo-ple. Beyond these important investments that will rebuild our military in the near term, the bill prepares for the fu-ture by providing research and develop-ment funding to modernize our mili-tary to meet current and future threats: the continued menace of ter-rorist networks in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, and Africa; ongoing threats by Iran and North Korea; the belligerent re-emergence of China; and the military expansionism of Russia and China. Mr. Chairman, the legislation also acknowledges emerging dangers and challenges at home and abroad posed by drones, cyber war, and transnational crime, and makes invest-ments in capabilities such as ISR and artificial intelligence to prepare and protect against these threats. In short, this bill prepares our warfighters to meet any challenge any-where at any time. Mr. Chairman, the Department of De-fense appropriations bill before the House today is the largest and argu-ably the most important bill of our an-nual appropriations process. It deserves our support. b1630 I congratulate the chairman, Ms. G
RANGER , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY for put-ting forward an excellent bill on behalf of our Nation. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of the committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, at the outset, I, too, want to thank Chair-woman G
RANGER , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY for the coordinated, collegial approach in producing this very outstanding bill. Of course, the entire staff on both sides of the aisle, I thank them for their important work. We couldn’t do it without them, for sure. The bill does reflect the collegial and bipartisan tradition of the Defense Subcommittee, providing ample fund-ing for the needs of our armed services and intelligence community. There are a number of provisions I would like to highlight: Servicemembers receive a 2.6 percent pay raise, although I am concerned their civilian counterparts who work side-by-side with uniformed personnel will not see any increase; $752 million is dedicated to congres-sionally directed medical research pro-grams that are so critical and lead to breakthroughs on cancer, PTSD, Par-kinson’s, and more; $8.4 is directed to bolster cybersecu-rity initiatives, $100 million above the enacted level; and, $500 million, the full amount in the MOU, is invested in the Israeli Missile Defense Cooperative program. The committee has taken its over-sight responsibilities seriously to en-courage greater efficiency, improve transparency, strengthen communica-tion, and ensure the Department of De-fense adheres to congressional direc-tion. Unlike other spending measures con-sidered this year, this bill is the prod-uct of an inclusive process that invests in bipartisan priorities and is free of poison pill riders. It was written within the funding levels agreed upon in the most recent budget agreement, skip-ping OCO-to-base gimmicks previously employed to skirt the capped funding levels. Mr. Chairman, I urge its support. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chairman, I am proud today to rise in support of H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act for fiscal year 2019. I, too, want to commend Chairwoman G
RANGER , Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , and every member of our sub-committee for their commitment in providing for the common defense. I am honored by the opportunity to work with them to fulfill our duty to our Na-tion and our warfighters. Earlier this year, Mr. Chairman, this body and our President made a strong commitment to our military by pass-ing necessary funding increases to meet our growing global threats. I am happy to report this bill continues that momentum by rebuilding readiness and giving our troops the equipment they need to combat near-peer threats. Most importantly, this bill supports our warfighters through investments in training, recruitment, and retention, while providing them a much-deserved pay raise. I am particularly pleased that the bill prioritizes funding for the total force. Mr. Chairman, as a 30-year vet-eran of the National Guard, I know firsthand the important role the Na-tional Guard and Reserve forces play in our national defense. They are no longer simply a strategic reserve. They operate side-by-side with members of the Active component every day, and this bill makes sure that they go into the fight with necessary training and equipment. This is a good bill, Mr. Chairman, and I am proud to see it makes signifi-cant investments in Arkansas’ defense industry and acknowledges the impor-tant role these Arkansas businesses play in supplying our Armed Forces. With an ally in the White House, we can work with our colleagues in the Senate to provide our defenders what they need and deserve, and that is our unyielding support. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make a statement of strength today and to show our en-emies that, regardless of our disagree-ments, we will always support our men and women who willingly go into harm’s way to defend America’s free-dom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.080 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5718 June 26, 2018 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman G
RANGER , Ranking Mem-ber V
ISCLOSKY , and the staff for their hard work on this legislation. The FY19 defense bill funds to the levels of the bipartisan budget agree-ment, providing robust investments in the Department of Defense. I believe we have achieved a bipartisan product that will improve the readiness of our servicemembers, to ensure that they have the training and the equipment necessary to do their jobs and come home safely. Additionally, this bill makes serious investments in environmental cleanup by funding the environmental remedi-ation accounts at almost $200 million over the President’s request. This is a commitment that will ensure commu-nities living on or around our military installations have access to clean drinking water. In Minnesota, this fund has been crit-ical to cleaning up the Twin Cities Army Ammunition Plant. It is a site in my district. That restoration has made community and business development possible on what was once deeply pol-luted land. But I do want to mention one long-standing concern I have regarding the amount of money that we are set to spend on the Pentagon’s Nuclear Pos-ture Review over the next decade. We already have a credible nuclear deter-rent, spending more than $1 trillion on the nuclear triad and billions more on low-yield nuclear weapons we don’t need. It does not make a lot of budgetary sense to move forward on this program. The American people don’t see the sense in this either. That is why I don’t support this program. Again, I want to thank the chair and the ranking member for their work. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ), a member of Appropriations Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise today as a proud member of the House Appropriations Committee in strong support of H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. This legislation makes critical in-vestments in restoring our military’s readiness, supports our men and women in uniform with the largest pay increase in 9 years, and furthers Con-gress’ commitment to making America safer and stronger. I also want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and her staff for including funding for several programs that are important not only to our Nation, Mr. Chairman, but also to my district in northeast Florida. This includes the procurement of 6 E–2D Advanced Hawkeyes, 10 P–8A Poseidon aircraft, 24 F/A–18 Super Hornets, 3 MQ–4C Tri-ton unmanned aerial vehicles, and funding for the Air Force’s potential purchase of a light attack aircraft. As a representative of Naval Station Mayport, which is the East Coast homeport for the littoral combat ship, I am especially proud to see the com-mittee reject the Navy’s request of only one LCS for this fiscal year. Pro-curing three of these small surface combatants, in addition to funding two LCS training facilities at Mayport in the MILCON/VA appropriations bill we passed earlier this year, is proof of Congress’ continued support of this program and to the health of our Na-tion’s shipyards. Both are essential to the future of our Navy and to our na-tional security. As we continue to see global threats on the rise and our peer adversaries in-vest more and more in their own capa-bilities, I believe we have the responsi-bility to give our brave men and women in uniform the tools they need to protect this Nation. This bill builds on the progress we made in fiscal year 2018 to do just that. Again, I would like to thank Chair-woman GRANGER , Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN , and both of their staffs for their hard work on this very important piece of legislation, which I hope the President can sign before the end of this fiscal year. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), ranking mem-ber of the Energy and Water Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I wish to congratulate Chair G
RANGER  and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their tireless efforts to produce this bill to meet several unsettled security threats facing our Nation. The content of their effort addresses difficult, shift-ing challenges. With a National Defense Strategy de-livered just months ago, this bill de-fends America against the revisionist powers of Russia and China and numer-ous rogue regimes throughout the world. It rebuilds our military from a deteriorated state resulting from near-ly two decades of constant conflict. This bill faces these challenges head- on and provides an unprecedented $675 billion for defense, defending our Na-tion from all enemies, foreign and do-mestic. The funds will go a long way to strengthen troop levels, bolster cyber-security and space operations capa-bility, gird our commitment to our al-lies and partners in NATO, check sov-ereign threats to nations like Ukraine, and numerous other priorities. Most importantly, after 17 years of war and conflict, this bill prioritizes the health of our servicemembers, pro-viding $34 billion for the Defense Health Program. It increases funding for defense health research in the areas of mental health, traumatic brain in-jury, opioid abuse and pain manage-ment, and a host of other critical health research efforts. While I am supportive of this bill, and trust Secretary Mattis to lead us ethically with the utmost integrity, re-cent news reports that seek to utilize Department of Defense assets on the domestic front raise cause for concern. I am apprehensive about the news that our military was asked to house un-documented adults and children as they await court proceedings. In conclusion, I am here today to urge my colleagues to support the de-fense bill. This legislation provides funds for much-needed technological advancements; strengthens the phys-ical and mental health of our service-members; and reinforces our military strength for the future through major investments in readiness, force, and de-fense medicine. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ). Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for their leadership on this bill. I stand in support of the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. It funds our critical defense needs. It is a great investment in our men and women in uniform. It is going to give them the tools they need to receive. It starts restoring or military’s health. A year ago, we heard about half the Navy aircraft not being able to fly be-cause of maintenance issues. Out of 58 combat brigades, only five are ready to fight tonight. Our fighter pilots are getting only one-third of the time they used to get 20 years ago. All of this is unacceptable. We have had 80 fatalities during routine operations. We restored military spending by 10 percent last year. This bill maintains that and keeps up with inflation. It is a great bill that is going to help re-store our military. There are two points I would like to make with this bill, though. First, I want to thank the chair-woman for what she and the committee are doing with the OC–135. The OC–135 open skies aircraft flies out of Offutt Air Force Base. It is 57 years old. It supports the open skies mission when we overfly Russia. It has one of the worst maintenance rates in the United States Air Force. It frequently breaks down in Russia, put-ting them in very awkward, hostile sit-uations with Russians at their bases. So I thank the Appropriations Com-mittee for getting this funding process started to replace these aircraft. The Air Force wants it. It is the right thing to do. Secondly, this body has made great strides to get our bases in Europe inde-pendent from Russian gas. Our bases are there to deter the Russians. Yet, some of those bases are dependent on Russian gas. It doesn’t make sense. In time of hostilities, they will just turn that gas off and put our men and women in uniform in a terrible situa-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.081 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5719 June 26, 2018 
We have made strides to force our military to find alternative sources of power. But I understand that a col-league on the other side of the aisle wants to submit an amendment remov-ing those restrictions, so, once again, we will start using Russian gas. It is wrong. I thank the chairwoman for op-posing the Huffman amendment. I do, too. This is a great appropriations bill. I stand in support. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), a member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations as well as the Subcommittee on Defense Appropria-tions. b1645 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their bipartisan work in support of our Nation’s mili-tary. I also thank the staff on both sides of the aisle because they have worked very hard to put this very im-portant bill together. Mr. Chair, first I would like to high-light that this bill provides over $606 billion to rebuild our Armed Forces, in-cluding $338 billion to restore critical military readiness programs. This is a significant investment in the men and women who sacrifice so much to keep us safe. This bill also includes a 2.6 percent pay raise for our military families, the largest in 9 years, which is the least we can do to show our gratitude for their service to our country. There are other investments, and let me just highlight a couple of them. There is $40 million for military im-pact aid, which enables schools to pro-vide specialized counseling programs to meet the unique needs of our military children. There is also an additional $10 mil-lion to fund programs aimed at sup-porting military families that have children with severe disabilities. There is also $203 million for the Na-tional Guard Counterdrug Program, which allows units to conduct more counterdrug operations and training exercises, which, again, will help us re-duce the illegal drugs coming into our country. It also calls for research for rare can-cers within the Department of Defense to help us better understand the unique exposure to cancer-causing elements impacting our servicemembers. One more thing that I would like to highlight is that it calls on the Depart-ment of Defense to partner with His-panic-Serving Institutions in many specialties, especially foreign language programs and aircraft pilot programs. These types of partnerships will pro-vide diversity. Again, there are a lot of other bene-fits. I want to say to both sides: A job well done. Keep working together. Let’s make this bipartisan. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), a distinguished member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, for more than a decade, we have overused and underinvested in the United States military. This bill marks a welcomed change of direction and a recapitaliza-tion of the American military. I could go through a lot of the weap-ons systems and missions and pro-grams. I am fortunate enough to rep-resent a district in which all four serv-ices are active, both at Fort Sill, where we have Marine artillery and Army ar-tillery and air defense artillery, and Tinker Air Force Base, where we have the Navy E–6 wing as well as the larg-est air depot in the world. This bill will make a difference for all of those in-stallations. Much more importantly, what the American people need to understand is, at the end of this process, we will have a larger Army, a larger Navy, a larger Air Force, and a larger Marine Corps. They will be better trained, better equipped, and better able to serve us and, thank goodness, better com-pensated as well. Mr. Chair, I want to thank, particu-larly, Chairwoman G
RANGER and Rank-ing Member V
ISCLOSKY . I wish people could have watched this process. I have served under three very capable chair-men on this subcommittee. To watch them work back and forth in such a bi-partisan, pragmatic, and thorough way and to interact with professionals in our military and to give every member of that subcommittee an opportunity to participate in a meaningful way was a legislative marvel and probably a minor miracle in the way things go. I think you can see that just by listen-ing to the remarks on both sides of the aisle about our chairman and our rank-ing member and the process in which they engaged. Mr. Chair, I want to urge everybody on the floor to vote for this bill. It was arrived at the right way. It is the right thing for the country and the Amer-ican military. More than that, I am proud of our chairman, I am proud of our ranking member, and I am very proud to have been able to participate in this process. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chair, I commend Ranking Mem-ber V
ISCLOSKY and Chairwoman G
RANGER for producing a bill that pro-vides the resources necessary for our armed services to perform the critical role of securing our Nation. The bill funds both the assets our armed services need and invests in servicemembers, providing for a 2.6 percent increase in military pay. I thank my colleague, the chair-woman from Texas, for including in the committee report language addressing the metastatic cancer task force report on research related to metastatic can-cer. I look forward to working with the chairwoman and ranking member to ensure that DOD not only considers the recommendations from the task force, but expeditiously implements them to ensure that we are making progress in reducing the estimated 90 percent of cancer deaths that are due to the di-rect or indirect effects of metastasis. I thank the chairwoman for her commit-ment to doing that. Mr. Chairman, I also want to point out that I filed an amendment to this bill that would prevent agencies from stopping Members of Congress from visiting facilities housing foreign na-tional minors. Last week, Senator NELSON and I were denied access, after first being told we would be admitted, to a tem-porary shelter housing foreign national minors in Homestead, Florida. Allow-ing Congress to conduct our appro-priate oversight role without restric-tion is absolutely essential to us being able to make sure we can be good stew-ards of the people’s resources. Regardless of party affiliation, as Members of Congress, we should all agree that it is not only our right, but our duty to conduct oversight of the administration on our terms and on our timeline. I urge the Republican majority to make my amendment in order so that we can do just that. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to support this well-crafted Defense Appropria-tions bill. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ). Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chair, I want to commend the subcommittee and the full committee for including in the base text a provision that says that no funds shall be used in contravention of the War Powers Act. This is a provision I originally proposed in 2011 as a floor vote. We lost at first, but it was adopt-ed in 2011 and has been part of the base text ever since. The War Powers Act is the one re-straint on a President who seeks to, on their own accord, send our troops into harm’s way for permanent warfare. It says that troops cannot be deployed for more than 60 or 90 days without an Au-thorization for Use of Military Force, but every President since the Vietnam war has claimed that the War Powers Act was an unconstitutional, non-binding provision on the President’s power to send our troops. That is why I am pleased to report to the House that, when he testified be-fore our committee, former Attorney General Mukasey said, But with this provision, the President has to abide by the War Powers Act. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.083 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5720 June 26, 2018 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my dear friend from Indiana and his staff and thank the majority man-ager and her staff for their leadership on this bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of section 8129, particularly, of this bill. This sec-tion, Mr. Chairman, would finally allow the Secretary of Defense, in the event of a government shutdown, to make military death gratuity pay-ments to families of fallen servicemem-bers. I commend the committee for includ-ing this long overdue provision, which was my number one priority request to the committee and the subject of bi-partisan legislation I have introduced in every Congress. I was pleased to colead that with my friend T
OMROO-
NEYof Florida. It was shameful that Congress pre-viously would allow the government to shut down and allow grieving families of fallen servicemembers to go without this small, impartial measure of our appreciation and gratitude for their loved one’s ultimate service. Sadly, that is what happened in the shutdown of October 2013 and the subsequent shutdown of January 2018. We must en-sure this never happens again. The ac-tion taken by the committee pursuant to the bill we introduced does just that. I want to again thank the committee for righting a wrong. No grieving fam-ily should worry when Congress doesn’t do its job and allows the funding of the government to lapse that their pay-ments remembering their loved ones and the sacrifice they made are at risk—never again. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their leadership. I thank the com-mittee for righting this wrong. I am proud to have co-authored the bill that allowed us to get to this point. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Section 8129 of this bill. This section would allow the Secretary of Defense, in the event of a government shut-down, to make military death gratuity pay-ments to families of fallen service members. I commend the Committee for including this long overdue provision, which was my number one priority request to the Committee and the subject of bipartisan legislation I have intro-duced with my colleague Representative T
OM R
OONEY of Florida. It is shameful that Congress would allow the government to shut down and allow grieving military families to go without this small and partial measure of our gratitude for their loved one’s service. Sadly, that is what happened in October 2013 and January 2018. We must ensure that it never happens again. Thank you again to the Chairman and Ranking Member for being responsive to the more than 200 members who have cospon-sored the Families of Fallen Servicemembers First Act (H.R. 1928) and the two dozen vet-erans organizations who have endorsed the bill. But most importantly, thank you for caring for our military families. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill. I commend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , Subcommittee Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank our dedicated profes-sional staff who have tirelessly worked on this bill. I have served on the House Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee for many years and providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our Armed Services, including a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our future superi-ority on land, air and at sea. Whether it is the procurement of next-gen platforms or systems, the recruitment and retention of our best and brightest, or investment in cutting-edge tech-nology—this bill is a down payment on our fu-ture force. Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense Strategy. As we all know, our Secretary of Defense is focused on readiness and lethality. This bill meets the de-mands of the Department to restore our readi-ness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equip-ment that will maintain our military superiority, and provide for the health and welfare of our men and women in uniform. We are at a unique time in history that de-mands U.S. leadership throughout the world. As we know all too well, a power vacuum breeds instability and extremism. A strong U.S. military, with our allies, cre-ates stability. After too many years of a budget driven strategy, this bill reflects the investment needed to maintain and secure U.S. interests around the world. The investment we make here today—about 16 percent of our entire federal budget—has dividends down the road for many years. The security of our nation, and the peace of the world, depends on a strong U.S. military. The power of the purse lies with Congress and today I urge all Members to vote in sup-port of the FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill. The Senate is doing their work and ex-pects to mark up their defense bill in the full committee later this week. The last time the House passed a stand- alone Defense Appropriations Conference Re-port that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal year was September 2009. Let’s turn the page on CRs that cripple the Depart-ment and return to regular order. Thank you again to my colleagues who crafted this bill, to our military leadership and to the men and women of the United States military. I urge passage of this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for shepherding H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Defense Appropriations Act for Fis-cal Year 2019,’’ to the floor and for their devo-tion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 increases funding for the PTSD by $5 million. These funds should be used toward out-reach activities targeting hard to reach vet-erans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Dis-order (PTSD). Mr. Chair, along with traumatic brain injury, PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. For those of us whose daily existence is not lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to con-tinue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. But there always comes a reckoning. And it usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. And the horror of those desperate and dan-gerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. PTSD was first brought to public attention in relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as tor-ture, being kidnapped or held captive, bomb-ings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. People with PTSD may startle easily, be-come emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, be-come more aggressive, or even become vio-lent. They avoid situations that remind them of the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. Most people with PTSD repeatedly relive the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks; a person hav-ing a flashback may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is hap-pening all over again. Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most veterans with PTSD also have other psy-chiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have co-occurring disorders, which include depression, alcohol and/or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 recognizes that these soldiers are first and foremost, human, who live their experiences. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghani-stan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 will help ensure that ‘‘no soldier is left behind’’ by ad-dressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas of our country. I urge all Members to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.085 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5721 June 26, 2018 
An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–77 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6157 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $43,093,752,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Re-serve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,254,211,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,770,968,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,357,311,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve train-ing, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,848,947,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in con-nection with performing duty specified in sec-tion 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,055,221,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty speci-fied in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $777,390,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve train-ing, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,853,526,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,589,785,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or sec-tion 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,707,240,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $41,334,782,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary ex-penses, to be expended on the approval or au-thority of the Secretary of the Army, and pay-ments may be made on his certificate of neces-sity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $48,963,337,000: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certifi-cate of necessity for confidential military pur-poses. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,824,269,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $41,465,107,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary ex-penses, to be expended on the approval or au-thority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of ne-cessity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of De-fense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $35,676,402,000: Provided, That not more than $7,503,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund au-thorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to ex-ceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of De-fense, and payments may be made on his certifi-cate of necessity for confidential military pur-poses: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not less than $42,300,000 shall be made available for the Pro-curement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $4,500,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service head-quarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legis-lative affairs or legislative liaison office: Pro-vided further, That $19,160,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activi-ties, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and mainte-nance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time pe-riod as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the in-vestment item unit cost of items that may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.086 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5722 June 26, 2018 
purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $496,264,000, of which $124,066,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or indi-viduals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other De-partment of Defense security cooperation pro-grams: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided under this heading is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,877,402,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,019,966,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of fa-cilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, sup-plies, and equipment; and communications, $281,570,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,212,234,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and ad-ministering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related ex-penses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facili-ties; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regula-tions when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equip-ping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, main-tenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,329,771,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and ad-ministering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related ex-penses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facili-ties; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as au-thorized by law for Air National Guard per-sonnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regula-tions when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,438,162,000. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,662,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $235,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appro-priations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time pe-riod as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $365,883,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $376,808,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, re-duction and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the De-partment of the Air Force, or for similar pur-poses, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $19,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon deter-mining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of De-fense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY USED D
EFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $248,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Depart-ment of Defense, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , ANDCIVIC A
ID For expenses relating to the Overseas Human-itarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the pro-grams provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $117,663,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Coopera-tive Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,240,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $400,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5723 June 26, 2018 
equipment, including ordnance, ground han-dling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $4,103,942,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2021. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground han-dling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $3,074,502,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked com-bat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses nec-essary for the foregoing purposes, $4,590,205,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $2,255,323,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2021. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; spe-cialized equipment and training devices; expan-sion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing pur-poses, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $7,683,632,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, includ-ing the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $20,107,195,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, tor-pedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $3,555,587,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $973,556,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2021. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as author-ized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time compo-nents and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land nec-essary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Columbia Class Submarine (AP), $2,949,400,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 80), $1,598,181,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $4,340,676,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,796,401,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $425,873,000; DDG–1000 Program, $270,965,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $5,187,837,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $391,928,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,558,505,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $647,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $977,104,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,046,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $80,517,000; LCU 1700, $41,520,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $507,875,000; Service Craft, $72,062,000; LCAC SLEP, $23,321,000; For outfitting, post-delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $557,457,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Pro-grams, $207,099,000. In all: $22,708,767,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2023: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2023, for engineering serv-ices, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign fa-cilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclear-powered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and moderniza-tion of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of pas-senger motor vehicles for replacement only; ex-pansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $9,093,835,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, ar-mament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expan-sion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $2,647,569,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Govern-ment-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and ac-quisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Gov-ernment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $17,118,921,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5724 June 26, 2018 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing pur-poses, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,591,982,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of spacecraft, rockets, and related equip-ment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,388,642,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $1,468,992,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2021. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For procurement and modification of equip-ment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, mate-rials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway, $20,597,574,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, pro-duction, and modification of equipment, sup-plies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of pas-senger motor vehicles for replacement only; ex-pansion of public and private plants, equip-ment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $6,711,225,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; com-bat, tactical and support vehicles; other weap-ons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,300,000,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional de-fense committees the modernization priority as-sessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, mu-nitions, or ammunition. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $68,578,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $10,108,108,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $17,658,244,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $40,939,500,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, reha-bilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $22,291,423,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Pro-vided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engi-neering, testing, and validation; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innova-tion Program to appropriations for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appro-priation, notify the congressional defense com-mittees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the independent activities of the Di-rector, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and admin-istrative expenses in connection therewith, $221,009,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,542,115,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the De-partment of Defense as authorized by law, $34,047,018,000; of which $31,758,947,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, and of which up to $15,211,801,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE pro-gram; of which $844,834,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,443,237,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activi-ties conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $752,600,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. C
HEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and muni-tions in accordance with the provisions of sec-tion 1412 of the Department of Defense Author-ization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $993,816,000, of which $105,997,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $52,735,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,600,000 for activities on military in-stallations and $31,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to assist State and local governments; $1,091,000 shall be for pro-curement, to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $1,091,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5725 June 26, 2018 
and $886,728,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for research, develop-ment, test and evaluation, of which $880,283,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weap-ons Alternatives program. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for re-search, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $530,285,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $121,900,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; 197,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and 5,276,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools pro-gram: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obliga-tion for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $329,273,000, of which $327,611,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $60,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,602,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agen-cy Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for con-tinuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $512,424,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, pro-visions of law prohibiting the payment of com-pensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Pro-vided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the ap-propriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of De-fense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the For-eign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the ap-propriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the ap-proval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,250,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropria-tions or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all trans-fers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogram-ming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority pro-vided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. S
EC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget ac-tivities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were in-cluded in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appro-priation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after en-actment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees to establish the baseline for ap-plication of reprogramming and transfer au-thorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a sepa-rate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, adjust-ments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special con-gressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is sub-mitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writ-ing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Ac-tivities, Defense’’. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the De-partment of Defense established pursuant to sec-tion 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are nec-essary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided fur-ther, That transfers may be made between work-ing capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appro-priated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working cap-ital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. S
EC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access pro-gram without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an un-funded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance pro-curement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance pro-curement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5726 June 26, 2018 
procurement contracts for any systems or com-ponent thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear author-ity shall require the use of a present value anal-ysis to determine lowest cost compared to an an-nual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of air-craft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which pro-curement funds are requested in that budget re-quest for production beyond advance procure-ment activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufac-turing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for a multiyear procure-ment contract as follows: Standard Missile-3 IB; F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and EA-18G Aircraft variants; E-2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) Air-craft; and C-130J, KC-130J, HC-130J, MC-130J, AC-130J Aircraft. S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to author-ized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pur-suant to the Compact of Free Association as au-thorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination by the Sec-retary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs con-ducted at Army medical facilities located in Ha-waii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facili-ties and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Is-lands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. S
EC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the management of such per-sonnel during that fiscal year shall not be sub-ject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such per-sonnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justifica-tion material and other documentation sup-porting the fiscal year 2020 Department of De-fense budget request shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2020. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Dis-tribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army partici-pating as a full-time student and receiving bene-fits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Ben-efits Fund when time spent as a full-time stu-dent is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Pro-vided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Men-tor-Prote´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are sub-stantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service respon-sible for the procurement may waive this restric-tion on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security pur-poses. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demili-tarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber ri-fles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or de-stroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition com-ponents are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. SEC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense commit-tees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the In-dian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Pro-vided, That a prime contractor or a subcon-tractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as de-fined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and in-volves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of De-fense acquisition of supplies or services, includ-ing any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. S
EC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psy-chological activities. S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for pur-poses specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Ku-wait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropria-tions or fund which incurred such obligations. S
EC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $46,100,000 shall be avail-able for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $33,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procure-ment. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new De-partment of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a sepa-rate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consor-tium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit enti-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5727 June 26, 2018 
(b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trust-ees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be com-pensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of member-ship duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the depart-ment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construc-tion of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for ab-sorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include em-ployee participation in community service and/ or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2019, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical ef-fort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budg-et estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $179,000,000. S
EC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to pro-cure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procure-ment restrictions shall apply to any and all Fed-eral Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not avail-able to meet Department of Defense require-ments on a timely basis and that such an acqui-sition must be made in order to acquire capa-bility for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modi-fication, depot maintenance and repair of air-craft, vehicles and vessels as well as the produc-tion of components and other Defense-related articles, through competition between Depart-ment of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Ac-quisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids in-clude comparable estimates of all direct and in-direct costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. SEC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign coun-try which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memo-randum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain prod-ucts in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Depart-ment of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2019. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Re-covery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the pay-ments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall con-vey, at no cost to the Air Force, military hous-ing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are sub-mitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walk-ing Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Min-nesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the hous-ing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of In-dian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Rec-ognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). S
EC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, ap-propriations which are available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an invest-ment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense In-struction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. S
EC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an in-vestment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Depart-ment of Defense Business Operations Fund dur-ing fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justifica-tion material and other documentation sup-porting the fiscal year 2020 Department of De-fense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fis-cal year 2020 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated, trans-ferred, or otherwise credited to the Central In-telligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subse-quent fiscal year shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That any funds ap-propriated or transferred to the Central Intel-ligence Agency for advanced research and de-velopment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2020. S
EC. 8035. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental im-pacts, including training and technical assist-ance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to com-plete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8036. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5728 June 26, 2018 
Department of Defense unless the entity, in ex-pending the funds, complies with the Buy Amer-ican Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expend-ing the appropriation, purchase only American- made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competitive, quality competitive, and avail-able in a timely fashion. S
EC. 8037. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the depart-ment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employ-ee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel require-ments or the financial requirements of the de-partment. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common bio-metric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency estab-lished to administer the Air Force Mortuary Af-fairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. S
EC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to con-tractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan de-veloped by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organiza-tion’s personnel-related costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advan-tage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activ-ity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without re-gard to subsection (a) of this section or sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list estab-lished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits-Wag-ner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other se-verely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in sec-tion 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot con-tracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the author-ity provided by this section shall be credited to-ward any competitive or outsourcing goal, tar-get, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in com-pliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8039. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the speci-fied amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $69,140,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $93,600,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $11,761,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $115,657,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $134,900,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $5,200,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $25,000,000; ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’, 2018/2020, $14,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2018/2019, $6,196,000; and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2018/2019, $17,500,000. S
EC. 8040. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized posi-tions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively im-posed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduc-tion on military technicians (dual status), un-less such reductions are a direct result of a re-duction in military force structure. SEC. 8041. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be ob-ligated or expended for assistance to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifi-cally appropriated for that purpose. S
EC. 8042. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military De-partments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropria-tions for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence sup-port to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the Na-tional Intelligence Program and the Military In-telligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from estab-lished Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8043. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifi-cally provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically pro-vided in an appropriations law. S
EC. 8044. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire ca-pability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, ex-cept that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. S
EC. 8045. In addition to the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of De-fense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8046. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that such an acquisi-tion must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not avail-able from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8047. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer program set-asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they con-tribute to the extramural budget. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5729 June 26, 2018 
(1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the con-tractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8049. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be trans-ferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8050. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the De-partment of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obli-gation is not chargeable to a current appropria-tion of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the ac-count, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro-vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. S
EC. 8051. (a) Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reim-bursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimburse-ment for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the Na-tional Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that sub-section. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8052. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-wide’’, $35,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Pro-gram: Provided, That the funds are made avail-able for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Depart-ment of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8053. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end- items for delivery to military forces for oper-ational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to end-items used in develop-ment, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for end-items used in development, prototyping and test activities pre-ceding and leading to acceptance for oper-ational use: Provided further, That this restric-tion does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8054. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procure-ment of defense items from foreign sources pro-vided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate re-ciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or simi-lar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the op-tion prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limita-tion regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chap-ters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. S
EC. 8055. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of per-forming repairs or maintenance to military fam-ily housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of con-ducting official Department of Defense business. S
EC. 8056. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability demonstra-tion project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congres-sional defense committees that it is in the na-tional interest to do so. S
EC. 8057. The Secretary of Defense shall con-tinue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Commit-tees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain mat-ters as directed in the classified annex accom-panying this Act. SEC. 8058. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reservist who is a member of the National Guard serving on full- time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform du-ties in support of the ground-based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. S
EC. 8059. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovern-mental entity ammunition held by the Depart-ment of Defense that has a center-fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature des-ignation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-piercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, ex-cept to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitariza-tion process; or (2) used to manufacture ammu-nition pursuant to a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense or the manufacture of ammuni-tion for export pursuant to a License for Perma-nent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8060. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of per-sonal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit orga-nization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by-case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8061. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Army’’, $62,483,700 shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Govern-ment: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real prop-erty, construction, personal services, and oper-ations related to projects carrying out the pur-poses of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnifica-tion as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Fed-eral, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8062. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, in-cluding through the creation of a new appro-priation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the De-partment of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, ob-ligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5730 June 26, 2018 
the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative fi-nancial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alter-native processes will adversely affect counter-intelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all af-fected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agen-cies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal report-ing, and will not adversely affect counterintel-ligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and intel-ligence committees. S
EC. 8063. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the na-tional interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Founda-tion, Inc., only for the construction and fur-nishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when con-fronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. S
EC. 8064. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8065. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense- Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $70,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Govern-ment of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rocket threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $187,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, includ-ing cruise missile defense research and develop-ment under the SRBMD program, of which $50,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements con-sistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co- production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $80,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $80,000,000 shall be for co-production ac-tivities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s de-fense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; and $163,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8066. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Con-version, Navy’’, $207,099,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, to fund prior year ship-building cost increases: Provided, That upon en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropria-tions in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2011/2019: LHA Replacement $25,100,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2019: DDG–51 Destroyer $53,966,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $19,498,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $83,686,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: LCAC $9,400,000; and (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/2019: TAO Fleet Oiler $15,449,000. S
EC. 8067. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for pur-poses of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. S
EC. 8068. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that cre-ates or initiates a new program, project, or ac-tivity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense com-mittees. S
EC. 8069. The budget of the President for fis-cal year 2020 submitted to the Congress pursu-ant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Oper-ation and Maintenance accounts, the Procure-ment accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency op-eration, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve compo-nent, and estimates of the major weapons sys-tems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as de-fined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two pre-ceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8070. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evalua-tion, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. S
EC. 8071. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, to reflect savings due to favor-able foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. S
EC. 8072. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $800,000,000 of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated sup-port services pursuant to section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Provided, That the Secretary of De-fense shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees promptly of all uses of this authority. SEC. 8073. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to re-duce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Recon-naissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non-hurricane season. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed dur-ing the conduct of authorized foreign intel-ligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections pro-vided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Ex-ecutive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8075. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program au-thority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8076. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall remain avail-able for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. S
EC. 8077. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appro-priation. S
EC. 8078. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to es-tablish the baseline for application of re-programming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall in-clude— (1) a table for each appropriation with a sepa-rate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, adjust-ments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special con-gressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is sub-mitted to the congressional intelligence commit-tees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intel-ligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency require-ment. S
EC. 8079. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restruc-ture, or realign Army Contracting Command— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5731 June 26, 2018 
New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey sites without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense com-mittees. S
EC. 8080. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for sup-port to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) of Title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accordance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8081. Any transfer of amounts appro-priated to, credited to, or deposited in the De-partment of Defense Acquisition Workforce De-velopment Fund in or for fiscal year 2019 to a military department or Defense Agency pursu-ant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, un-less such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogram-ming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such re-programming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security re-quirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative in-crease or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are no-tified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security requirements. S
EC. 8084. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future- years intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence pro-gram shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropria-tions made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8087. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of De-fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary informa-tion. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the con-tractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that re-quires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to re-solve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort re-lated to or arising out of sexual assault or har-assment, including assault and battery, inten-tional infliction of emotional distress, false im-prisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or inde-pendent contractor that mandates that the em-ployee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harass-ment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprison-ment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or reten-tion. (b) None of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the con-tractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or inde-pendent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a par-ticular contractor or subcontractor for the pur-poses of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary person-ally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term se-lected, and shall state any alternatives consid-ered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Con-gress, and simultaneously make public, any de-termination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or sub-contract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8090. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $113,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint De-partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written noti-fication by the Secretary of Defense to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a compo-nent thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8092. Appropriations available to the De-partment of Defense may be used for the pur-chase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limita-tions applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Direc-tor of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Di-rector may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Pro-vided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Pro-vided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority pro-vided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019. S
EC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5732 June 26, 2018 
any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effec-tive control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individ-ual’s country of origin, any other foreign coun-try, or any other foreign entity except in accord-ance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the mainte-nance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over east-ern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. S
EC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manu-facture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Sec-retary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, per-sonal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compen-sable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obli-gation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of pay-ments, if any, to be provided to civilians deter-mined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such fac-tors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) Local military commanders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is prop-er under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local com-mander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an an-nual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any rec-ommended modifications to the program. SEC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine re-furbishments, upgrades or maintenance activi-ties, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to re-duce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a search-able format. S
EC. 8103. The Secretary of each military de-partment, in reducing each research, develop-ment, test and evaluation and procurement ac-count of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduc-tion determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities under such account: Pro-vided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location out-side of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the cur-rent fiscal year due to insufficient funding. SEC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Secu-rity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic commu-nication of a United States person from a pro-vider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to im-plement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provi-sions of Acts providing supplemental appropria-tions for the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities author-ized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or in-dividuals unless the congressional defense com-mittees are notified in accordance with the di-rection contained in the classified annex accom-panying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Oper-ations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by ex-traordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. S
EC. 8109. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduc-tion of United States armed forces into hos-tilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where im-minent involvement in hostilities is clearly indi-cated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sec-tions 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8110. None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO Fleet Oiler program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components un-less those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equip-ment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby re-duced by $5,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5733 June 26, 2018 
SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gam-ing, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $117,642,000 under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, and up to $39,400,000 under the heading ‘‘Research, Devel-opment, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ to develop, replace, and sustain Federal Govern-ment security and suitability background inves-tigation information technology systems of the Office of Personnel Management or other Fed-eral agency responsible for conducting such in-vestigations: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these headings or into ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ using es-tablished reprogramming procedures prescribed in the Department of Defense Financial Man-agement Regulation 7000.14, Volume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. S
EC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8116. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or es-tablish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national de-fense, including intelligence activities. S
EC. 8117. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center established by sec-tion 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8118. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $270,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Sec-retary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of De-fense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Edu-cation, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand ele-mentary and secondary public schools on mili-tary installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this sec-tion a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the no-tice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installa-tions’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Provided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to ad-dress capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8119. In carrying out the program de-scribed in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Mem-bers’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memo-randum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. S
EC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, train-ing, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. S
EC. 8121. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. S
EC. 8122. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8123. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8124. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memo-randum of the Per Diem Travel and Transpor-tation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13 - Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. S
EC. 8125. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended to divest more than one E-8C aircraft unless the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that funds made available in this or any other Act have been obligated pursuant to the award of one or more contracts to continue the Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System recapitaliza-tion program. S
EC. 8126. None of the funds provided for, or otherwise made available, in this or any other Act, may be obligated or expended by the Sec-retary of Defense to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors, operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Sec-retary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equip-ment. S
EC. 8127. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act to the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of any military department may be used to enter into a contract for the acquisition of furnished energy for the new Rhine Ord-nance Barracks Army Medical Center until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees a written certification that— (1) the source of furnished energy for such Medical Center will minimize the use of fuels sourced from inside the Russian Federation; (2) the design of such Medical Center will uti-lize a diversified energy supply from a mixed- fuel system as the source of furnished energy to sustain mission critical operations during any sustained energy supply disruption caused by the Russian Federation; and (3) to the extent available, domestically- sourced fuels shall be the preferred source for furnished energy for such Medical Center. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Sec-retary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that a waiver of such sub-section is necessary to protect the national secu-rity interests of the United States. SEC. 8128. The Secretary of Defense may obli-gate and expend funds made available under this or any other Act for procurement or for re-search, development, test and evaluation for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to modify up to six F- 35 aircraft, including up to two F-35 aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, notify the con-gressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating and expending funds under this section. S
EC. 8129. Amounts appropriated for ″Defense Health Program″ in this Act and hereafter may be obligated to make death gratuity payments, as authorized in subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, if no appropriation for ″Military Personnel″ is available for obliga-tion for such payments: Provided, That such ob-ligations may subsequently be recorded against appropriations available for ″Military Per-sonnel.″ S
EC. 8130. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by the De-partment of Defense to migrate data and appli-cations to the proposed Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure or the Defense Enterprise Office Solutions cloud computing services until a pe-riod of 90 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees— (1) a proposed plan to establish a budget ac-counting system that provides transparency across the Department, including all military Services and Defense Agencies, for funds re-quested and expended for all cloud computing services procured by the Department and funds requested and expended to migrate to a cloud computing environment; and (2) a detailed description of the Department’s strategy to implement enterprise-wide cloud computing, including the goals and acquisition strategies for all proposed enterprise-wide cloud computing service procurements; the strategy to sustain competition and innovation throughout the period of performance of each contract, in-cluding defining opportunities for multiple cloud service providers and insertion of new technologies; and an assessment of potential threats and security vulnerabilities of the pro-posed cloud computing strategy, and plans to mitigate such risks. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Army’’, $2,929,154,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Navy’’, $385,461,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5734 June 26, 2018 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Marine Corps’’, $109,232,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Air Force’’, $964,508,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Army’’, $37,007,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Navy’’, $11,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,380,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Air Force’’, $21,076,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $195,283,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,460,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $18,125,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $4,757,155,000, of which up to $165,000,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ account : Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,121,900,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $9,258,674,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $8,183,902,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reimburse-ment payments under the preceding proviso may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may de-termine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determina-tion is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days fol-lowing notification to the appropriate congres-sional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such sup-plies and loaning such equipment on a non-re-imbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional commit-tees: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $850,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or fa-cilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security coopera-tion programs, including programs to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to con-flict areas resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this head-ing: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to in-crease or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $41,887,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $25,637,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,345,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $60,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $110,729,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,870,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $5,199,450,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, ren-ovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obli-gate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for addi-tional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associ-ated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assist-ance under this heading is in addition to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5735 June 26, 2018 
other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international or-ganization may be credited to this Fund, to re-main available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, de-lineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contribu-tions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, no-tify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in ex-cess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghani-stan or transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female secu-rity personnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
OUNTER -ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro-vided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, includ-ing training; equipment; logistics support, sup-plies, and services; stipends; infrastructure re-pair and renovation; and sustainment, to for-eign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to par-ticipate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associ-ated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas in-cluding Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and fol-lowing written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such ele-ments or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such ele-ments for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation ac-count, notify the congressional defense commit-tees in writing of the details of any such obliga-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance in-kind, from foreign gov-ernments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That con-tributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other en-tity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relat-ing to the acquisition of items and support serv-ices or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Sec-retary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Com-mittees on Appropriations and Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committees on Ap-propriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to se-curity forces, irregular forces, or groups partici-pating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, and such equipment may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to partici-pate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congres-sional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or indi-vidual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Army’’, $347,563,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $1,770,270,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,102,108,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $309,525,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Army’’, $1,364,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Navy’’, $232,119,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Pro-curement, Navy’’, $14,134,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $246,012,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Navy’’, $182,260,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $58,023,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $966,248,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $493,526,000, to remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5736 June 26, 2018 
available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,421,516,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Air Force’’, $3,665,336,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’, $572,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $300,604,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,812,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $301,876,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $410,544,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Work-ing Capital Funds’’, $15,190,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $352,068,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdic-tion and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense’’, $153,100,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,250,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority pro-vided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance, or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency oper-ations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Pro-vided, That, for the purpose of this section, su-pervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all in-house Government costs. S
EC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) pas-senger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehi-cles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emer-gency Response Program (CERP), for the pur-pose of enabling military commanders in Af-ghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, hu-manitarian relief and reconstruction require-ments within their areas of responsibility: Pro-vided, That each project (including any ancil-lary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds dur-ing that 6-month period that were made avail-able pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quar-terly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other pro-vision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agen-cy of the United States Government or a third- party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equip-ment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transpor-tation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces sup-porting military and stability operations in Af-ghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding sup-port provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the perma-nent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the perma-nent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. S
EC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the fol-lowing laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5737 June 26, 2018 
Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropria-tions to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mex-ico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a fi-nancial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the De-partment of Defense: Provided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any non-standard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Depart-ment of Defense must certify to the congres-sional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the pre-ceding proviso and accompanying report lan-guage for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an invest-ment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. S
EC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Co-operation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to sup-port the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assist-ance Initiative’’, $250,000,000 is hereby appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assist-ance, including training; equipment; lethal as-sistance; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts made avail-able in this section, $50,000,000 shall be available only for lethal assistance described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of section 1250(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat 1068): Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided fur-ther, That the United States may accept equip-ment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Ukraine and re-turned by such forces to the United States: Pro-vided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the mili-tary or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the con-gressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. S
EC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that the Govern-ment of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e- Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organiza-tions, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agen-cies are not intervening extra-judicially into po-litical and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear-re-lated material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism ef-forts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations ac-cess to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the re-striction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that it is in the na-tional security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver au-thority, the Secretaries shall report to the con-gressional defense committees on both the jus-tification for the waiver and on the require-ments of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $770,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the oper-ation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capa-bilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this sec-tion is in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 30 days prior to exer-cising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2019. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduc-tion of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting re-quirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 9019. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of additional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghanistan Na-tional Security Forces or the Afghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees of the Afghanistan Air Force’s medium airlift requirements. The report should identify Af-ghanistan’s ability to utilize and maintain exist-ing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to pro-vide additional support to the Afghanistan Air Force’s current medium airlift capacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9020. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the speci-fied amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Ma-rine Corps’’, 2017/2019, $2,216,000; ‘‘Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’, 2018/ 2019, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Coalition Support Fund’’, 2018/2019, $350,000,000. S
EC. 9021. Funds available for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund may be used to pro-vide limited training, equipment, and other as-sistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the security forces of Afghanistan only if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or significantly undermine United States national security objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all nec-essary corrective steps: Provided, That such cer-tification shall be accompanied by a report de-scribing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the provision of such assist-ance; (3) the Afghan security force unit in-volved; (4) the assistance provided and the as-sistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be sub-mitted detailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Af-ghanistan has not initiated necessary corrective steps within one year of the certification, the authority under this section to provide assist-ance to such unit shall no longer apply: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary shall submit a report to such committees detailing the final dis-position of the case by the Government of Af-ghanistan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5738 June 26, 2018 
SEC. 9022. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 10001. The amount by which the applica-ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115– 783, and pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 3 of House Resolu-tion 961. Each further amendment printed in part A of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 3 of House Resolution 961, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, let me first thank Chair-woman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY and the staff for shep-herding this legislation. My amendment provides flexibility for the Secretary of Defense to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, and nar-cotics trafficking, to ameliorate their impact on women and girls across the globe. More and more, we are seeing that, in the countries where terror is per-petrated, more women are being al-lowed to be part of their military. We know of the growing leadership of women in our military, rising in re-sponsibility and rank throughout all of the services. As a member of the Afghan task force, which I co-chaired for a number of years, I have seen women leadership dealing with peace around the world. The purpose of my amendment is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexi-bility to work with military women in the United States, for them to interact with military women face-to-face, one- on-one, as they work to develop secu-rity measures that, in particular, will protect women and girls. Women and girls are more subject to human trafficking. They are more sub-ject to being victims of narcotics traf-ficking. They are more subject to being victims of war and terrorism as they try to protect their families. I remember, in the early stages of the Afghan war and after the attempt with the new President to begin to write a constitution in Afghanistan, one of the issues was to elect more women at that time. b1700 We did do that. I met those women who were in the Afghan Government. But, tragically, in the period of time that we left to go to Iraq, many of those women were killed as they went to their home districts. So the idea of protecting women through women who are in the mili-tary, or to develop strategies, is very important. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to foster peace and relationships and the interaction between women here in the United States, with their expertise, and women who are now rising in var-ious militaries in countries where ter-rorism is raging, to be able to help those women as well. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe and for their work in ensuring that they have resources needed to keep our Armed Forces the greatest fighting force for peace on earth. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward and affirms an example of the national goodness that makes America the most exceptional nation on earth. The purpose of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to allocate resources needed to pro-vide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, ter-rorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking. Mr. Chairman, the United States is com-mitted to combating violent extremism, pro-tecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of terrorism. The United States Armed Forces possess an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons, especially women, girls, and the elderly. But we must recognize that notwithstanding our extraordinary technical military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geo-graphic limitations or norms of morality and decency. Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, ISIS/ ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit al-Maqdis in the Sinai Pe-ninsula which poses a threat to Egypt. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 help provide the Department of Defense with the resources needed to provide technical assistance to countries on innovative strategies to provide defense technologies and resources that pro-mote the security of the American people and allied nation states. Terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics traf-ficking and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse im-pact on us all. According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture and human trafficking by terrorist and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting over twenty thousand women and girls. Looking at the history of terrorism highlights the importance of providing technical assist-ance through our military might, as this en-ables us to combat terrorism which now can plague us here in the United States. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 will help curb terrorism abroad by making available American technical military expertise to mili-tary in other countries, like Nigeria, who are combating violent jihadists in their country and to keep those terrorists out of our country. Time and again American lives have been lost at the hands of terrorists. These victims include Christians, Muslims, journalists, health care providers, relief work-ers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplo-matic corps and the Armed Services. This is why the technical assistance offered by our military personnel is integral to pro-moting security operation of intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance aircraft for mis-sions to empower local forces to combat ter-rorism. Terrorists across the globe have wreaked havoc on our society and cannot not be toler-ated or ignored, for their actions pose a threat to our national security and the security of the world. Mr. Chairman, from the United States to Af-rica to Europe to Asia and the Middle East, it is clear that combating terrorism remains one of highest national priorities. Collectively, helping our neighbors and their military build capacity to combat terrorism, eradicate human trafficking, stop narcotics trafficking and negate their impact on women and girls across the globe serves our national interest. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.044 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5739 June 26, 2018 
There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman’s concerns. It is important to discuss these impor-tant issues. I will continue to work with the gentlewoman and the depart-ment to ensure that these issues are addressed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her under-standing and graciousness, as well as I thank the ranking member. This is something I have worked on over the years. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to emphasize that terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics traf-ficking, and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse impact on us all. According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture, and human trafficking by ter-rorists and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting more than 20,000 women and girls. I am sure that number has grown. We are all well aware of the Chibok girls taken in Nigeria as victims of Boko Haram. I am grateful for this amendment because the victims have included Christians, Muslims, journal-ists, healthcare providers, relief work-ers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplomatic corps and the armed serv-ices. Working with our women in the United States military and our efforts with strategy will be an effective tool in helping women across the world. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, increasing funding for arthritis research within the Depart-ment of Defense is an issue that de-serves and warrants our attention. Military servicemembers and veterans live with arthritis at significantly higher rates than civilians. A recent study found that service-members aged 20 to 24 had osteo-arthritis at a 26 percent higher rate than their civilian counterparts. In the same study, servicemembers over 40 are twice as likely to develop osteo-arthritis after returning to civilian life. Arthritis affects one in three vet-erans and is the second leading cause of medical discharges. The corresponding healthcare and disability compensation costs are ulti-mately borne by the taxpayer. But by increasing research funding, we could help identify ways to reduce the risk and help prevent the development of arthritis in our military training and service. As co-chairman of the Arthritis Cau-cus with ANNAESHOO , I have been en-gaged with the Arthritis Foundation, the American College of Rheumatology, and other organiza-tions on this important issue. We are asking Chairwoman G
RANGER to com-mit to working with us to ensure that arthritis research receives the funding it deserves. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern to provide ade-quate funding for arthritis research. I am a strong supporter of funding in this area. Each year, Congress provides funding for medical research through the De-fense Health Program. Arthritis re-search previously has received millions of dollars in research grants. I do appreciate his interest and en-gagement on behalf of our warfighters. I agree to work with the gentleman from West Virginia on this important topic. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from West Virginia. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her consid-eration on this important issue, and I look forward to working with her as we move forward. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 7, line 6, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,600,000)’’. Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount inset the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase STARBASE program funding by $5 million for fis-cal year 2019, for a total of $35 million. STARBASE is currently active in 33 States and Puerto Rico at a total of 66 locations. It engages local fifth grade elementary students by exposing them to STEM subjects through a hands-on curriculum. The program is carried out by the military services because the Department of Defense has identified a shortage of young adults graduating from the hard sciences. Many students in the program have no prior exposure to real-world STEM opportunities or military services. STARBASE strengthens ties between the military and their communities, and promotes strong STEM skills in the next generation of young people. Not only do students enjoy the STEM program, the program works. In 2017, for example, knowledge scores of chem-istry, engineering, math, physics, and technology increased by almost 30 per-cent for all students. It consistently improves favorability scores of math and science. Students were 8.28 percent more likely to say that they liked engineering, for exam-ple. Again, I repeat: the program works. It is one of the most cost-effective programs across the Federal Govern-ment, costing only $328 per student. We had 2,952 classes in 2017, serving 1,381 schools. Since its inception, STARBASE has served approximately 1,110,590 students from 40 States. With these additional resources, STARBASE hopes to expand to Patrick Air Force Base in Florida; the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs; as well as Anchorage, Alaska; Nashville, Tennessee; and many other sites across the country that have asked for this program. Mr. Chairman, this is very impor-tant. I, along with my colleague Rep-resentative COLE, urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the STARBASE program supports pro-grams to improve the interests and skills of students in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics. Military volunteers engage students through experimental learning, and the program has a proven record of success. As a result, the committee provided an additional $30 million in the bill for the STARBASE program. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . 
NAPOLITANO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.090 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5740 June 26, 2018 
The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I congratulate Chairwoman G
RANGER  and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for this great bill. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment, which increases the funding for the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program by a mere $6 million to match the program’s 2018 funding of $180 million. This increase in funding is made possible by reducing the operations and maintenance de-fense-wide account by the same amount. An increase in funding would allow the Department of Defense to continue three Job ChalleNGe programs in Geor-gia, Michigan, and South Carolina that were previously funded through a De-partment of Labor grant that is cur-rently ending. It will also help start new pilot Job ChalleNGe programs in Alaska, California, Louisiana, and West Virginia that have demonstrated initiatives in combining education cre-dentials with job training courses. The Job ChalleNGe program acts as a post-residential program for Youth ChalleNGe graduates to gain job skills and/or apprenticeship training. For States that cannot expand or open another program at this time, the funding would allow them to focus on the next step for their graduated ca-dets. It would also help prepare them with essential skills to go join the workforce after completion of both the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Pro-gram and the Job ChalleNGe program. The Youth ChalleNGe program has graduated more than 150,000 of our Na-tion’s high school dropouts. The vol-untary 22
1⁄2week program is directed at 16- to 18-year-old youth, and comes at no cost to them or their families. It is led by National Guard cadre who help enhance the cadets’ life, physical, and education skills, and they assist them in obtaining their high school di-plomas or GEDs. The program has grown from 10 to 40 programs nation-wide since 1993. A 2012 RAND study found that every dollar spent on the program results in a return of $2.66. This further shows that the program has distinguished itself as the most effective and cost-ef-ficient youth intervention program for the lives of troubled, at-risk young men and women. The program is supported by the Youth ChalleNGe Caucus here in Con-gress. With my co-chair, Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY, the caucus provides a forum for Members of Congress and their staffs to learn more about the program and work toward solutions to address the epidemic of dropping out of high school. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. MCKIN-
LEY, my partner, for working with my office on this amendment and for being its cosponsor. I urge Members to sup-port this amendment, which would pro-vide at-risk youth with a second chance, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Pro-gram is a youth development program that works to improve the life skills and employment potential of our youth through military base training and su-pervised work experience. Like my col-league, I support this important pro-gram. This is why the bill includes $175 mil-lion to support the program. An addi-tional $6 million will allow the pro-gram to have a similar budget to the FY18 level. Mr. Chairman, I support the gentle-woman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. N
APOLI -
TANO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000) (increased by $250,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. b1715 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment along with Congress-man E
MMER of Minnesota, and I want to thank him for his continued support on this issue. Our amendment would provide $250,000 to initiate the creation and dis-tribution of the Atomic Veterans Serv-ice Medal. Last fall, an amendment to create this medal was dropped from the NDAA conference report. I find that shocking, as this amendment, which I offered along with Mr. E
MMER , was approved by the House unanimously by a vote of 424–0. Last month the House once again voted to include the Atomic Veterans Service Medal in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA. I respectfully ask my col-leagues that we now provide the nec-essary funding to honor these veterans and initiate the process to provide them with this service medal. Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces partici-pated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were consistently exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation. They were sworn to se-crecy, unable to even talk to their doc-tors about their past exposure to radi-ation. Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the atomic vet-erans’ valiant service and acted to pro-vide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. In 2007, our allies, Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia, authorized their versions of this medal to honor their atomic veterans who served with the United States. Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring our atomic vet-erans, arguing that doing so would di-minish the service of other military personnel who were tasked with dan-gerous missions. Well, I find that a pitiful excuse. Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already passed away, never having received this rec-ognition. They served honorably and kept a code of silence that most cer-tainly led to many of them passing away prematurely. Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier issues of legality and compensation. What re-mains is recognizing these veterans’ duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. And time is running out. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the McGovern-Emmer bipar-tisan amendment on atomic veterans, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I share the gentleman’s support of the vet-erans who bravely served our country and were exposed to radiation during nuclear weapons tests. Military com-manders have numerous personal mili-tary declarations, such as meritorious service medals, commendation medals, and achievement medals available to appropriately recognize members for their specific actions or sustained mer-itorious service. However, recognizing these individuals for their sacrifice is a very good idea; therefore, I support the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentle-woman yield? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.093 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5741 June 26, 2018 
Ms. GRANGER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment and thank him very much for offering it. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the McGovern/Emmer Amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Throughout my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with many of our na-tion’s veterans. The men and women in our armed forces are heroes and embody the best our nation has to offer. Yet, far too often they do not receive the recognition and credit they deserve. This is especially true when it comes to our nation’s Atomic Veterans. From 1945 to 1962, nearly a quarter of a million servicemen played a role in the testing of nuclear weapons, earning them the title of ‘‘Atomic Veterans’’. They risked their lives and were forced to suffer in silence without proper recognition for their service and bravery. Since 1990, the federal government has taken different steps to recognize and thank these Atomic Vets, but all have fallen short of official recognition through an award or medal. Today, that can change with the support from the men and women in this Congress. With this amendment, we have an oppor-tunity to finally acknowledge the incredible sacrifice these courageous individuals made more than a half century ago. Our amendment builds upon the authorizing language which has been unanimously adopt-ed by the House of Representatives in every National Defense Authorization Act for the past three years. That language requires the Department of Defense to issue a service medal to the vet-erans or surviving families of those members of our Armed Forces who participated in above-ground nuclear weapons testing; were part of the U.S. military occupation forces in or around Hiroshima and Nagasaki before 1946; or were held as POWs in or near Hiroshima or Nagasaki. Our amendment today would provide $250,000 for the Department of Defense to begin the process of creating this award so we can honor the individuals who have served their country. These veterans left their homes, left their families, and put their lives on the line to pro-tect the freedoms and liberties we enjoy each and every day. Unfortunately, this recognition may come too late for many of our Atomic Vets, but it is our job to ensure these brave soldiers get the recognition they deserve. Again, I’d like to thank Congressman M
CGOVERN and his staff for his efforts on this issue, as well as Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their hard work on the underlying bill. I urge adoption of this amendment. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALBERG ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 29, 2018, THROUGH JULY 9, 2018 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–785) on the resolution (H. Res. 964) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6157) making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 200, STRENGTHENING FISH-ING COMMUNITIES AND IN-CREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISH-ERIES MANAGEMENT ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–786) on the resolution (H. Res. 965) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) kindly resume the chair. b1721 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amend-ment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–783 offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ALLEN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, first I would like to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER for her leadership and hard work on this critical legislation. Voting for the annual Department of Defense Appropriations Act is one of the most important votes I take each year, and the great bipartisan work that the chairwoman and the ranking member have done to ensure that our military is fully funded is truly com-mendable. I rise today to talk about the Allen- Raskin amendment to H.R. 6157. This bipartisan amendment allocates $10 million to the defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency to assist in identifying unclaimed remains missing since the Korean conflict. As of today, there are almost 7,700 total personnel missing and unac-counted for since the Korean conflict. One of those still unaccounted for is Private First Class Ivan Roberts, a proud native of Georgia’s 12th Congres-sional District. On November 5, 1951, Private First Class Roberts and three other men from Alpha Company 5th Calvary Regi-ment went missing during an attack to secure a Korean hill complex. Although I never had the opportunity to meet Private First Class Roberts, I was able to meet his family and loved ones at a recent memorial ceremony in his honor, and I know that he was a be-loved hero and patriot whose family wants peace and closure. As you may know, in the recent his-toric summit between President Trump and North Korea’s Kim Jong-un, Presi-dent Trump asked North Korea to re-turn the remains of U.S. servicemem-bers lost in the Korean war, and Kim Jong-un agreed. There are currently over 200 missing servicemembers in the process of being returned to the United States. My colleague and I want to ensure that the defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency has the resources it needs to identify the remains and carry out this important mission so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.097 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5742 June 26, 2018 
that families can finally find an eter-nal resting place for their loved ones. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Maryland, Congressman J
AMIE RASKIN , for joining me in introducing this im-portant amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support the Allen-Raskin amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the de-fense POW/MIA Accounting Office per-forms tireless work to track, locate, and recover our fallen heroes, and I thank them for their continued efforts. Like my colleague, I support this im-portant program. That is why the bill includes $10 million above the budget request to accelerate efforts to return our fallen heroes home where they be-long. An additional $10 million will allow the program to continue to be success-ful; therefore, I support the gentle-man’s amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, again, I would like to thank the chairwoman and ranking member for their work on the Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act and for approving an addi-tional $10 million above the President’s budget request to adequately fund this important mission. It is important to note that this amendment is offset by reducing other accounts. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of the Allen-Raskin amendment to ensure that the Defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency has the resources it needs to identify remains since the Korean conflict. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $65,000,000)’’. Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $65,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 961, the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the underlying leg-islation, H.R. 6157, the Defense Appro-priations Act for fiscal year 2019, and I appreciate the chairwoman’s hard work on this issue and her support for our troops. My amendment is about the A–10 Warthog. Three years ago, when I first came to Congress, I began to fight against the Obama administration and their plan to mothball the entire A–10 Warthog fleet. This is an airplane I flew and commanded in combat. I know a little bit about it. We won that fight. Since then, the A–10 has been pivotal in schwacking ISIS and bolstering Eu-ropean defenses, being ready south of the DMZ, and it has now been sent back to Afghanistan. Just recently, I visited the 25th Fighter Squadron in Korea, which con-tinues to serve on the front lines just south of the DMZ. From close air support to combat search and rescue, the Warthog con-tinues to do the heavy lifting in saving lives wherever it is called. Now our fight is to ensure that we minimize any operational impact on the A–10 fleet as it carries out these vital missions. Of the 281 A–10s in the fleet, 109 of them still need new wing sets in order to remain in the air and to fight. I fought for and got funding in the fiscal year 2018 bill to start this re-winging again, and we are glad to see the Air Force has chosen to include additional funding in this year’s base request to continue the re-winging. In fact, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson told the House Armed Services Committee publicly for the first time in March, the Air Force ‘‘expects the A–10 to continue flying until at least 2030.’’ Now that we are all on the same page, we can’t afford to lose the A–10’s critical capabilities. We must move as quickly as possible to re-wing the rest of the fleet in order to mitigate im-pacts to current operations. That is why the House and Senate NDAA bills both authorized an addi-tional $65 million above the requested amount currently included in this ap-propriations bill, for a total of $144 mil-lion for the A–10 re-winging in fiscal year 2019. If we only appropriate the base re-quest currently included in the bill, we will only secure enough funding to re- wing somewhere between 12 and 16 air-craft. At that rate, it will just take too long to re-wing the remaining 109 A– 10s. It is just not fast enough. These missions are happening now. We are literally flying the wings off of these airplanes today, and our enemies won’t wait. We must accelerate the A–10 re-wing to ensure that we maintain these crit-ical missions and capabilities for our troops. My amendment simply funds the A–10 wing replacement program to the fully authorized House and Senate NDAA level by adding an additional $65 million above the request. Mr. Chair, I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Without objection, the gen-tlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would add to the $120 mil-lion for A–10 wings that has already been provided, as well as the $79 mil-lion included in the Air Force budget request. The Air Force has indicated to us that the additional funding in this amendment can be executed upon con-tract award, which is expected by the middle of 2019. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I want to say I just appreciate the chair-woman’s support for this amendment and for the critical missions of the A– 10. I would ask everyone to please sup-port this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 31, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Quan-tum Information Science program within the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army account by $5 million, and decrease the operation and maintenance defense-wide fund by an equal amount. This amendment is intended to in-crease funding for innovative research projects within the Army’s Quantum Information Science program, QIS. This program sits at the intersection of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.099 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5743 June 26, 2018 
quantum, material, computer, and en-gineering sciences with the potential to revolutionize multiple technologies for the Army, Department of Defense, and the country as a whole. These funds will allow the United States to maintain its vital leadership and quantum science. The importance of quantum science to our national se-curity cannot be understated. The na-tion that first develops quantum com-munications technology will be able to completely secure networks and pos-sess powerful decoding capabilities. Recognizing the promise of this groundbreaking technology, China has publicly stated its goal of surpassing the U.S. in quantum computing in the next decade and has invested $10 billion to construct a state-of-the-art quan-tum research facility. Investing in quantum information science will help the U.S. preserve itself as a global leader in the 21st cen-tury. The U.S. must preserve its global leadership in science and technology, and this amendment is a step in the right direction. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not op-pose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his attempt to highlight the importance of this crit-ical research requirement. The Army is responsible for studying how a quantum network may provide enhanced capabilities for command and control and intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance applications. This funding will help those efforts. I appreciate the gentleman’s con-cerns, and I accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $33,000,000)’’. Page 31, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to, first of all, thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order, as well as Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their hard work on this very important bill. Mr. Chairman, I offered this bipar-tisan amendment with my good friend and colleague, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , in sup-port of the electromagnetic railgun, a technology that has been described as ‘‘revolutionary’’ and a potential multi-mission ‘‘game changer’’ for long-range land-attack, ballistic missile and cruise missile defense, and antisurface warfare. In brief, this weapon system uses magnetic fields to launch a guided pro-jectile with sufficient kinetic energy to travel significantly farther than con-ventional explosive propellants. Railguns also have more lethality at range than traditional gunfire. They are considerably more cost ef-fective. Whereas low-cost kinetic de-fenses run around $400,000 per round, surface-to-air interceptors and guided hypervelocity projectiles can cost less than 10 percent as much. Mr. Chairman, these technologies have matured to a point where they can provide military capabilities for the warfighter now for Army, Marine Corps, and Navy applications, address-ing critical gaps in U.S. air defense against growing threats from peer and near peer competitors. Mr. Chairman, we must recognize that the best mix of air and missile de-fense will consist of complementary ki-netic and nonkinetic weapon systems, enhancing our capability to defeat larger salvos of air and missile threats. So railgun has already demonstrated the capability to launch projectiles at higher velocity than conventional naval guns, which provides extended range, improved response time, and en-hanced lethality. Appropriating the transition funding for these efforts will sincerely help in achieving these objec-tives for both our ground and naval forces. For the last several years, this amendment has been passed out of the House with bipartisan support in order to give the Department the appropriate resources to continue development and integration of this extremely prom-ising technology. I hope the House will do the same this year. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s amendment. I agree with everything he has said rel-ative to the value of the program. But I would point out to my col-leagues that, in our bill, we include $145 million for directed energy and railgun weapon efforts; and this is an increase of $25 million over last year’s level, 2018, of $120 million. I would congratulate the gentleman that this time last year he had an amendment on the floor that was suc-cessful in adding $24 million to that program, bringing it up to $120 million. However, we are 8 months into the fis-cal year and, to date, the Department has only spent about 20 percent of that money, that is, $24 million. I would also, again, point out, in the underlying bill, we have increased that $120 million to $145 million, so we do, as a committee, understand the poten-tial of the program. However, I think it is not good policy to continue to increase funding for the program without allowing the services time to adequately research and learn from their past investments. Why should we continue to add more fund-ing before the prior year’s funding can even be spent or reasonably assessed as far as progress being made? Therefore, with all due respect to the gentleman, I must oppose his amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s input, but I will remind the gentleman that significant progress has been made on directed en-ergy as well. And although the gen-tleman raises the point that there are additional funds for directed energy and, potentially, for railguns does not guarantee that the funds are going to be used for railgun itself. Right now, the Army, Navy, and Air Force have made significant progress in directed energy capabilities that have been under R&D in the labs for years and are at the point where they are ready to mature and be deployed in the hands of the warfighter. What this amendment ensures is that the funds actually will go to railgun and see that technology, as well, ma-ture so we can more quickly get it into the hands of the warfighter, whether it is for the Navy or for the Army. I would also mention to the gen-tleman, point out, that our adversaries are not standing still on this tech-nology. China is, in fact, fielding an electromagnetic railgun as we speak, and the United States, in my opinion, could be falling behind in that tech-nology. So while I appreciate the gentleman’s input, I strongly disagree, and I hope that my colleagues will join with me in supporting the amendment, enhancing support for electromagnetic railgun so that America continues to lead in this vital technology. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I understand I have the right to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.104 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5744 June 26, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is correct. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I would remind my colleagues this is a bipartisan amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, again, I would agree with the gentleman as far as the progress our adversaries are making, our shared concern about making sure we make progress. But, again, I would point out there remains, in fiscal year 2018, $96 million of unob-ligated moneys. There is a recognition by the com-mittee of the value of proceeding with this in a deliberate fashion, which is why we added another $25 million over the existing level, for a balance of 145 million additional dollars. We believe, at this point, that is enough, which is why I do respectfully object and oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this amendment to provide $30 million for DOD’s MD5, the National Security Technology Ac-celerator, within the Office of Manu-facturing and Industrial Base Policy. The 2018 NDAA authorized support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial education programs, including MD5. MD5 aims to educate and build a net-work of innovators and entrepreneurs equipped with the expertise to success-fully develop, commercialize, and apply DOD technology. It is a way of bring-ing American ingenuity and ingenuity and entrepreneurship from Silicon Val-ley to problems faced by the DOD. MD5 initiatives educate veterans and other students in technology innova-tion and entrepreneurship and provide a unique pathway for veterans to lever-age their expertise while learning cut-ting-edge business innovation method-ology. The program also increases postmilitary opportunities for service-members and helps them apply their knowledge to new national security problems. Through MD5, DOD is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs who are adept at creative problem solving and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. Passage of this amendment would mean a $5 million increase from MD5 fiscal year 2017 and 2018 levels. The funding increase would enable them to scale up their entrepreneurial edu-cation programs, including the highly successful program Hacking for De-fense, otherwise known as H4D. b1745 H4D is a course currently taught at 11 universities across the country, with many more in the process of coming onboard. It pairs student teams with problem sponsors from across the DOD and intelligence community to apply Lean Startup methodology developed in Silicon Valley to rapidly solve chal-lenging, nonclassified national security problems. Of the 205 students across the Nation who have already been through Hack-ing for Defense classes, 66 percent plan to continue working on their problems after the course is over. Nine compa-nies have been formed by H4D alumni, and six of them have received DOD or private equity funding to continue working on their projects. That is, the DOD and/or private eq-uity have found their attempts at solu-tions for these critical national secu-rity problems potentially to be viable. H4D not only delivers American inno-vation to problems that the DOD is fac-ing, but also inspires smart young innovators, some of whom were Active Duty servicemembers or veterans, to apply their talents to solving national security problems. These experiences serving their coun-try and boosting our national security will influence them for the rest of their careers, as well as greatly benefit the country. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge sup-port for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the department supports this program and will request funds for it in the future budget request. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for accepting this amendment. I thank her very much for her work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I also thank the rank-ing member for his work on this. I ap-preciate it. This is a great opportunity with this amendment to make a small investment to support a program that will strengthen our national security and the next generation of problem- solvers for the DOD, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 11 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment would increase funding for the Peer-Reviewed Gulf War Illness Re-search Program under the Defense Health Program by $1 million and de-crease the operation and maintenance defense-wide account by an equal amount. This amendment is similar to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. This amendment is intended to in-crease funding for innovative, competi-tively peer-reviewed research to pro-vide a better understanding of the pathobiology underlying Gulf war ill-ness, to identify objective markers for improved diagnosis, and to develop treatments for the complex of Gulf war illness symptoms and their underlying causes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.106 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5745 June 26, 2018 
Gulf war illness is estimated to have affected between 175,000 to 250,000 of the nearly 700,000 troops deployed to the first Gulf war. This program is working to make a significant impact on Gulf war illness and to improve the health and lives of affected veterans and their families. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to help find a cure for Gulf war illness, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s desire to pro-vide additional funding to research ill-nesses that affect veterans of the Gulf war. The committee is committed to en-suring that our servicemembers, their families, and veterans receive the high-est level of medical care possible. The committee already provides $21 million toward Gulf war illness re-search in the bill. Research includes a close look at how service in the Gulf war is linked to illnesses such as chronic fatigue, severe muscle pain, persistent headaches, and others. Mr. Chairman, I would be pleased to accept the gentleman’s amendment to provide additional funding in this area, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Florida and have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the amendment before the House increases funding for the Peer Reviewed Breast Cancer Research Program by $5 mil-lion. Our colleague Mr. HASTINGS has worked closely with Mr. M
CGOVERN of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, as well as Mr. K
INGof New York, each of whom have cosponsored this bipartisan amendment. The need to fund research in order to prevent, treat, and cure breast cancer is vital to both save American lives and also to address important eco-nomic and healthcare costs, and I would ask my colleagues to adopt the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his concern for our servicemen and -women. The bill already includes $130 million for the Peer Reviewed Breast Cancer Re-search Program. Funding for this important program is designed to end breast cancer by funding innovative, high-impact re-search through a partnership of sci-entists and consumers. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gen-tleman’s concern. I accept his amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 17 will not be offered. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 18 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 19 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M ITCHELL ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part A of House Re-port 115–783. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 122, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000,000)’’. Page 154, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $200,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, Pakistan continues to be an unreliable partner in the fight against terrorism. For two decades, we have hoped that Pakistan would clear the terrorist safe havens along the Afghan border and end its support for terrorist groups with American blood on their hands. We have paid them $30 billion to do this over the past 16 years, but Paki-stan still has proven it is not serious about combating terrorism outside its borders. Despite our efforts, such groups as the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, and al-Qaida continue to survive because their leaders live in Pakistan. Pakistan accepts no responsibility for terrorists in Pakistan. Instead, it condemns us for pursuing terrorists living on its soil. Pakistan does fight terrorist groups that threaten Pakistan, but does not fight those groups that attack its neighbors. In many cases, it actually supports those groups. The group behind the 2008 Mumbai attacks known as LeT received support and instruction by Pakistani intel-ligence. Pakistan extremist views are com-mon in the nation. Pakistan actually holds multiple centers of indoctrina-tion that radicalize Pakistani youth by the thousands. One of these centers has so many ter-rorist graduates that it has earned the name the University of Jihad. So Paki-stan is not just supporting terrorists; it creates terrorists. The fact that we call Pakistan a major non-NATO ally boggles the mind. This is nonsense. Pakistani sponsorship of terrorism goes back for decades. It has proven a safe haven and supported the Haqqani Network since the 1980s, allowing the group to become one of the largest kill-ers of U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan. It has supported terrorist groups of all stripes, including in Kashmir in its proxy war with India since 1990. Begin-ning in the 1990s, Pakistan reportedly provided training, intelligence, and material support to the Afghan Taliban. Pakistani nuclear scientists even met with senior al-Qaida leaders in 1998 to discuss nuclear technology. b1800 After 9/11, Osama bin Laden and his men fled, guess where. To Pakistan, where he was eventually killed 10 years later by the Americans. Pakistan has moved quickly to re-vive the Taliban after its defeat and has facilitated arms purchases for al- Qaida. Mr. Chair, Pakistan’s behavior has never changed. Just a few weeks ago, the new com-mander of the coalition forces in Af-ghanistan told Congress, my com-mittee, that Pakistan is the biggest ob-stacle to stabilizing Afghanistan, and the U.N. Ambassador from Afghanistan told the U.N. that the problem in Af-ghanistan is Pakistan. We have fooled ourselves into think-ing Pakistan is a partner. We poured billions of dollars into Pakistan hoping and praying they will change, but they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.112 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5746 June 26, 2018 
have not. We are continuing to pay them for bad behavior. That is why I have introduced amendment No. 20 to the underlying bill, to cut $200 million of coalition support that we give Pakistan. If it were up to me, I would cut all $700 mil-lion, but $200 million is a good first step. We should not pay Pakistan to be-tray us, Mr. Chair. They will do it for free. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would certainly agree with the assertion of the gentleman who offered the amend-ment that the relationship our country has with Pakistan has been difficult, but I am opposed to the amendment be-cause maintaining a relationship, no matter how difficult, is essential. The relationship has helped the U.S. make progress against terrorism, as difficult as that road has been, and the Paki-stanis have allocated part of their forces within their own borders to this mission. Very importantly for our colleagues, I would point out that our bill recog-nizes the difficulties we face with Paki-stan. Section 9016 prohibits the funds to Pakistan if our government believes the government is engaged in unfair activities. Section 9016 requires that the Sec-retary of Defense, prior to obligating any funds, certify that the Government of Pakistan is: Cooperating on counterterrorism ef-forts; Not supporting terrorist activities against the U.S. or coalition forces in Afghanistan; Not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Paki-stan; Dismantling IED networks; Preventing the proliferation of nu-clear-related materials and expertise; Implementing policies to protect ju-dicial independence and due process of law; Issuing visas in a timely manner for U.S. visitors engaged in counterterror-ism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and Providing humanitarian organiza-tions access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. A complete withdrawal of U.S. assist-ance would likely polarize Pakistan and exacerbate significant pro-and anti-American rifts within the military and their government generally. Aggravating this divide would be counterproductive, I believe, to the ob-jectives of our Nation in that region of the world. In addition to counterterror-ism activities, the fact of Pakistan’s nuclear weapons capability provides ample reason for our country to con-tinue a positive engagement. Again, as difficult as it has been, this amendment is an overly broad reaction to what is a legitimate concern. The bill addresses the issue in a thoughtful and deliberate way. We should not be taking any strident approach, and I would ask my col-leagues to reject this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I understand that I have the right to close. The Acting CHAIR. That is correct. Mr. VISCLOSKY. How much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 1
1⁄4min-utes remaining. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ), chairwoman of the com-mittee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I share the gentleman’s concern and oppose the amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I come down here every year on this type of amendment. When I came to Congress 14 years ago, I went to Afghanistan and I went to Iraq. I visited with our troops. Since that time, I have on my wall 40 Ameri-cans of all races and most branches who have been killed in Afghanistan or Iraq. When I was there in Afghanistan, I was down on the border with our troops and the British troops. They are on the border to protect Afghanistan from the terrorists coming in from Pakistan. I don’t understand why we continue to pay Pakistan money. This legislation doesn’t cut the whole fund. It cuts $200 million of the $700 million fund to get the attention of the Pakistanis so that they can’t keep playing it. I am sure the Pakistanis are glad that I am leaving Congress. I won’t be back here next year to offer this amendment. But really, I have great respect for the chairwoman and the ranking mem-ber on this issue, but I think that we should not pay Pakistan to continue to hate us because they will do it for free. I think we should do it to protect our troops that are on the border of Af-ghanistan and Pakistan. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I understand my good friend’s challenges and his frustration, but I recognize that the area of which he is speaking, which I have been to as well, is a fron-tier area. That is an area where terror-ists can be harbored. But the Pakistani military has, over the years, been fighting against ter-rorism. Pakistanis in Pakistan have, themselves, suffered at the hands of terrorists. And if we take this amount of money, the engagement and partner-ship that we have, the response to the United States that is important, the collaboration with the forces in Af-ghanistan will be diminished. The Pakistani military has shed blood, has lost treasure in the fight against terrorism. There are, of course, important improvements that they can make, and I believe the funding has the kind of guidelines and structures to do so to protect the Pakistani people against terrorism as well. They want to live in peace. So I would just say that it is impor-tant that we keep the engagement and the dialogue as well as involvement of the Pakistani military in fighting ter-rorism, and these resources are nec-essary for it to do so. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I would simply acknowledge the serious-ness in which the gentleman from Texas has offered his amendment, the concern we share, which, again, I be-lieve is recognized in section 9016 of the bill. Mr. Chair, I ask our colleagues to op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. POE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 21 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentle-woman from Wisconsin, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) Executive Order 13175 (65 Fed. Reg. 67249; relating to consultation and coordina-tion with Indian Tribal governments); or (2) section 1501.2(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.117 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5747 June 26, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the amendment before the House would bar the use of funds in contravention of ex-isting Federal requirements for mean-ingful consultation and coordination with Tribal communities related to the activities that would impact them. I do believe this is a good amendment and ask my colleagues to accept it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the amendment reaffirms the requirement that the Department of Defense have proper consultation in coordination with Native American Tribes. This amendment is good government, which is supported by current law and several requirements in the National Defense Authorization Act. I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
MARYLAND  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chair-man, I rise before you today to offer my amendment No. 24 to the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to transfer the in-formation technology contracting and acqui-sition services or the Senior Leader Commu-nications functions of the Defense Informa-tion Systems Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chair-man, in the proposed NDAA, the chief managing officer of the Department of Defense is to develop a plan no later than March 1, 2020, to transition cer-tain functions and services from the Defense Information Systems Agency, or DISA, to other elements of the DOD. My amendment on which I worked closely with my friend and colleague from Maryland, Congressman R
UPPERS -BERGER , prevents funds from executing this change. In fact, the administration has objected to this change in the NDAA because it would ‘‘weaken the Department’s ability to secure its cyber networks and inhibit DISA’s mis-sion to provide seamless communica-tion to warfighters and senior leaders.’’ While our men and women, Mr. Chairman, in uniform focus on defend-ing our values abroad, DISA is con-stantly managing the information net-work that supports our entire defense apparatus and fighting for American interests on the global stage. DISA’s primary mission is to secure our network infrastructure for our warfighters and intelligence and secu-rity agencies. The question regarding DISA’s fate has never been asked or an-swered by this Congress nor the Pen-tagon. While I commend the effort to find efficiencies within the Department of Defense, it remains unclear what would happen to DISA’s missions and func-tions if the measures in the NDAA were executed. According to retired Lieutenant Gen-eral Harry Raduege, who served as DISA Director from 2000 to 2005, he said: ‘‘We have looked at reorganizing DISA in the past, disestablishing it, but the missions are going to have to be performed somewhere.’’ DISA is an agency where numerous other functions from other agencies have been folded in over time, and the operations include global missions, such as commercial satellite commu-nications, leasing for all of the mili-tary, secure communications for the White House and other senior govern-ment and government leaders, support to the Joint Staff, and disaster re-sponse communications. Over the years, many missions and activities that even today are rel-atively unknown have been transferred to DISA because everyone has been looking to increase efficiencies and ef-fectiveness. b1815 By eliminating DISA, Congress may be increasing the costs, manpower re-quirements, and cyber risks that can be better managed via a shared services approach currently envisioned by DISA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the com-mittee chair and the entire committee for consideration of the amendment. Let’s support our warfighters and help them focus on the threats that we face today. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 6157), making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 931. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters. H.R. 2229. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1091. An act to establish a Federal Advi-sory Council to Support Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5841. A bill to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more ef-fectively guard against the risk to the na-tional security on the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–784, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 964. Resolution providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JN7.120 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5748 June 26, 2018 
making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018 (Rept. 115–785). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 965. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–786). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 6219. A bill to support the independ-ence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 6220. A bill to restore the fair housing mission of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 6221. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the Carson City Mint 150th anniver-sary, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6222. A bill to improve the specialized training requirement for federal personnel who have substantive contact with unaccom-panied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6223. A bill to reauthorize the Child Advocate Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HECK (for himself and Mr. P
OE of Texas): H.R. 6224. A bill to require reports by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intel-ligence relating to construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 6225. A bill to permit occupational therapists to conduct the initial assessment visit and complete the comprehensive assess-ment under a Medicare home health plan of care for certain rehabilitation cases; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. BERA, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. D UNN, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L
ESKO , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 6226. A bill to direct the Secretary of Commerce to provide for civil space situa-tional awareness services and information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
UCAS , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. N ORMAN , Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. H URD, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. A BRAHAM ): H.R. 6227. A bill to provide for a coordi-nated Federal program to accelerate quan-tum research and development for the eco-nomic and national security of the United States; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 6228. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the in-crease in the estate and gift tax exemption made by Public Law 115-97; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. K NIGHT , Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 6229. A bill to authorize the programs of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. P ELOSI , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. L
EE, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. S OTO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. N ORCROSS ): H.R. 6230. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide increased labor law protections for agricultural work-ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6231. A bill to amend title 39 of the United States Code to direct the Postal Reg-ulatory Commission to promulgate regula-tions to establish rates of postage for pack-ages shipped by priority mail from the United States to a foreign Army Post Office, Fleet Post Office, or Diplomatic Post Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Ms. BASS, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN): H.R. 6232. A bill to limit the separation of families including an individual with an de-velopmental disability at or near ports of entry; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Home-land Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6233. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to ensure that child protective services systems do not permit the separation of children from par-ents on the basis of poverty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6234. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide support to uni-versity law school programs that are de-signed to provide legal assistance to vet-erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6235. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the use of unauthor-ized unmanned aircrafts over wildfires; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 963. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
OKITA ): H. Res. 966. A resolution in the matter of Maxine Waters; to the Committee on Ethics. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H. Res. 967. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 23 as a na-tional day of remembrance of the tragic 1983 terrorist bombing of the United States Ma-rine Corps Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AMB, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S OTO, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. E VANS , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.018 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5749 June 26, 2018 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ERA, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, and Ms. E
SHOO ): H. Res. 968. A resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1902) to protect our Social Security system and improve ben-efits for current and future generations; to the Committee on Rules. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H. Res. 969. A resolution recognizing the accomplishments and the economic con-tributions of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) entrepreneurs and small business owners; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 6220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 6221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To . . . coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin....  Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HECK: H.R. 6224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 3 and 18 of article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution . By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 6228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 57: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 778: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 930: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 950: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 980: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 987: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1017: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1054: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1102: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1136: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 1156: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1171: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 1192: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1270: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1295: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1300: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1439: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1571: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1676: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. R OSS, Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1783: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1818: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C OSTA , and Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1847: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1953: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1960: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1985: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2119: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2358: Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 2542: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2598: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 2633: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2938: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 2946: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2976: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3124: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3138: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 3145: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3148: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 3410: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 3635: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3666: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3730: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3738: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3906: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3919: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 3923: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S OTO, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mr. H OYER . H.R. 3976: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 4099: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 4256: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. R OSS, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4268: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4454: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4471: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4724: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4808: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4846: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4886: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4953: Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4978: Mr. H
OLDING and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 5003: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5052: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5061: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5105: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 5107: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5108: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P ALLONE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JN7.100 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5750 June 26, 2018 
H.R. 5141: Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5145: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5171: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5191: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 5220: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 5288: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5291: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5306: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5358: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5429: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5467: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5551: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5588: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. S AR-
BANES . H.R. 5610: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5640: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5658: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 5671: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5697: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 5713: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5813: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5885: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 5893: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5948: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 5949: Mr. B
RADY of Texas. H.R. 5988: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 6014: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6048: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 6060: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 6067: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6076: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 6108: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6114: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 6134: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 6172: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 6173: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 6178: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 6183: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H.R. 6190: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 6194: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 6195: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.J. Res. 1: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. S
MUCKER . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 69: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Res. 274: Mr. C
RAMER . H. Res. 319: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 395: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 503: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H. Res. 785: Mr. B
IGGS and Mr. C URTIS . H. Res. 826: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Res. 919: Mr. G
AETZ . H. Res. 928: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. C OHEN . H. Res. 962: Mr. R
OKITA . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. R ASKIN and Ms. J AYAPAL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN7.021 H26JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4379 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 2018 No. 107 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable C
INDY H
YDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, thank You for sus-taining our Nation from the beginning of its existence until this present mo-ment. If You had not been with us, we would have been devoured by our en-emies. You kept us from being over-whelmed by the raging waters of anar-chy and the fury of pestilences. May the way You have led us in the past make us confident about our future. Lord, be the helper of our lawmakers. Provide them with the wisdom, power, and grace needed for the living of these days. Forgive our sins of commission and omission. Remind us that all that is necessary for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable C
INDY HYDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH thereupon as-sumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, last evening the Senate voted over-whelmingly to advance H.R. 2—the farm bill. The reason it has reached the floor in its current form—ready for consideration, amendments, and, ulti-mately, passage by the full Senate—is the leadership of Chairman P
ATROB-
ERTS and Ranking Member D EBBIE STA-
BENOW . They have carried on the com-mittee’s proud tradition of focusing on substance and putting partisanship aside. As the senior Senator from Ken-tucky, I know exactly how important this legislation is to agricultural com-munities in my home State and around the Nation. Kentucky has 12.8 million acres dedicated to agriculture. That in-cludes about $1 billion in soybean pro-duction last year alone, about three- quarters of a billion dollars in corn, and hundreds of millions of dollars in the production of hay and tobacco, just to name a few. These crops are only part of the story. Our leading agricultural com-modity is poultry—a billion-dollar-plus industry that employs about 7,000 Ken-tuckians on its own. These are just a few examples of what Kentucky farm-ers bring to the country and to the world. Despite the impressive scale, we are a State that is dominated by small farms. They form the backbone of rural communities throughout my State. But our farm families and those across rural America face a lot of uncer-tainty: natural disasters, from droughts to floods, unstable world mar-kets, and falling commodity prices. Earlier this year, the USDA Eco-nomic Research Service forecasted that net farm income is in the process of falling to a 12-year low—a 12-year low. The farmers who feed and support this country are counting on us to pro-vide the predictability and certainty of a long-term farm bill. My colleagues and I on the Agri-culture Committee have produced a farm bill that shows America’s farmers that we understand their situation, share their concerns, and are taking action to address them. My colleagues from every corner of the country can be proud of this legis-lation. First and foremost, the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018 strengthens the safety measures that directly help commodity producers as they confront low prices. It also seizes a number of opportunities to invest in the future of American agriculture and rural communities. I am particularly excited about the provision that would empower farmers to begin cultivating industrial hemp, a crop that could play a key role going forward in Kentucky’s economy and in the Nation’s. The bill also focuses on rural broadband, rural water infrastructure, and the fight against the opioid epi-demic that has hit rural America very hard. From top to bottom, this farm bill takes serious steps to ensure the future of American agriculture—for the sake of our farmers, our rural communities, and the entire country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.000 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4380 June 26, 2018 
This week my colleagues will have ample opportunity to consider the leg-islation before us. In a few days I hope they will join me in voting to pass it. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, it has been a little over 6 months since the passage of tax reform delivered measurable relief to working families and job creators, 6 months since Republicans implemented a simpler 21st century framework to help unleash a new generation of suc-cess stories, and 6 months since up-dated tax brackets and withholding ta-bles provided for some 90 percent of American wage earners to take home more pay. Thanks to lower tax rates, the IRS is withholding less of workers’ pay-checks. Because we doubled the stand-ard deduction, married couples will benefit from what amounts to a new zero-percent tax bracket for the first $24,000 they earn. And parents are look-ing forward to the bigger child tax credit they can claim going forward— up to $2,000 per qualifying child. These tax cuts are just the shot in the arm our economy needed, and they are exactly what middle-class families and workers deserved. At least that is what Republicans believe. Our Democratic colleagues seem to see things quite differently. They don’t think that $2,000—that is the average estimated tax cut this year for a fam-ily of four earning the median family income—seems like very much money, as far as they are concerned. After all, every single Democrat voted against giving American families these tax cuts. They figured Wash-ington knew how to spend the money better than the taxpayers who earned it. Of course, the bill became law with-out Democrats’ help. Since then, they have set about trying to persuade mid-dle-class families that getting to keep more of their own money is a terrible thing, so they should support Demo-crats’ efforts to repeal tax reform. I am glad I don’t have to try and make that case. It looks like more take-home pay for workers is already beginning to have ripple effects throughout the U.S. economy. Fueled in part by our Republican policies, con-sumer confidence in 2018 reached its highest level since November of 2000. Sure enough, just last month retail sales growth doubled the gains that ex-perts had forecast and shot up at the fastest pace in half a year. Here is the L.A. Times headline: ‘‘Retail sales post sharp gains in May, signaling a surge in U.S. economic growth.’’ That is the L.A. Times. That is more take-home pay for American taxpayers, more prosperity for American retailers, more demand for American goods and services, and thus, more demand for American work-ers. This is what we call a virtuous circle, and Republicans’ commonsense agenda is helping to make it happen. Our Democratic colleagues may want to put Washington’s foot back on the brake by repealing tax reform and pil-ing up more regulations, but they aren’t just arguing with those of us across the aisle. They are arguing with the facts. They are arguing with the data. They are arguing with American families who are keeping more of their own money. They are arguing with the prosperity our agenda is already help-ing to unleash. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 6 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The leader is correct. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, on appropriations, the Senate is continuing the process. I thank Chairman S
HELBY , Ranking Member L
EAHY , and Leader M CCONNELL  for their work in helping move this process forward. It has been a long time since the Sen-ate has successfully processed appro-priations through the regular order. It requires cooperation on the committee, cooperation amongst the committee staff, and cooperation here on the floor with the two leaders, and that is hap-pening. If we are looking to work in a bipartisan way, this is, probably, the best sprout of bipartisanship that has bloomed in a long time in this body. The fact that the parties are working together to prevent nongermane amendments that are intended just to create ruckus and the fact that even germane amendments that are re-garded as poison pills are not being added to the bills here in the Senate really bodes well for cooperation. I wish it were the same in the House, where it is strictly a partisan process. The fact that the Senate is working to-gether on appropriations bodes well for future legislation, including one farm bill that some people have an interest in who are in this body—many of us, actually—including, of course, the sen-ior Senator from the great State of Kansas. I hope this appropriations process can continue this way—with biparti-sanship, knocking out poison pill amendments, sticking together, and getting a good bill done. The fact that yesterday, I think there were—how many votes?—just a handful of votes against the first minibus of three of the Appropriations Committee’s bills bodes well for the future. I would also caution to say there may be some extraneous forces, some even down the other side of Pennsyl-vania Avenue, that might want to blow this whole thing up. If we can stick to-gether, we can make this happen in a good way, for the good of the country, in terms of the specific bills and in terms of bringing us back together again to get things done. That is the optimistic note of the morning. Maybe we will have more. f 
FAMILY SEPARATION Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on immigration, in the past few weeks, it has not been so optimistic. The Trump administration has created a humani-tarian crisis at our southern border through its cruel family separation policy. An Executive order signed by the President last week has barely un-done the damage. It largely leaves the original policy intact and raises a whole series of unresolved questions. Those in the administration have a lot of questions to answer, and it is only they who can straighten this out. Legislation might be a good thing, but we all know the path to legislation is fraught with peril. Having legislation pass the House, pass the Senate, and be signed by the President hasn’t hap-pened in a while. In the meantime, while people grapple with legislation— and I encourage people to talk to one another—we have a lot of questions that the administration must answer: How many children are separated from their parents? Where are those chil-dren? Where are the parents? What kind of care are these kids getting? How are they holding up? I saw on one of the TV shows this morning a little girl, who asked: Where is my mommy? Where is my mommy? She was a young girl who was, maybe, 4 years old. That is not the America any of us— regardless of our party, regardless of our political philosophy—believe in. We see that in other countries that are much crueler and less democratic than we. So we need these questions an-swered by the administration quickly. The second thing we need is a plan. The administration, the President, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.001 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4381 June 26, 2018 
others have said that we are not going to break up families anymore even though he was the cause of breaking up the families. What is the plan to get them back together? What is the plan for the future? They now say they are going back to the way it was under Obama because they don’t have the re-sources. What are the resources they need? At the same time, when Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that they don’t have the resources, President Trump says: I don’t want any more immigra-tion judges. This administration is just contradictory and tied in a knot. Compounding the problem is the President’s ranting—that is what he is doing; I hate to say it—at these rallies when he says that Democrats want crime. Democrats want open borders. Well, Mr. President, I am the author, with J
OHNMCCAIN—someone you have also belittled—of a bill that passed this body with 69 votes that put $40 billion on the border. It would have been far more effective than any wall. We could do that now. We could do comprehen-sive reform now if some people would be for it on the other side and in the White House. These rants—these hysterical, nasty, finger-pointing rants—don’t help bring bipartisanship here. Yet we expect that of the President, as he has been highly partisan, but they don’t help solve the problem. He just shoots from the hip. The different agencies, whether they be the Department of Justice and the At-torney General, the Secretary of HHS, and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, don’t know what to do because there are so many contradictory sig-nals coming. Who suffers? These poor little children who are separated from their parents suffer. Two days ago, Sunday, in New York, I called for a czar—a good czar—be-cause, when you have different agen-cies in charge, you need the White House to direct it all. This President shoots from the hip and is more inter-ested in nasty rhetoric than in solving problems, and nothing gets solved. A czar—some capable, level-headed per-son who has the President’s blessing in the White House, who could help co-ordinate between Justice and HHS and Homeland Security and the other agen-cies that are involved—could help solve this problem. Whether it goes for the czar or not, this administration needs to present a plan—ASAP—of how to unify the kids and how to deal with the border. It has no plan. It has a lot of contradictory language. Let’s hope it can get there for the sake of humanity and for the sake of what this country has been all about for its beautiful 229 years. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on taxes, one of the chief arguments be-hind the Republican tax bill was the idea that giving corporations a sub-stantial tax cut would compel compa-nies to hire more workers, give raises, and expand operations. After a few weeks of news about one- time annual bonuses petered out—and many of those were staged by CEOs sucking up to the President—we have started to get a look at how corpora-tions are really using the profits from the Republican tax bill. What did Har-ley-Davidson, the iconic motorcycle company that President Trump talked about in his campaign and even after-ward, do with their tax cuts? They cut domestic operations, announced a near-ly $700 million stock repurchasing pro-gram, and now are moving significant operations overseas. Why didn’t Har-ley-Davidson take that tax break to help continue to employ workers here in America instead of a buyback so the wealthy CEOs and shareholders would get a lot of money? President Trump and Speaker RYANhave held up Harley- Davidson as a success story of their tax bill while they are cutting jobs in America and using the tax cuts for stock buybacks. It is the same thing with Carrier. There was a great big hoopla with Car-rier, but Carrier is cutting jobs and still employs loads of people overseas, even though they got a huge tax break. This tax break has helped the wealthy, the CEOs, the shareholders—most of whom are rich and one-third of whom are overseas—but not the workers and not more productivity in America. Another one is Walmart. They are cited by the House as a positive exam-ple of the tax bill in action. Walmart laid off 1,000 employees in recent months and used the tax bill break for a $4 billion buyback of its own stock. This tax bill has proven to be a trav-esty. All the things that were promised aren’t happening. I know our Repub-lican colleagues. They talk to their wealthy businesspeople, and they think it is great. Talk to the average person. It has become unpopular again. Do you know why? It has sunk in that the money ain’t going to them, and the big corporations that are getting these breaks are not benefiting them, by and large. Listen to this number: $450 bil-lion in stock buybacks have been an-nounced. That doesn’t employ a single worker. That doesn’t raise the salary of a single worker. That doesn’t bring new equipment to a company to make it more productive so they can compete better. An analysis was just done by JUST Capital, and 7 percent of the cap-ital allocated by companies from the tax bill’s savings has gone to employ-ees, 57 percent to shareholders—close to eight times as much. We Democrats predicted that, and despite the initial hoopla after the bill, the American people are realizing it is happening. It seems nearly every week, today with Harley-Davidson, there is a new example of corporate America taking a Republican tax cut and putting it to work—not for their employees, not for new equipment, not for new hires but for executives and shareholders. Let’s not forget, 80 percent of the stock is held by 10 percent of the wealthiest people. One-third of the shares in America are held by people overseas. As voters head to the polls this Novem-ber, they should remember that Repub-licans spent over $1.5 trillion of the taxpayers’ money to give corporate America a handout while working America got left behind. We Democrats need to fix that. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
FARM BILL Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I rise as the Senate considers legislation on an issue that is critically important to our Nation—the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018—the farm bill. The goal, the responsibility, the ab-solute requirement is to provide our farmers, ranchers, and growers, and ev-eryone within America’s agriculture and food value chain certainty and pre-dictability, especially during these very difficult times. This is paramount, absolutely paramount to any other issues and concerns. It is not an exaggeration to say our Nation’s food and fiber capability, with regard to production, hangs in the bal-ance with what we do on this legisla-tion. Simply put, let’s get this done. Many of my colleagues have intro-duced legislation over the last year that addresses priorities and stake-holders in their States. The bill that passed the Agriculture Committee, with the help and partnership of my distinguished ranking member Senator S
TABENOW , passed with a strong bipar-tisan vote of 20 to 1 earlier this month. That bill addresses many of these con-cerns. In fact, the Ag Committee’s bill includes this bill we are considering today, portions of 65 stand-alone bills, and an additional 73 amendments were adopted in the committee. That is called working together. That is called regular order. Needless to say, we have work to in-clude as many priorities from Members both on and off the Ag Committee, and we want to continue working with Members to address their concerns. Prepare your amendments and come work with Senator S
TABENOW and me. We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the needs of producers across all regions, all crops. All of agri-culture today is struggling, not just one or two commodities. We are indeed going through a very difficult time; what we call in farm country, a rough patch. We must have a bill that works all across our great Nation. We must en-sure that our voluntary conservation programs are keeping farmland in op-eration while protecting our agri-culture lands and forests and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.003 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4382 June 26, 2018 
natural resources. Let us not forget that in a few short decades, the global population will top 9 billion people— some are saying even 10 billion. Agri-culture production will need to double in the near future to meet that de-mand. Accomplishing this task re-quires efficiency, not just on the farm and ranch but also in our government. We must focus on program integ-rity—we have done that—and common-sense investments to strengthen our nutrition programs to ensure the long- term health and success of those in need of assistance. We have done that in this bill with efficiencies, reform, and a priority with regard to program integrity. With trade and market uncertainty, to say the least, we must provide cer-tainty for our trade promotion and re-search programs. Today we are losing our markets. Kansas wheat is not going to Mexico. Mexico is buying its wheat from Argentina. It is the same for corn. Our corn is not going down to Mexico. Mexico is buying their corn from Brazil. I think it could be said that when a tariff is imposed to try to improve trade deficits, you also run the risk— and we have already seen it happen—of retaliation, and retaliation comes back directly on our producers and agri-culture. That is why we have to have this bill passed. Feeding an increasing global population is not just an agricultural challenge, it is a national security challenge. Show me a country that cannot feed itself, and I will show you a nation in chaos. This means we need to grow more and raise more with fewer resources. That is going to take investments in research, new tech-nology, lines of credit, and proper risk management. It takes the government providing tools and then getting out of the producers’ way. In this bill, we have made and must make tough choices and be judicious with the scarce resources we have. Through an open and deliberate hear-ing process over the last 18 months, Members of the Senate Agriculture Committee have asked tough ques-tions, reexamined programs to deter-mine their effectiveness, and tried to ensure programs accomplish their fun-damental purposes. Agriculture, and specifically the farm bill, has consist-ently answered the call to do more with less. To those who say passing a farm bill in this environment is a daunting task—and, yes, it is—I say, together we can get this done. I think about the folks back home right now. I would like to point out that the wheat harvest is still growing across Kansas, starting in Nebraska, and headed for South Dakota and North Dakota. These farmers in the midst of harvest are facing Mother Na-ture. The unknown of a thunderstorm or hailstorm can hit just as they try to harvest their grain. In Kansas, we have a drought, but we are still hopeful we can harvest a reasonable crop. We must adopt the attitude of our producers—optimism and ingenuity. A farmer doesn’t plant a seed in the ground without the faith and optimism of harvesting a good crop. That is what we should do. That means, with bipar-tisan support, we must do our job. We must pass a bill that provides those same men and women the much needed certainty and predictability they de-serve. Again, that is the paramount issue. I know many Members have con-cerns. Many Members have amend-ments that want to address a specific problem. They feel very strongly about it, and we are here to help. We are here to help them to address such issues in this bill, but we also have to under-stand the tough challenges we face. Farmers, ranchers, and growers are in a very difficult time. We must respond to that. We are the Agriculture Com-mittee. We must accept that challenge. We must be champions for these peo-ple, and we need a bill. That is the No. 1 issue—certainty and predictability during a very difficult time for our farmers, our ranchers, and our growers. Now, this is not the best possible bill, but it is the best bill possible under these circumstances. So I look forward to working with my colleagues on con-tinuing to move this process forward. To my partner in this process, Sen-ator S
TABENOW , thank you so much for your help and cooperation and working together. I look forward to working with you toward that goal in the days ahead. Let’s get this bill done. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed Calendar No. 483, to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I thank the majority and minority lead-ers for bringing this bill to the floor for consideration as quickly as they have done. I appreciate all the Agriculture Committee members on both sides of the aisle for working together to write this important legislation. Most impor-tantly, many thanks to my friend and my partner, Chairman P
ATROBERTS , for his work and his leadership and his commitment to our farmers and grow-ers throughout this process. It is a great pleasure to work with him. From the very beginning of this proc-ess, Chairman ROBERTS and I made a commitment that we would deliver a strong bipartisan farm bill. Despite the long road we faced, we stayed true to our word. I am proud to say that we wrote a bill that will provide certainty, as the chairman talked about, to our farmers, our families, and rural com-munities. We stayed focused on strengthening our Nation’s diverse agricultural econ-omy and the 16 million jobs it supports. This is a jobs bill for America. A lot of those jobs are in my home State of Michigan, where our food and agricul-tural economy supports one out of four jobs in Michigan. People look at us as an auto State, which we proudly are, an auto manu-facturing State. We make things, but we make things and we grow things. I don’t think you can have an economy or a middle class unless somebody makes things and grows things. That is what we do. This bill is critical to both of those things. The farm bill helps us make things and grow things, and it is critical to our Michigan economy and to the economy of the country. Even though agriculture supports the livelihood of so many families, the rest of us may take for granted the work they do and how much we depend on them to be successful. After all, we all have to eat, and the food on our plates comes from a farm or a ranch. Farms like Everbest Organics in Munger, MI, grow the black beans you may find in your burrito. Dietrich Orchards in Conklin produces the apple slices your kids might eat as a snack. The men and women who own and op-erate so many farms in Michigan and across this country are the reason our grocery shelves are stocked with the safest, most affordable food in the world. The food we eat depends on the hard work they put in day in and day out. They do this work knowing the great risks they face. For a farmer, a year of work can be lost in a single day. I saw an example of that in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan just yes-terday, where severe flooding and mudslides have caused unimaginable losses in Houghton, MI, and Hancock and the surrounding small towns. A number of farms in Menominee County experienced heavy damage. The loss of hay alone will hurt dairy and cattle op-erations for weeks and months to come. On top of the uncertainty farmers face from Mother Nature, they also contend with unpredictable markets and certainly unpredictable situations today in terms of Federal policy. The farm economy is struggling right now with low prices. Many farm families are struggling to make ends meet. Un-certainty about international trade is definitely not helping. When times are tough, the farm bill provides a strong safety net to protect our farmers and ranchers. We took 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.005 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4383 June 26, 2018 
steps to strengthen the risk-manage-ment tools and crop insurance to help producers of all types protect their businesses from unexpected losses. We create that risk-management safety net for all types of farms, large and small. We also made a number of important changes for our dairy farmers. The dairy support in the last farm bill, un-fortunately, did not work as expected, leaving many family dairy farms with-out a reliable safety net. In addition to the $1.1 billion we secured in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act, we replaced the Mar-gin Protection Program with new, af-fordable coverage for dairy farmers when the market dips. Thanks to the support and the lead-ership of Senator G
ILLIBRAND , Senator B
ALDWIN , and Senator K LOBUCHAR , we also refund premiums for dairy farmers who did not see returns under the old safety net. From commodities and dairy to spe-cialty crops and urban farming, the strength of American agriculture is rooted in the diversity of what we grow and how we grow it. This is certainly true in Michigan, where we grow more crops than every other State but one— that little State called California. We are working on that one. Our farm bill continues to support the wide variety of farms all across America, big and small, urban and rural. We invest in the bright future of agriculture by helping new and begin-ning farmers, including young people and returning veterans. We expand ag-ricultural market opportunities so our farmers can make a living. Historic in-vestments in organic farming help pro-ducers tap into one of the fastest grow-ing sectors of agriculture. New and permanent investments in international trade promotion will help our farmers sell their production abroad. Streamlined, permanent sup-port for farmers markets, food hubs, and local food processing will help our farmers sell to their neighbors. Just as the farm bill provides a safe-ty net for farmers, it also provides a safety net for our families. We know nutrition assistance provides a critical lifeline for families who are struggling to make ends meet. The good news is, according to the Congressional Budget Office, nutrition programs are saving over $80 billion more than expected be-cause the economy is getting better and fewer people need temporary help. So we focused on strengthening nutri-tion assistance the right way—by working on a bipartisan basis. We improved the integrity of SNAP and created new job-training opportu-nities and public-private partnerships, while preserving critical food access for American families. We also worked to improve access to healthy foods through SNAP by bolstering fruit and vegetable incentives—what we call in Michigan Double Up Bucks—and reduc-ing paperwork for senior citizens on fixed incomes. The farm bill also plays an important role in improving the quality of life in every single small town and rural com-munity, like where I grew up in Clare and where I was this weekend up in the Upper Peninsula. Access to high-speed internet is one of the top concerns we hear about in rural America. In 2018, having internet access is not a luxury, it is a necessity. High school students need to do their homework and be able to apply for col-lege. Hospitals and health centers need it to connect patients with specialists and use telemedicine and reach those in their homes. Farmers and small business owners count on it to steer their tractors and sell their products and communicate with customers. The farm bill includes new opportunities that will connect communities that need it most. We are also continuing to create jobs. The strong investments in rural small businesses promote entrepreneurship. Support for renewable energy helps farmers and businesses be more effi-cient, while also adding installation jobs in rural communities. Biobased manufacturing creates rural and urban jobs—taking crops like corn and soybeans and turning them into products we use every day, from laundry detergent, to seats in auto-mobiles—yes, you may be sitting on soybeans in your car—to biofuels. All of these things create opportuni-ties for young people to stay in their hometowns and raise their families. We want children to feel they can stay at home in their small town and have the quality of life they want for themselves and their families and have the oppor-tunity to raise their children there. Despite facing a tough budget, the farm bill continues to be one of the largest investments in the conserva-tion of our land, water, and Great Lakes, which is so important to us in Michigan. Contrary to the House bill, we made no cuts to the conservation title, which helps our farmers be more productive and more profitable. In fact, by focusing on successful conservation partnerships, we will actually grow funding by leveraging an additional $1 billion in private investments. Clean water and healthy wildlife habitat are not only good for our farm-ers and our environment, they also support hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation. Again, that is where I grew up. We were outdoors all the time hunting, fishing, enjoying the out-doors. The great news is that this ac-counts for over 7 million jobs. There is no doubt that this farm bill is a jobs bill, and, as the chairman said, it is a national security bill. It is a conservation bill. It is a food security bill. It is also a bipartisan bill, with the strong support of the members of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Committee. I am proud to be here with my friend and colleague, the leader of our com-mittee, Chairman R
OBERTS , and I urge our colleagues to join us in swiftly passing this bill. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. KEN-
NEDY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise to discuss, once again, an issue of ut-most importance to the people of Lou-isiana and to the millions of Americans who live in coastal States or in a flood-plain. I am talking, of course, about the National Flood Insurance Program, or as we refer to it, the NFIP. As one knows, in the absence of reau-thorizing legislation, this program will expire at the height of hurricane sea-son, and its expiration will leave more than 5 million American families and businesses without insurance and, therefore, in limbo. For the good of our national economy, we simply cannot allow that to happen. That is why I am requesting a vote to extend the pro-gram through hurricane season as ei-ther an amendment to our farm bill or after recess as a stand-alone bill. My amendment to the farm bill is clean. It would be a 6-month emergency exten-sion that would just maintain the sta-tus quo and give flood insurance pol-icyholders peace of mind while allow-ing us to put together a viable, bipar-tisan, long-term reform bill. As one well knows, flooding is the No. 1 natural hazard in this country. It poses an extraordinary risk to both life and property. Of course, families who live near oceans, lakes, rivers, and bay-ous rely on the NFIP to protect their homes and businesses. Yet winter storms and snowmelt also flood thou-sands of properties every year, and you don’t have to live in a coastal State to have a bad rainstorm. In fact, you are twice as likely to have your home flood as you are to have it catch on fire, re-gardless of where you live. I can assure you that regardless of where you live, if you have 20 or 21 inches of rain over a 2-day period, you are going to flood. I do not care if you live on Pikes Peak. If you do happen to have your home or business flood, your normal home-owner’s policy is not going to help you. You are not covered. That is why Con-gress created the NFIP, and that is why we need to continue it. Yet we find this program in jeopardy once again. I mean no disrespect, but Congress has repeatedly and consistently mangled the reauthorization of the NFIP. Despite its being the primary source of flood insurance coverage for millions of American homeowners, Congress al-lowed the National Flood Insurance Program to expire four times in 2010, for a total of 53 days. Those disruptions had lasting effects on ordinary Ameri-cans. In June of 2010, for each day the NFIP had been expired, over 1,400 home sales had been canceled or delayed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.007 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4384 June 26, 2018 
This had injected uncertainty into a fragile housing market. It had dis-rupted mortgage lending and had sent our local economies into a tailspin. If the NFIP were to lapse this July—and unless we do something, it will lapse on July 31—the National Association of Realtors estimates that more than 40,000 home sale closings will be af-fected each month. As it now stands, we have 21 Senate session days until the NFIP expires at 12 midnight on July 31. I regret to say that no meaningful progress has been made with regard to our efforts to con-fect a reform bill that would continue and improve the NFIP. To make mat-ters worse, our friends in the House of Representatives decoupled the NFIP from spending bills in the omnibus, which has only increased the likelihood that the NFIP will be allowed to ex-pire, which is unacceptable. Without independent reauthorizing legislation—either stand-alone legisla-tion or an amendment to our farm bill—Congress stands poised to bring our domestic real estate market to a standstill and leave Americans in our coastal States and elsewhere exposed in the middle of hurricane season. We simply cannot afford to let down that many Americans who depend on the National Flood Insurance Program. Again, I strongly encourage my col-leagues to support this emergency ex-tension of the NFIP, which I am work-ing on, along with Senator C
ASSIDY , who is the senior Senator from Lou-isiana and whose support I greatly ap-preciate. We are a month away from a lapse of the NFIP—21 working days in the Sen-ate. That is why I am requesting a vote on a clean, short-term, status quo re-authorization that will get us through hurricane season. I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we all know, we are on the farm bill this week in the Senate. I express my grati-tude to Chairman R
OBERTS and Rank-ing Member S
TABENOW for bringing us this far. Interestingly, in a town where dif-ferences tend to be along partisan lines and ideological lines, the differences in the farm bill tend to be largely re-gional as much as anything else, but they have done a good job in trying to bring a fair and equitable bill to the Senate floor. That is reflected by the near unanimous vote in committee for the bill. The farm bill has always been impor-tant. With its being renewed every 5 years, it helps to ensure that Ameri-cans and the people who benefit from American exports around the world enjoy access to the safest, cheapest, most reliable food source on the planet. The farm bill impacts many areas be-yond food production. It promotes the conservation of farmland and water-sheds. Foreign food aid programs are reauthorized as part of this bill, and we lay down the policy that affects the management of our Nation’s forests. I am especially pleased with this year’s farm bill and its impact on my home State and the Presiding Officer’s home State of Texas. Among the most noteworthy provisions is protecting seed cotton eligibility for the farm bill safety net. This year’s bill also retains and strengthens the Price Loss Cov-erage Program to help provide Texas agricultural producers with stability through unpredictable weather and natural disasters. Finally, the bill pro-motes animal health and reauthorizes disease research programs, including a crucial one that will help the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture provide re-search to contain the spread of the cat-tle fever tick. I doubt many people have heard of the cattle fever tick, but it is a real threat to our herds, our beef herds, and it has the potential to wipe out cattle herds and cause devastating financial losses. I want to highlight three areas where I do think the bill could stand some improvement—first, the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program. There is a lot of good done in the bill for farm and agricultural programs, but many people don’t know that about 80 per-cent of the money spent in the farm bill is directed to so-called nutrition programs. So calling this a farm bill is a bit of a misnomer, since only 20 per-cent of its resources deal with farm and agriculture. So we need to consider tar-geted ways to ensure that tax dollars used to pay for these nutrition pro-grams are used wisely. That is why I will support an amend-ment that expands work requirements for those who receive SNAP benefits. It is not just for work, but for people who are able-bodied who need to train for work or provide community service as condition of qualifying for this welfare benefit. My second related amendment will authorize a pilot program to encourage nongovernmental partners to help ad-dress food insecurity in local commu-nities. While I salute Chairman ROB-
ERTS and Ranking Member S TABENOW  for attempting to ensure the integrity of our nutrition programs, I believe these amendments will further pro-mote the goal we all share. The last one I will cosponsor with the junior Senator from Kansas, whose leadership I would like to commend, is one that addresses the wildfires we have had the last 2 years and the de-struction these natural disasters have provided in farm country. I see the chairman of the Agriculture Committee on the floor, and I yield to him if he has a question he would like to ask. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, just a comment, and I state to the Presiding Officer that I thank the Senator from Texas for his general support for the farm bill. The issues Senator CORNYN has men-tioned are very important. In the nu-trition title, we have addressed defi-ciencies that he has mentioned. We have 10 States now that have private projects for job training to figure out what really works best. The law cur-rently allows States to have job train-ing and a worker program. Kansas has that law. I am sure Texas probably has the law. I think we have achieved about as much as we can to at least determine where we are going. The House bill, with all due respect, has $8 billion in cuts, and then there are questions as to how that is implemented and what agency does that. Agriculture, I don’t think, is prepared to really launch into a full program of job training. The one issue the Senator from Texas specifi-cally mentioned that caused me to come down here and interrupt his great speech is, we do have that private part to supplement the Federal situation in the Food Stamp Program. I don’t know if we have hit all three areas of concern he has mentioned, but we are pretty darn close. I appreciate the Senator’s interest. We are just trying to get a program that has better integrity, that works better, and is more efficient. By the way, we deal with that bonus program, where some States—actually, only eight States—were not guilty of this, but a lot of States gamed the sys-tem, and we have taken care of that. We have taken a hard look at the nu-trition program, but we don’t declare the farm program to be a welfare pro-gram or try to put it into that kind of a description. So, basically, I am just saying with the three things the Senator just men-tioned, we tried to address all three. Now, perhaps, not to the degree that the distinguished Senator would like, but that is still up for consideration, and I appreciate his comments. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the comments of the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, and I ap-preciate his efforts to try to accommo-date the concerns I have raised. Believe me, I understand this isn’t his first rodeo. He has been down this path many times trying to come up with a farm bill that can get passed by both Houses of Congress and signed by the President of the United States, and that is no easy task. I would state on the work require-ment for qualifying for the so-called nutrition program, I am aware of the fact that since these are Federal dol-lars, many States, even though they have the authority to impose some work or community service require-ment, can waive that rather easily, since they are not spending their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.009 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4385 June 26, 2018 
money; they are spending the Federal Government’s money. So we are look-ing for ways to perhaps strengthen that provision. I hope we will have an opportunity to have a vote on it. My goal is to make sure we pass a farm bill, but I do think it is important that we demonstrate our commitment to protecting the Fed-eral taxpayer and imposing modest work, preparation for work, or commu-nity service requirements on able-bod-ied people. I yield to the chairman. Mr. ROBERTS. I thank the Senator for yielding. We are looking at those provisions, and we are looking at making sure able-bodied people do achieve the goal of going from dependence to independ-ence, more especially in this time of economic recovery, which is really the secret to all of this. The numbers in the Food Stamp Program have de-creased dramatically as we have seen our economy improve, but we are tak-ing a look at those waivers. The dif-ference is, in the House bill, we have a situation where if somebody has chil-dren 6 and under, it used to be 10 and under, and then on the other side, peo-ple who were 50 to now 60 are in-cluded—that has raised some dust. There are several other issues the Senator has mentioned. It is just a matter of degree. We want to provide integrity to that program. We want it to work and have it go to the people who truly need it, and we have tried very hard to accomplish that. We will study hard the good rec-ommendations the Senator has men-tioned, and we will do our best. Mr. CORNYN. I appreciate the chair-man’s comments, and I have confidence in him and his ability to manage this bill successfully across the floor. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—MOTION TO PRO-CEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the impor-tant legislation before us, and that is the 2018 farm bill. This is critical legis-lation for Nebraskans and for all Amer-icans. It will provide the certainty and predictability agriculture producers need to do their job of delivering abun-dant, high-quality, nutritious food to our Nation. My husband, Bruce, and I have a fam-ily ranch in the Sandhills of Nebraska. That is our home. That is where we live, and that is where we work. I know firsthand that being a farmer or ranch-er is more than just a job. It is a way of life, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. It is one of life’s most noble callings to care for the land and God’s creatures, to be stewards of our natural resources, and to feed the world. As a State senator of the Nebraska legislature and now as a U.S. Senator, commonsense agriculture policy has been a top priority for me. This year, I was honored to have the opportunity to join the Senate Ag Committee, where I am the voice for Nebraska agriculture as we work on this vital legislation for our State. I want to thank Chairman ROBERTS  for welcoming me to the committee and for his excellent work on this bill. I also want to thank him for making a trip to the ‘‘good life’’ this past May. Together, we held a roundtable at the Nebraska State fairgrounds in Grand Island and toured a soybean processing plant in Hastings. During these visits, we heard feedback and input from Ne-braska ag producers that we brought back to Washington as the committee crafted this bill. Production agriculture is the eco-nomic engine of Nebraska. Across our State, there are more than 47,000 farms and ranches. From the panhandle to Central Nebraska, to the city streets of Lincoln and Omaha, Nebraskans under-stand the monumental role of agri-culture as our State’s No. 1 industry. One in four Nebraska jobs is tied to ag-riculture, but we all know there is a lot of anxiety in farm country today. Current net farm income is down by over 50 percent compared to 5 years ago when we passed the last farm bill. While uncertainty surrounds inter-national trade and biofuels policy, we are looking at experiencing depressed commodity prices and tight margins. Since the beginning of June, Nebraska cash corn prices are down roughly 11 percent. Cash soybean prices are down 14 percent. This has resulted in over $1 billion in potential lost receipts to corn and soybean producers. Farmers and ranchers are worried. For many years, I traveled the State of Nebraska to meet with and listen carefully to folks about their ideas to address the issues they face. I hosted several ag roundtables with local pro-ducers, Nebraska stakeholders, govern-ment officials, and agriculture indus-try experts about how we can boost our rural economies. Many of our discussions explore the relationship between the ‘‘internet of things’’ and agriculture. A key point that has been consistently made is the need for high-speed internet connectivity on farms and ranches. I hold a number of these roundtables every year, and it is always good to hear straight from producers about these important issues. I also bring leaders in our government to Nebraska so that they can develop a better un-derstanding of our State and famil-iarize themselves with the challenges producers deal with on a daily basis. On a snowy day in May last year, I welcomed the Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny Perdue, to our family ranch. The Secretary joined me in hosting a roundtable discussion with more than 60 of our neighbors and our friends. He heard about our suggestions on trade, marketing our products, broadband de-ployment, and other concerns we as ag producers have. Working together with my colleagues here in the Senate, we have had some great successes rolling back Federal regulations that have hurt farmers and ranchers. For example, Congress worked with the administration to halt the harmful waters of the United States rule, which would have ex-panded the Federal Government’s juris-diction over my State’s water re-sources. Earlier this year, as a part of the government spending bill, Congress passed and the President signed into law a permanent fix, which I cham-pioned. It ensures that farmers and ranchers are not treated like superfund sites under those EPA regulations. Ad-ditionally, we made some progress in eliminating regulations meant for oil refineries that were unreasonably af-fecting producers who use on-farm fuel storage tanks. Leading up to the 2018 farm bill, I was pleased to work alongside the USDA and the Nebraska Department of Agriculture to lift a 13-year ban on U.S. beef shipments to Israel. I have also been outspoken about the value of the South Korean market to Nebras-ka’s high-quality agriculture products. I advocated for our country to stay in the KORUS Free Trade Agreement, and I visited with both the U.S. administra-tion officials and South Korean offi-cials to stress the importance of the trade relationship between our two countries. I was pleased to see that the adminis-tration made a good trade deal with South Korea. This is a step in the right direction. It will expand opportunities for our producers and for the State of Nebraska. These were big wins for our pro-ducers, but we can, we should, and we must provide the predictability our producers need, especially during these tough times. That means passing the farm bill and enacting it into law. Traveling around our State, a com-mon theme that I hear is the continued need for a strong farm safety net that upholds the integrity of the crop insur-ance program. This is a critical risk management tool that works for farm-ers. From the very beginning, I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.010 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4386 June 26, 2018 
made safeguarding crop insurance my top priority throughout this process, and I appreciate that the farm bill will enhance this vital program for pro-ducers in my State and across the country. This farm bill also recognizes the im-portance of our trade promotion pro-grams. Nebraska producers have dem-onstrated that they can excel in the global marketplace. The bill before us merges the Market Access Program, the Foreign Market Development Pro-gram, the Emerging Markets Program, and the Technical Assistance for Spe-cialty Crops into one new Priority Trade Promotion, Development, and Assistance Program. This new priority trade promotion program will ensure that the baselines for these important programs will be upheld while allowing ag organizations to leverage these critical dollars to promote our high-quality ag products around the world. Moreover, the pro-gram will allow the Secretary of Agri-culture to address immediate trade needs effectively to ensure that valu-able market access is prioritized. What is more, this bill takes major steps to expand broadband so that our rural communities, which are harder to reach, are not left behind in this dig-ital era. There is no stronger example of the benefits of innovation than the influence of internet access on the ag-riculture industry. Today’s rural areas are experiencing increased produc-tivity because of the advanced tech-nologies fueling U.S. agricultural growth. Just recently, I had the honor of wel-coming the FCC Commissioner, Brendan Carr, to Northeast Nebraska to further address this issue. Together, we visited Northeast Community Col-lege, where we learned about their fas-cinating precision agriculture cur-riculum, which focuses on familiarizing students with new farming technology. Advanced information technology and the data these systems gather help our amazing agriculture producers make effective decisions as they feed the world. The Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act was included in the Ag Committee’s managers’ package during the markup of the farm bill. This would create a task force at the FCC charged with identifying breaks in high-speed internet connectivity across America’s farm and ranch land. Additionally, in the committee markup for the farm bill, I was also pleased to sponsor several amendments that were adopted unanimously in the managers’ package. My amendment en-couraging producers to utilize efficient water irrigation conservation tech-nology directs the USDA’s Natural Re-sources Conservation Service to recog-nize the use of remote telemetry data systems for irrigation scheduling as a best management practice. The 2018 farm bill will also provide some much needed relief for our ag haulers. It is clear that the hours of service regulations for truck drivers are inflexible, and they fail to consider the realities that impact our livestock haulers. I filed an amendment with my col-league, the senior Senator from Arkan-sas, which would expand the definition of livestock to include llama, alpacas, live fish, and crawfish. With this ex-panded definition, agricultural haulers would receive exemptions for these products from the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration’s hours of service requirements. This legislation addresses many im-portant issues for Nebraska’s pro-ducers, but it is not perfect. Pesticide applicators in Nebraska are being forced to deal with redundant Federal regulations that provide no environ-mental or water quality benefits, yet they are putting a financial strain on producers. This is a bipartisan issue, and it needs to be addressed. In fact, the EPA, under the Obama administra-tion, supported this fix. I wish this bill did more to cut red-tape and to provide relief for our farm-ers and their families. Additionally, I was disappointed that the bill doesn’t include commonsense flexibilities for the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program. That is why I am a cosponsor to an amendment that would provide our children, no matter where they live, with access to fruits and vegetables, regardless of form. This bi-partisan amendment would ensure that the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Pro-gram does not use our taxpayer dollars to pick winners and losers based on product categories. Instead, this amendment would provide our schools, particularly those in the most rural areas of our country, with more flexi-bility to provide their students with canned or frozen produce that is nutri-tionally equivalent. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I am proud to fight for farmers, ranchers, and producers in the Senate. Our ag producers are God’s gift to Ne-braska and to the world. They are my neighbors and my friends. They are my family. By coming together to pass this pro- farmer, pro-agriculture farm bill, we can secure a better future for our pro-ducers and for our country. Again, I thank Chairman R
OBERTS  and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for their good work on this bill. The House has done their job, and now it is our turn. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
NATIONAL GREAT OUTDOORS MONTH  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, for Mon-tanans, nothing beats getting outside and getting outdoors for hunting, fish-ing, skiing, backpacking, snowmobiling, you name it. It is our way of life in Montana. That is why I am excited to announce that June is National Great Outdoors Month. The outdoor life in Montana has a very special meaning for me. I grew up fishing, hunting, hiking, and skiing, in fact, all over the State of Montana. In fact, in July of 1986, I proposed to my sweet wife Cindy after we hiked to the top of Hyalite Peak, just south of Boze-man. It is a peak a little over 10,000 feet. Seven and a half miles from the trailhead to the top and back was a long 15-mile day, and I am grateful she said yes. In fact, during the summer, I spend a lot of time backpacking in the Beartooths with our family. We bring along our mini Australian shepherds and bear spray. It is good practice. In Montana, outdoor recreation isn’t just our way of life; it is also our econ-omy. In fact, outdoor recreation di-rectly supports some 71,000 Montana jobs and generates $2.2 billion in wages and salaries and an estimate of over $7 billion in consumer spending. We see it every summer, every win-ter, and now every shoulder season that people from around the Nation and around the world come to visit America’s great outdoors, but in Mon-tana, it is all right here, in our very own backyard. Whether it is hiking in Glacier, fly fishing in the Gallatin, Jef-ferson, Madison, Stillwater, Yellow-stone, Missouri, the Big Horn, or skiing in places like Big Mountain, Red Lodge, Bridger, or Big Sky, or floating in whitewater float trips, we are lucky to have all of that right at our finger-tips. That is why it is important to recog-nize the value of the outdoors during National Great Outdoors Month. I think, when you spend time outdoors, you are not only experiencing Mon-tana’s great outdoors, but you are giv-ing back to our local economy and cre-ating jobs. For our young people, get-ting them outside, off their phones, and out into the wilderness is a good thing. I encourage everybody to recognize National Great Outdoors Month by joining me in getting away from the TV, away from the phones, and getting outside—get out there and experience all that the outdoors has to offer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Fri-day, I visited Heartland Alliance, a nonprofit organization in the city of Chicago, which, for more than two dec-ades, has provided care for immigrant children who are classified as unaccom-panied children. The day I visited last Friday was my second visit to one of their nine facili-ties in the city of Chicago. Very few, if any, people in that city—a great city, and I am proud to represent it—even know that Heartland Alliance exists. The children are kept in residential neighborhoods, in places that look like ordinary homes. The only giveaway is the security fence around the building is a little higher than most of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.013 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4387 June 26, 2018 
fences in the neighborhood. That is the only difference. In the busy neighbor-hood, there is a house with dozens of children inside. On the day I was there, Heartland Al-liance of Chicago had 66 children under their care who had been separated from their parents by our Federal Govern-ment over the last several weeks. They were separated under President Trump’s zero tolerance policy. Two- thirds of these 66 zero tolerance chil-dren were under the age of 13. Twenty- two of the children—zero tolerance children, separated from their par-ents—were under the age of 5. I went into the facility’s nursery, where the infants and toddlers were being held, and I couldn’t imagine for a moment what it must have been like when someone reached over and took that infant out of the arms of that mother and decided to transport that baby thousands of miles away. That is what has happened. I met two little girls. I will not use their names, but their ages are 5 and 6. When these tiny, little girls walked into the room together, holding hands, I thought immediately they were twins. They had a Bamm-Bamm hair-style—maybe somebody will remember what I am referring to from the old tel-evision show—and they were as cute as can be. They were holding hands as they walked into the room. I thought, at first, they were twins, and then I re-alized one was a little bit older than the other. So I started asking them questions: their names and their ages and where they were from. They were answering for one another. At the end of it, we asked: Are you sisters? They said: No, ‘‘amigas’’—friends. They, like so many other kids in this situation, were clinging to anything that created a connection in their des-perate little lives. I brought with me some handmade cards that kids from my staff and friends had made to give to them. They were just pieces of construction paper with stickers inside, the kind kids love to make and love to receive. I went around, and I asked each of them if they would like to take one. They took them like they were Christmas toys, and they hung on to them—another connection in a life that, sadly, has be-come disconnected from the reality of their family. I asked the staff at Heartland Alli-ance about these zero tolerance kids. I said: Could you find the parents of these kids if you needed to for a med-ical emergency? They replied: Well, we could try. In some cases, we could, but in many cases, it is like a scavenger hunt. You see, their parents may be moved from place to place, and if something happened, a medical emergency, it would be difficult to find that parent. I thought about that. My little granddaughters and grand-son are 6, 7, 8 years old. If they were brought into a hospital with some seri-ous medical condition, the first thing the doctor wants to know is, what is the history? Has this child had a prob-lem before? These people don’t know. There are no files that are coming with the chil-dren that have their medical history, and, in many cases, there is no way to contact their parents in an emergency situation. This was a gut-wrenching visit. It is still with me today. It is just hard to imagine that the Government of the United States of America would forc-ibly take children away from their par-ents—parents who are seeking a chance at asylum and safety from violence and persecution. I am angry too. I am infuriated that not only have these families not been reunited, but there doesn’t seem to be an effective plan in place to bring these kids back to their parents. How did we reach this point? How, in the history of this country, did we reach the point, where, on April 6, At-torney General Jeff Sessions an-nounced the Trump administration had created a new zero tolerance policy for prosecuting border cases? There is no requirement in law to prosecute every border case crimi-nally—none. These cases could be han-dled under civil law and families can be kept together under the law, but this administration chose to call every per-son at the border a criminal, even those who are fleeing violence and death threats and seeking a chance at asylum. As soon as they allege that the adult at the border is a criminal, then they can rationalize separating the children from these possible criminals, but, in most cases, the overwhelming majority of cases, the only possible crime was the fact that they showed up at the border. As far as we know, more than 2,300 children have been taken away from their parents by the U.S. Government as a result of the zero tolerance policy. They have been transferred to facilities in places far away, sometimes thou-sands of miles away, like Chicago. If the Federal Government separates children from parents while the family is in custody, I believe the government has the solemn obligation to ensure that each child can be located and properly reunited with their parents. Isn’t this basic? But what we hear from advocates and the media is that the ad-ministration’s handling of the reunifi-cation process is a mess. We are at a real risk of lost children, lost in a bureaucratic system, adrift in a bureaucratic sea, who are delayed for who knows how long from seeing their parents again. That is because this was done so quickly, without any real thought to the impact it would have on the children, the impact it would have on the mothers and dads, and the im-pact it would have on the image of the United States around the world. The Trump administration needs to make it an immediate priority to en-sure that children who are separated from parents are brought back to-gether again quickly. Over the weekend, the Department of Homeland Security said the Federal Government ‘‘knows the location of all children in its custody and is working to reunite them with their families.’’ I question that, but I accept it. If it is true, there is no excuse for delay. No law required the administration to separate these families, and we don’t need any new laws to be passed in this Chamber to reunite them. We just need this administration to act, and we need Congress to exert its oversight to verify that the administration is doing what it promised. I have worked for most of my Senate career to pass bipartisan legislation to fix our broken immigration system. Time and again, bipartisan efforts, sup-ported by a majority of Americans, have been blocked by a minority of vocal Republicans. I worked for 6 months with J
OHN M
CCAIN and six other colleagues to write a comprehensive immigration re-form bill, which we brought to the floor of the Senate and passed with an overwhelming vote. It would have cured this problem and many others, but the House of Representatives re-fused to even consider it. Yesterday I sat down with several of my colleagues—Republicans and Demo-crats—to discuss whether we can find a way to pass a law or state of policy to stop the administration from sepa-rating families in the future. I am al-ways happy to sit down, on a bipartisan basis, roll up my sleeves, and try to write a law that might serve the pur-pose of making this a better country, curing the problems we face, and doing it with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, but Pennsylvania Avenue is a two-way street, and over the past few days, President Trump has made state-ments about immigration reform that do not help at all and I believe are con-trary not only to the law and the Con-stitution but the values of our country. Last Friday, President Trump said Republicans should stop ‘‘wasting their time on immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/ women in November.’’ Also, on Friday, he said the stories of children separated from their parents were ‘‘phony’’—‘‘phony.’’ I have seen these kids. These aren’t phony kids, and they aren’t phony stories. On Sunday, the President tweeted: 
We cannot allow all of these people to in-vade our country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no judges or court cases, bring them back from where they came. 
That was the President’s tweet. Statements like that and the Presi-dent’s tweet make a mockery of our Constitution and its solemn guarantee of due process of law. The due process clause of the Con-stitution doesn’t just apply to citizens; it applies to all people in the United States. The idea of abandoning due process when people seek asylum at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.015 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4388 June 26, 2018 
our borders and having, as the Presi-dent said, ‘‘no judges or court cases,’’ is antithetical to the Constitution and its principles. I will continue to work in good faith with my colleagues to see what Con-gress can do, but as long as President Trump is listening to advisers like Ste-phen Miller and making statements like these, it is hard to see how any bi-partisan agreement can be reached on immigration. While Congress works on this issue, the administration has a moral obliga-tion to immediately reunite all fami-lies they have separated under that zero tolerance policy. They also have to make it clear that the President’s Executive order last week will con-tinue to be followed, and they will not separate any more families. The third thing that we clearly need to do is to find a way for those who present themselves at the border to be brought to their hearings in a timely fashion to determine whether they are eligible for asylum. It is that basic. We don’t have to detain them for long peri-ods of time to achieve that. We know there are three ways to get over 90 percent of these people to the hearings as scheduled: No. 1, provide them with the advice of legal counsel; No. 2, provide them with case manage-ment, such as those provided by Lu-theran services, Catholic services, and others, which are willing to counsel them and work with them and tell them what the legal system in America requires; No. 3, in extreme cases, ankle monitors. Over 90 percent of the people show up for hearings with those three basic things. We don’t need to build multimillion dollar detention facilities and internment camps for these fami-lies. For goodness’ sake, we can do this in a humane and constitutional way. Then, we need to address some root causes of this issue. On Friday, in Chi-cago, the regional head of the Drug En-forcement Agency came by to sit down with me, and we talked about the flow of opioids, the flow of heroin, and the flow of fentanyl into my State of Illi-nois. I am sure it is as true in Ohio as it is in Illinois. There is no town too small and no suburb too wealthy not to be hit by this drug epidemic that we are currently facing. I was shocked to learn that in any given month, 2,000 pounds of fentanyl come into the city of Chicago—2,000 pounds—and the Drug Enforcement Agency is lucky to intercept 20 or 30 pounds. The rest of it is going to be consumed and distributed from that city. Where is a lot of it coming from? It is coming from the cartels in Mexico. It isn’t the people from Honduras at the border that pose the threat to America’s security—not nearly as much as this drug epidemic. Keep in mind that it is a two-way street in this drug epidemic. Not only are these Mexican cartels sending these drugs to the United States, killing our kids and killing our neighbors and friends, but we are sending back to them laundered drug money and guns so these cartels can take control in Mexico, in Honduras, in El Salvador, and in Guatemala. When these gangs take control and threaten the lives of people, they flee to the United States looking for protection. It is an endless circle that should be broken by break-ing the supply of drugs coming into this country. Any other President would be sitting down with the leaders of Mexico, El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala, addressing this drug issue head-on. We have seen the tweets about kids who he calls ‘‘phony’’ coming to our border. We need to truly have a meeting of Central American and North American leaders to discuss this drug problem and all of the problems it is creating not only in their countries but in ours. We also need to move forward and pass the Dream Act. I have been trying for a long time here—almost 17 or 18 years now—to pass the law that will allow those who were brought to this country as children a chance to earn their way into legal status. Almost 90 percent of Americans support it. We need to pass it here. Finally, I haven’t given up on com-prehensive immigration reform. For goodness’ sake, we see these problems every day—piecemeal problems, one at a time, trying to address one here and one there. Isn’t it time that we take a look at the whole immigration system and concede that we cannot accept ev-eryone from all over the world who wants to come. We just can’t open our borders for everyone. We need security on our borders. We also need a clear and humane system when it comes to dealing with the current border crisis. I hope this is a goal that even some Republicans can agree on, and it doesn’t take a new law to first reunite these kids with their parents and to take a positive step forward. Let’s get this done before the Fourth of July. Let’s reunite all 2,300 of these children with their parents so we can have the peace of mind that we are dealing with this in an American way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, when I am back home in Wyoming, as I am every weekend, people will often tell me about how they have suffered under the healthcare law known as ObamaCare. I have been able to give them some very good news recently about things that Republicans in Con-gress and this administration have done to help people get out of the ObamaCare problems they have been having and escape some of the prob-lems that have been caused by the law. This is a headline in the Wall Street Journal from June 20: ‘‘Exit From ObamaCare.’’ It is something that I have been working on ever since the law was passed. What I have been able to tell people at home in Wyoming is that we have now scrapped the law’s terribly unpopular individual mandate. We did that successfully this past year so that people aren’t forced to buy in-surance that may not be right for them or their families and, certainly, much more expensive than they would like to pay. That individual mandate was part of the law that said that every Amer-ican—everyone—had to have insurance, not that worked for them but that Washington dictated, even if it wasn’t the right choice for them or their fam-ily. I have told people about the work we have been doing to expand people’s op-tions, their choices, and their freedom to use what are called short-term, lim-ited duration health plans. These are less expensive health plans. They are free from the expensive, intrusive, and burdensome regulations that ObamaCare has placed on the insurance that they have been forced to buy. Thanks to President Trump, I am now able to point to the latest thing that Republicans have done to help millions of Americans get the care they need from a doctor they choose at a lower cost to them. Last week, the Department of Labor expanded the availability of what have been known as association health plans. This Wall Street Journal edi-torial called ‘‘Exit From ObamaCare,’’ I believe, is the best example of it. The idea is very simple. Large em-ployers in this country can offer their workers a variety of good health insur-ance plans, and they can do it because they have the negotiating leverage that comes with a large group of em-ployers. Well, small businesses and people who work for themselves don’t have that same ability, that same le-verage. Their workers are often stuck looking for expensive coverage, and the place where it seems to be most expen-sive, certainly, that I see, is in the ObamaCare markets. So an association health plan lets these groups of individuals, or just in-dividuals themselves, band together and negotiate as if they were one big business. They get much better deals. So maybe it is like all the Lyft drivers or Uber drivers or independent truck drivers working in a State or working across State lines all joining together or the small businesses that are mem-bers of the city’s chamber of com-merce—all of those small businesses doing that. We have seen that in Las Vegas, where the chamber of commerce there has been providing opportunities for all of the small businesses to come together. They have done it for over 30 years, but it was outlawed by the Obama healthcare law. Once again, these businesses can now join together to offer the same opportunities for cov-erage that the healthcare law reserved only for people who worked with big businesses. It is a way for people now— small businesses and their workers—to escape the ObamaCare marketplace that has failed so many people across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.016 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4389 June 26, 2018 
According to one estimate, Ameri-cans who sign up for one of these asso-ciation health plans could save close to $10,000 a year on their premiums com-pared to the individual ObamaCare market. The plans would come with the same protections people get if they do work for large companies and they have the same protections for people with preexisting conditions, which, to me, is critical. My wife is a breast can-cer survivor—multiple operations, chemotherapy. It is important that we continue to protect people with pre-existing conditions, and this does it. We have all the same protections against losing coverage if someone in the family gets sick, but it just allows them to join together in a group to have much better buying opportunities and lower costs. They will have the same protections for people who want to cover their adult children up to 26 years of age. They will have the same bans on lifetime limits for how much the insurance will pay. Where I live in Wyoming, most of the businesses we have are small busi-nesses. It is the nature of our State. It is a rural economy. They are the small shop owners, ice cream stores, and flo-rists on the corners. When I talk to people in Wyoming, every one of them considers themselves a small business in the sense that they don’t really use the word ‘‘small’’ very much because they just think of themselves as busi-nesses in our State, businesses in our communities, businesses that our fami-lies rely on and go to and shop at regu-larly. These are people who want to do right by their workers, and they want to offer a lot of the same benefits that bigger companies have and offer their workers. So this new move by the Trump ad-ministration really does give all of them a chance to do that, specifically when it comes to health insurance and benefits for their employees. So Republican policies have been so successful at creating a thriving and growing economy that we now have more job openings in America than we actually have people looking for work. That is how strong this economic re-covery has become. Small businesses really do need to be able to offer these better health bene-fits in order to compete for workers. They need to be able to compete to pro-vide affordable insurance so they can afford to provide it for their workers. At the same time, people who own in-surance have seen prices more than double under ObamaCare. We need to help those people get back to more rea-sonable rates so they are getting the care they need from a doctor they want at a cost they can afford. When Democrats wrote the healthcare law and passed it on straight party-line votes, they actually targeted small businesses and forced them to pay more. That is hard to be-lieve, but it is true. So Republicans are leveling the playing field. Under this new plan—this exit from ObamaCare—it has been estimated by the Congressional Budget Office that 4 million Americans will sign up for this new option—4 million Americans. That is how popular this is going to be. For people who don’t have insurance right now because they can’t afford it, they are saying that 400,000 more Americans who currently don’t have insurance will be able to get insurance because it will now be affordable for them. So they will finally have a chance to get the high-quality insurance they couldn’t afford under the mandates of ObamaCare. This isn’t something that anyone is going to be required to sign up for. It is something about which people will have the freedom to make decisions and choices and the flexibility to see what works best for them. That is what it is about—freedom and flexibility and choice. People can decide for them-selves if one of these association health plans is the best option for them, the best option for their workers or for their families. They will choose one of these plans only if they decide it gives them better coverage and better value. Isn’t that what people want? They want choices and value for the money they spend. It is interesting that just as a result of the fact that these associated health plans came out and the options were provided, Democrats don’t seem to like the fact that Americans will have this kind of choice. Washington Democrats like to talk about the benefits of union workers being able to get together to negotiate for things like better healthcare, but the same Democrats here in the Senate oppose this new ac-tion by the Trump administration that just lets workers get together to nego-tiate for better, more affordable healthcare coverage. The only dif-ference here is that the Republicans want to give this opportunity to people who are self-employed or who work for small businesses. It does seem to be that the Demo-crats want to reserve the right only for the union members—the big unions— and maybe they are the ones who fund their Democratic campaigns for reelec-tion. There is nothing in the new associa-tion health plans that tries to lure younger, healthy people away from ObamaCare plans. It just says that here is a choice. Nothing requires peo-ple or businesses to participate. It just provides millions of Americans with a choice: ObamaCare or an association health plan. That is the difference. You take a look and see what works best for you. See what you find value in, where you are going to get value for your dollars, and make that decision. Republicans are for opportunities and options. Democrats seem to be more for mandates and restrictions. We like to offer options, opportunities, and openness. I think the American people prefer options in this land of oppor-tunity. Democrats are going to go out on the campaign trail and claim that what we have done now with these association health plans is to sabotage ObamaCare. I have heard them talk. Don’t believe it. If the only way ObamaCare can sur-vive is to force millions of hard-work-ing Americans to pay too much for their health insurance, then, ObamaCare is the problem. Democrats don’t seem to want to admit that. They also don’t really want to change any of the things that are broken in the American healthcare system. They want it to stay broken so they can push the plan for what we have heard some of the Democrats refer to as a single-payer health plan. That is a completely government-run healthcare system, where all of the bills are paid by the taxpayers. It has become the liberal litmus test for the Democrats. We are going to hear them a lot more talking about that in the weeks and months ahead. When I look at that as a doctor who has practiced medicine for 25 years, as an orthopedic surgeon taking care of families in Wyoming, and having taken care of people from Canada, where they have a single-payer system—a government-run system— what I have seen from the patients I have taken care of who have come from Canada to the United States for care— why did they come if it is free in Can-ada?—is that they came because they couldn’t afford to wait as long as they would have to wait to get the care. So when we look at what has been proposed by a number of the Demo-crats, cosponsored by many—a single- payer healthcare system, a govern-ment-run insurance plan—we are talk-ing about a program with higher taxes, longer lines, and fewer choices. I be-lieve that is not what the American people want. What they want is an exit from ObamaCare into much more af-fordable insurance, something that works for them, something where they have an opportunity to make their own choices and have the flexibility to evaluate what is best for them and their families. We are offering real solutions to im-prove healthcare in this country. We are giving families more freedom and more flexibility to choose what works for them, not what Washington dic-tates. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the farm bill— something that we have in common, something that both of our States know is very important for this coun-try’s economy. This legislation is one of the most important chances we have in this Chamber to address one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.018 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4390 June 26, 2018 
most pressing issues in rural parts of our country right now. I want to speak about two of my most urgent priorities for this year’s farm bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting them. The first is the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program, which most of us call SNAP. There are more than 40 million Americans who rely on SNAP every day. More than 40 million people would go hungry if they didn’t have access to SNAP. Many of these Americans are disabled. Many of them are elderly and retired. Nearly half of them are children. Millions of them— and I truly mean millions—are work-ing. Congress should not take SNAP away from hard-working Americans just be-cause they don’t fill out monthly pa-perwork. Last week, the House passed its own version of the farm bill that would do just that. That is shameful. Here is the truth about SNAP. The vast majority of able-bodied adults on SNAP are already working. They are already working. They have jobs. Many of them work several jobs. They are doing everything they can to get ahead, just to have a small slice of the American dream. They still need SNAP. They need SNAP because their wages are too low. To be clear, they already have to fol-low the work requirements. There have been work requirements in place since 1971. But the farm bill would just add more redtape, more paperwork for struggling families just so they could eat dinner. This is the difference between the House farm bill and the Senate farm bill: The Senate farm bill got it right; the House farm bill has created this terrible requirement of paperwork just to get SNAP. One of our House col-leagues said that it is to promote ‘‘self- sufficiency,’’ as if low-income workers on SNAP aren’t already working every waking hour just to scrape by. The House plan is a blatant example of how out of touch Congress is about poverty in this country. It is shameful that some Members of the House from my own State would even support this cruel plan when so many New Yorkers rely on SNAP every single day. I am happy that the Senate farm bill has more heart than that. The bill that came out of committee shows respect for all hard-working families who need SNAP, and now we need to take it a step further to do even more to help hungry children. I am submitting an amendment to the Senate farm bill called the SNAP for Kids Act. It would increase the amount of SNAP funding that families with kids in school are allowed to receive. If we pass this amendment, we will help families stretch their food budgets just a few more days at the end of every month when they need it the most, be-fore the next paycheck comes in, and we will help keep millions of children in this country from going hungry. That should be a priority here—pro-tecting children—for all of us. I have two young children, and I know that many of our colleagues in this Chamber also have young children. Our children will never have to have access to SNAP to get basic nutrition. They will never know what it is like to wake up hungry because their parents didn’t have enough food to feed them a nutritious dinner. I believe at my core that we need to care about other peo-ple’s children as much as we care about our own, so I urge my colleagues to do what is right and support the SNAP for Kids Act. Let’s reject the House of Rep-resentatives’ cruel plan and commit ourselves to protecting SNAP instead of destroying it. The second issue I want to talk about today is dairy prices. My home State of New York is one of the biggest dairy- producing States in the country. We are blessed with thousands of dairy farms and even more hard-working men and women who wake up before the Sun rises every single day to produce the milk that keeps our fami-lies healthy. Unfortunately, over the last few years, our dairy farmers have taken a serious hit from persistently low dairy prices. Many of our dairy farms are op-erating below their cost of production. Over the last decade, dairy farms all over New York have actually had to shut down because of this crisis. Many are currently on the brink of failing. This is what one dairy farmer said: 
It’s stressful. . . . Do I want to wake up and lose $30,000 a day? 
Imagine the pain our dairy farmers and their families suffer when they wake up before dawn, every day, with-out a break, and they still can’t make ends meet and provide for their own children. Imagine the heartbreak and the depression of the last dairy farmer in a family—the one who has to sell the farm despite generations of hard work because he just can’t make ends meet. This is a crisis right in our backyard. It is hurting our agricultural economy. It is hurting our rural communities, and, most of all, it is hurting our farm-ers and their families. One big reason is that our dairy insurance program didn’t work. I have heard from dairy farmers all across New York who have been essen-tially ripped off by the dairy insurance program because the program failed to cover our farmers when they needed it the most—when milk prices have plum-meted. Our dairy farmers need a lifeline, and I was very proud to add a provision to the Senate farm bill for $77 million of those premiums to be returned. This is great news for our dairy farmers, but there is still so much more we can do. I have asked the Secretary of Agri-culture for emergency funding to ad-dress this issue now, but he refuses to help our dairy farmers. I am submitting an amendment that would require the Department of Agri-culture to help our dairy farmers with emergency funding now. I am asking the Secretary of Agriculture for the exact same amount of funding he just gave cotton farmers across this coun-try when they were struggling. The USDA should be fair and treat our dairy farmers with the same sup-port. I want this emergency funding to go directly to those farmers who need it so they can keep producing milk— without going bankrupt—long enough for the industry to come together to balance supply and for Congress to cre-ate a more fair milk pricing system. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment too. It affects all of us. I know you believe our farmers work hard every day. They need our support. I urge all of us to stand with them. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, allow me to say a few words on the passing of a dear friend, Charles Krauthammer. Charles was a giant in the conservative intellectual movement and commu-nity. With his passing, we have lost not only a first-rate political mind but a model of civility. As testament to his decency, leaders on both sides of the aisle paid tribute to Charles over the weekend. Today, I know I speak for people of all political stripes when I say we will miss him dearly. Few were as formidable in debate as Charles Krauthammer. Although his body was confined to a wheelchair, his intellect was boundless. With even keel and gentle voice, he could carefully deconstruct the views of his opponents, expressing his own ideas with preter-natural eloquence. In a political landscape marked by anger and acrimony, Charles stood for reason and respect. Indeed, he was a voice of temperance in intemperate times. While he never backed down in debate, he was also well practiced in the subtle art of disagreeing without being disagreeable. In so many ways, Charles showed us how political dis-course should be: balanced and ration-al, measured and informed, with em-phasis on facts over feeling. I think we can all agree that civility took a beating this weekend, but per-haps the biggest blow was losing Charles Krauthammer—a man who em-bodied civility in his very being. At dif-ferent times throughout our history, we have been called upon to heed the better angels of our nature. Charles was one of those better angels. He rep-resented what we could be if we lis-tened to our better selves and if we lis-tened to each other. As a nation, we have much to learn from the example of Charles Krauthammer. In celebrating the life of an extraordinary man, we must do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.020 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4391 June 26, 2018 
more than pay lipservice to his legacy; we must honor it through our actions. We can do so by being strong in our convictions but soft with our words, by being principled in our positions but respectful of other views in this world. In a word, we can be more civil. Open the newspaper, scroll through Twitter, or simply turn on the TV, and you will see that this Nation suffers from a deficit of civility quite unlike anything I have ever seen. The problem is bad. It is getting worse, and both sides are to blame. Both sides are at fault for escalating the rhetoric to irre-sponsible levels. I have said this many times before, but it bears repeating: Our words have consequences, and in an age of retweets, viral videos, and shareable content, those words often echo well beyond their intended audience and context. It is incumbent upon all of us—from the President, to Congress, on down—to be responsible for our speech. With that, I ask my colleagues, is there a better way to honor the life of Charles Krauthammer than to follow the example of civility he leaves be-hind? May we all, then, recommit our-selves to civility by living as Charles lived. May his memory be a blessing to us all. My wife is a wonderful person. She is a farm girl. She grew up on a farm and really has earned everything she has ever had. She had a brother named Ramon. Ramon was an athlete when he got struck—right before the solutions to his illness were arrived at—and he became crippled. Ramon was one of the finest men I ever met in my life. He was very hurt by this malady that came upon him, but I can remember what a decent, honorable, kind person he was and how he went on and got his master’s degree. He went all the way through undergraduate and got a mas-ter’s degree at Utah State University and then became a major electrical en-gineer in Las Vegas. I remember one time carrying him—he was so light—in my arms through the Los Angeles Temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was one of the finest men I have ever known at any time, anywhere. That is one reason why I recognize Charles so well. Charles Krauthammer is one of the finest men I have known too. He and Ramon were heroes of mine, people who took on the ramifica-tions and difficulties of life and beat them. We are going to miss Charles Krauthammer. Not only was he bril-liant, but he was somebody who made sense. He was somebody who really could relate to everybody. He was a really good person, just like my broth-er-in-law, Ramon, was as good a person as you could have ever thought. I think we all should stop and think about these two lives and recommit ourselves to being more reasonable to our col-leagues. We might all realize there is more to this Earth than just fighting, finding fault, and advancing our own cause. I believe this is the greatest of all legislative bodies. We have come close to doing that—to doing what is right, to showing respect for each other—but we don’t always get there. I am not sure you can always get there. Sometimes you really have to speak out and you have to speak bluntly. I just want to remind people that Charles Krauthammer and my brother- in-law, Ramon Hansen, were two people who literally lived very good lives, set very good examples, and overcame the challenges of being crippled and ter-ribly hurt to rise above and to do things that really made a difference in this world. I wish the Krauthammer family the very best. I care for them. I hope they come and visit once in a while. We lost a great person this weekend; I just wanted to say a few words about it. This is a great body. We have great people on both sides. I would like to see us work better together and accom-plish more together in the best interest of the greatest country on Earth. If we do that, I think we will all, when the time comes, leave this place knowing we had done our best. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, also referred to as the Senate’s farm bill. As a member of the Senate Ag Com-mittee, I was proud to work with Sen-ator R
OBERTS and our ranking member, Senator S
TABENOW of Michigan, to pass a strong farm bill out of committee. Times are challenging in ag country. Commodity prices are low, and our farmers and ranchers face numerous challenges. Net farm income is down 52 percent from where it stood 5 years ago, and bankruptcies are up more than 39 percent from 2014. Moving this farm bill through the Senate will help reduce uncertainty for our ag pro-ducers and will benefit the broader economy. I would like to say and I often say that good farm policy benefits every single American every single day. Think about that. Our farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world, in the history of the world. So every sin-gle day, every American benefits just in that respect and in other respects in terms of the employment that is cre-ated, the positive balance of trade, the innovation, and so many other things. In fact, the crops we grow and the live-stock we raise are used not only for food but also for fuel and fiber. But simply the fact that every single American benefits every day from the highest quality, lowest cost food sup-ply in the world means that when we pass the farm bill, providing good farm policy that helps support our farmers and ranchers so they can continue to provide that food supply for Ameri-cans, we really are doing something for all Americans and something that af-fects their lives, obviously, in a very big way every single day. I am pleased we were able to draft a bill that will give our farmers and ranchers the support they need to con-tinue to produce that food, fuel, and fiber that make our country go and provide the same things to so many in other countries throughout the world. Leading up to consideration of the farm bill, we worked diligently to gather input from farmers and ranch-ers in my State and across the country. Over the past year, I have held roundtables back home. I have hosted Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue so that he could hear directly from our great farmers and ranchers about their prior-ities for this farm bill. I am grateful that the bill includes many of these important provisions and that it will support the great work done by our farmers and ranchers in North Dakota and across the country. I just want to highlight a few of those measures. We have worked hard to ensure that the bill maintains and strengthens crop insurance, which is the primary risk management tool for our producers. Let me emphasize that again. Crop in-surance is the No. 1 risk management tool used by our producers across the country. The farm bill also includes a provi-sion based on a pilot program I have put forward to improve the fairness of ARC, which is the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program, which is a very im-portant part of the countercyclical safety net for our farmers and ranch-ers. So we have ARC, or the Agri-culture Risk Coverage Program, and PLC, the Price Loss Coverage Program, which comprise that safety net—that countercyclical safety net—for our farmers, so that when prices are low, they get help, and when they are high, they don’t. That is the whole idea—to help them through the tough stretches, along with, as I mentioned just a minute ago, crop insurance. The pilot program we incorporated into the bill really allows RMA data, which is the Risk Management Agency data, to be used in addition to the NASS data, or the National Agricul-tural Statistics Service data, which has been used historically and provides flexibility so that you get a good, com-monsense result when you are applying that ARC Program across the country to many different farmers in many dif-ferent circumstances. The legislation also includes in-creased authorization for the Water Bank Program that I advanced, which provides compensation for farmers and landowners for flooded land through 10- year, voluntary conservation agree-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.022 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4392 June 26, 2018 
In addition, I supported measures to help address risks to animal health, livestock export markets, and industry economic stability. That is why I am glad this bill includes a new Animal Disease and Disaster Response Pro-gram, as well as a foot-and-mouth dis-ease vaccine bank. That protects the animals, and that protects all of us as well. This farm bill also prioritizes ag re-search, including supporting important work done at North Dakota State Uni-versity and at the North Dakota Exten-sion Service, which are working to en-hance crop genetics and production. The ag research done in our State and in our other agriculture universities across this Nation have really revolu-tionized farming and ranching. We can grow crops that are disease resistant and raise livestock that is healthier and stronger because of the amazing things that have been done in research. We need to continue that because we not only supply food for this country but really for the world. We are doing things that we never even dreamed of years ago because of the amazing ad-vancements in ag research. In order to allow our producers to continue to compete and excel in the global marketplace, the bill creates, expands, and maintains critical export programs that support U.S. ag prod-ucts. I am pleased that the bill we passed out of our committee preserves the no-cost sugar policy, which ensures that American producers can compete on a level playing field with sugar from around the world. The bill also includes measures im-portant to Tribal communities, includ-ing almost all of the provisions of the Cultivating Resources, Opportunity, Prosperity, and Sustainability for In-dian Country Act, or the CROPS for In-dian Country Act. The CROPS for In-dian Country Act is bipartisan legisla-tion that I introduced and that we passed out of the Indian Affairs Com-mittee, which I chair. There are very important provisions in that bill that we included in this farm bill. I thank both the Ag Committee chairman and the ranking member for working with us to include those provisions in the farm bill. During committee markup, we were also able to strengthen the bill in other ways as well. Another good example and something that we worked very diligently to improve is legislation in regard to the NRCS. Particularly, this legislation will improve NRCS wet-lands determination and ensure that NRCS is working more closely with our producers—by that I mean in a more farmer friendly way. The committee included my amend-ments to increase the participation of Tribal producers on international trade missions, as well as to give Tribal col-leges and universities access to certain grant programs. Another area about which we heard from many concerned farmers and ranchers is access to credit. As they go through these challenging times, they need access to credit. So I offered an amendment in committee, which we passed. It increases the amounts for FSA, or the Farm Service Agency, loan guarantees from about $1.39 million up to about $1.75 million. That is under the guarantee program. We also in-creased the direct loan program from $300,000 to $600,000 on a chattel-type loan and $400,000 on operating loans. Again, this is about making sure farm-ers and ranchers have access to credit. This was advocated for by not only the ag community but also by the fi-nancial community as a way to make sure that we can help farmers through tough times but also so that we can help our young farmers get access to the credit and the capital they need to get into the business of farming. The average age for a farmer now is 60 years old. That is the average age for our farmers across the country. So we have to continue to work to help with the Beginning Farmer and Ranch-er Development Program so that we get young people into the business of farming. It takes more capital to do that, and that is why these programs are so important. I am convinced the farm bill we are considering this week will give our farmers and ranchers the tools they need to succeed in the next 5 years and beyond. Congress has not enacted a farm bill in the same year it was introduced since 1990. So I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this farm bill so that we can continue to provide our ag producers with the tools they very much need. I am going to conclude with some-thing I said at the outset and which I try to remind people of every chance I get, and that is, again, that good farm policy not only benefits our farmers and ranchers, but it benefits every sin-gle American every single day with the highest quality, lowest cost food sup-ply in the world. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I just want to take a moment to thank my friend from North Dakota for his leadership and the valuable input and hard work that he provides to the Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry Com-mittee. We have worked together now on two farm bills and now have worked on the ARC Program and on conserva-tion, trade, and research, but also on the important Tribal provisions that I think are going to have a very positive impact. So I just want to thank Sen-ator H
OEVEN for all of his hard work. Mr. HOEVEN. Will the Senator yield? Ms. STABENOW. I am happy to. Mr. HOEVEN. I thank our ranking member. This is truly a bipartisan bill that we brought out of committee through the hard work and the leader-ship of both our chairman and ranking member. So I appreciate all of her dili-gent, good efforts on the bill. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. JOHNSON ). The Senator from South Da-kota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, agri-culture is the lifeblood of my State of South Dakota. More than 43 million of our State’s roughly 50 million acres are given over to farming and ranching. In fact, cattle actually outnumber people in South Dakota. We have more than four times as many cattle in our State, which is a pretty good example of just how fundamental ranching is to South Dakota life. We routinely place in the top 10 States for production of a num-ber of crops, including soybeans, corn, and wheat. Agriculture isn’t just part of the South Dakota way of life, it is the South Dakota way of life. While I am one of those South Da-kota residents who doesn’t farm a ranch, I have always considered it one of my great privileges to know South Dakota farmers and ranchers and get to represent them in the U.S. Congress. That is why, when I was in the House of Representatives, I chose to serve on the House Agriculture Committee, and that is why I serve on the Senate Agri-culture Committee today. Our biggest job as members of the Senate Agriculture Committee is to work on producing farm bills. These bills set the rules of the road for farm-ers and ranchers. They govern safety net programs like crop insurance and livestock disaster programs, which are so essential for individuals working in an industry where bad weather can wipe out a year’s work and place a fam-ily farm at risk. They set the rules for conservation programs. They cover farm loan programs and much more. This year’s farm bill is particularly important as farmers and ranchers are facing a tough ag economy. Commodity prices have plunged, and net farm in-come is half of what it was 4 or 5 years ago. Now more than ever, farmers and ranchers need to know with certainty what the rules of the road will be so they can plan well for the future. The farm bill we are considering this week is the fourth farm bill I have had the chance to work on during my time in Congress. While there are a handful of things I would like to improve fur-ther, I am pleased with the product we have on the floor today. Given the variety of programs and priorities they cover, farm bills are al-ways a big production. That is why I got a head start on this year’s farm bill last March when I introduced legisla-tion that created a new income protec-tion program for farmers. That bill was the first of nearly a dozen pieces of leg-islation I introduced over the past year. I figured that starting the proc-ess early would allow us to not just re-authorize agricultural programs but to strengthen and improve them, and I am pleased the bill before us today does ex-actly that. I am also pleased several of my pro-posals are included in the bill, al-though the credit for that goes to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.024 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4393 June 26, 2018 
farmers and ranchers who helped in-spire these much needed policies and policy changes. The fact is, nobody knows more about what works and what doesn’t work when it comes to agriculture policy than the people out there every day working to make a liv-ing at farming and ranching. That is why I make it a point to meet regularly with South Dakota farmers and ranchers to hear how things are going directly from them. They let me know which agriculture programs are working, which aren’t, and which can be improved. Many of my proposals for this year’s bill are the direct result of conversations with farmers and ranchers back in South Dakota. Perhaps the prime example of that is my proposal to help improve the accu-racy of the U.S. Drought Monitor. In April of this year, I held an agricul-tural roundtable in Rapid City, SD. During this event, several ranchers shared their concerns about accurate precipitation measurement. Accurate precipitation measurements matter to ranchers because this data is used to determine whether ranchers qualify for grazing loss assistance and livestock forage loss assistance when weather conditions threaten their feed supplies and the well-being of their herds. Ranchers have been frustrated by in-consistent rainfall and drought deter-minations at the Department of Agri-culture. This spring, after last summer’s drought, for example, the U.S. Forest Service determined that some Federal grazing lands in western South Dakota were too dry and consequently reduced the number of livestock ranchers can graze on U.S. Forest Service lands. That left ranchers struggling to find sufficient grazing lands for their cattle. However, last year, the Drought Monitor classified that same area as not dry enough to trigger eligibility for the Livestock Forage Program, which provides assistance to ranchers whose pastures have suffered grazing losses due to drought. Obviously, this kind of inconsistent monitoring and resulting inconsistent Federal assistance is a problem, and the ranchers in April let me know just how much of a problem it can be. So I came back to Washington and worked with my staff to develop legis-lation to improve the accuracy of the Drought Monitor and to require the Department of Agriculture to use con-sistent precipitation monitoring data across its programs. I am happy to re-port that my Drought Monitor legisla-tion was adopted as part of the farm bill that is before the Senate today. I am also proud that the farm bill in-cludes authorization for a program I proposed that would strengthen soil health by reducing farmers’ crop insur-ance costs. All farmers are familiar with the Conservation Reserve Program, or CRP, which provides incentives for farmers to take environmentally sen-sitive land out of production for 10 to 15 years, but a lot of farmers have told me they don’t want to retire portions of their land for a decade or more, and they don’t want to place expensive seed, fertilizer, and other inputs on their poorest land, especially now, when prices are at such low levels. To address this, in March of last year, I offered a bill to create a new program called the Soil Health and In-come Protection Program. This pro-gram would provide a new, short-term option for farmers that would allow them to take their worst performing cropland out of production for 3 to 5 years instead of the 10 to 15 years re-quired by CRP rules. In return for taking this land out of production, farmers would receive a modest rental payment and increased crop insurance premium discounts. This program would accomplish the dual goals of protecting the environ-ment while improving the bottom line for farmers. I am very pleased that the authorization for the Soil Health and Income Protection Program was in-cluded in the farm bill we are consid-ering today. A number of other proposals I intro-duced also made it into the bill, includ-ing proposals to improve the Agri-culture Risk Coverage Program, pro-posals to provide pasture, rangeland, and forage insurance premium assist-ance for Native American ranchers and proposals to increase the approval rate of the Livestock Indemnity Program applications. One proposal I am still working to get included in the bill is a proposal to allow more flexibility in the Conserva-tion Reserve Program haying and graz-ing policies. The CRP program plays a significant role in South Dakota’s economy. It provides a major portion of the habitat for pheasants, which bring in about $200 million each year to South Dakota’s economy. Farmers have spent years frustrated with the Department of Agriculture’s management of the CRP program, par-ticularly the program’s sometimes ex-cessive restrictions on land use and re-quirements to destroy vegetative cover under midcontract management, even in drought years when feed supplies are short. The proposal I am working to get in-cluded in the final bill will allow haying on one-third of all CRP acres and limited grazing on most CRP land. This commonsense reform, along with other CRP reforms I have proposed that are included in the bill in front of us today, will address some of the farmers’ major concerns with current land use rules for acres that are en-rolled in the CRP program. As I mentioned, there are a few areas where I think we could have done more or gone further to make improvements. I have proposals to further increase CRP acres and proposals to make addi-tional improvements to the Agri-culture Risk Coverage Program—or the ARC Program. I think we have a strong bill before us today. I am grateful for the leader-ship of our Agriculture Committee chairman, Senator R
OBERTS , and the ranking member, Senator S
TABENOW . All too often these days, measures that should be collaborative fall victim to partisanship, but the debate over the farm bill was collegial and collabo-rative, and we produced a strong bipar-tisan bill as a result. It takes a special kind of person to be a farmer or a rancher. There are no set hours and no paid vacations. Bad weather isn’t just an inconvenience, it jeopardizes your entire livelihood. Your job is filled with late nights and early mornings. You can sit up all night with a sick calf and then have to get out there sleepless the next morn-ing to work a full day in the fields. The work is physically demanding, and it is performed no matter what the weath-er—blazing Sun, freezing cold, or blow-ing snow or rain. Believe me, we have all of the above in South Dakota. We don’t see the backbreaking work, the sweat and tears that have gone into the production of that gallon of milk we pick up at the grocery store on our way home, but every time we go to that grocery store, we are the bene-ficiaries of the courage, the dedication, and hard work of our Nation’s farmers and ranchers. They feed our country, and they literally feed the world. I am grateful so many farmers and ranchers call South Dakota home, and I hope the bill that is before us today will help make their jobs just a little bit easier in the future. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I just want to take a moment before the senior Senator from South Dakota leaves the floor to thank him for his leadership on so many provisions of this bill. I think the soil health provi-sions are really important, the changes in ARC, and I am really glad we were able to work together to address many of the issues the Senator from South Dakota raised on the Conservation Re-serve Program. I very much appreciate all of his hard work in getting us to a place where we have a good bill. I know the Senator from South Da-kota has other thoughts as well. We will continue to work together to con-tinue to improve it, but I very much appreciate all of the Senator’s hard work. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
EPA ADMINISTRATOR PRUITT  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as I rise for my 209th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ climate change speech, I return to a fa-miliar subject: disgraced Environ-mental Protection Agency Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt. Not that long ago, I was here dis-cussing the baker’s dozen of ethical scandals swirling around Pruitt. From his $43,000 ‘‘cone of silence’’ phone booth to the millions he spent on a 20- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.027 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4394 June 26, 2018 
person security detail, to his lights- and-sirens escapades, to fancy DC res-taurant Le Diplomate, Pruitt has come to personify the swamp President Trump promised to drain. And he just keeps on getting swampier. In just the few weeks since my last speech on Pruitt, we have learned that he used one of his closest aides to plan his vacations, hunt for a Washington apartment, and, most bizarrely, solicit a used hotel mattress from the Trump Hotel. The aide did many of these tasks on government time when she was sup-posed to be working for taxpayers. That is a clear violation of Federal em-ployment rules. Federal rules also bar officials such as Pruitt from accepting gifts from their subordinates, including these kinds of personal services even on personal time. So one way or the other, this was pretty swampy. We also learned, in a scene worthy of the finest banana republic, that Pruitt had his staffer approach the founder of the fast food chain Chick-fil-A about securing a franchise for Pruitt’s wife. As the New York Times recently wrote, ‘‘Grifters Gonna Grift.’’ But with all deference to the editorial writ-ers at the Times, I would add that Pru-itt’s actions aren’t just matters of grift; they also reveal his servility to the interests of his fossil fuel backers over the interests of the American pub-lic. My Republican colleague, Senator E
RNST of Iowa, recently said that Pru-itt’s efforts to undermine the renew-able fuel standard, including the abun-dance of waivers for refiners, amount to broken promises to American farm-ers. ‘‘He is about as swampy as you get here in Washington, DC,’’ she said. Amen. You would think that someone so corrupt would not be long for a Presi-dent’s Cabinet. You would be wrong. Just last week, in the face of all of Pruitt’s latest scandals, President Trump reaffirmed his support for his EPA Administrator, saying that the Agency is doing really, really well under Pruitt. The President doesn’t see anything wrong with having someone as scandal-plagued as Pruitt in his Cab-inet. What he can see is that the fossil fuel industry is solidly lined up behind its servant, Pruitt. He has oil company interests and the front groups they fund telling him to keep Pruitt on the job because Pruitt is rolling back regu-lations polluters don’t like. Let’s look at how well Pruitt is real-ly doing for the polluters. Let’s start with Pruitt’s record in the courts. A number of EPA’s regulatory ac-tions or its failures to regulate have been challenged in court. Republicans continue to rubberstamp Trump’s activist, extreme-rightwing, and polluter-friendly judicial nomi-nees, but American courts nevertheless remain a forum in which outright lies are not countenanced and in which reg-ulatory agencies such as EPA have to demonstrate the scientific, technical, economic, and legal basis of their regu-latory decisions. An agency whose po-litical leadership dissembles or doesn’t do its homework won’t do well in court. So how has Scott Pruitt’s EPA fared in the courts? In two words, not well. Our Environment and Public Works Committee ranking member, TOMCAR-
PER, recently released a report ana-lyzing Pruitt’s record in court. As you can see from this chart, 66 cases have been filed against Pruitt’s EPA in rela-tion to ethics and transparency. I know this comes as little shock, given Pru-itt’s numerous and continuing ethical shortcomings. Of the 14 of these ethics cases that have already been decided by a judge, EPA lost 13 of them. That is a 7-percent success rate for Pruitt. The other 79 cases challenge EPA’s reg-ulatory actions or inactions. This is what Pruitt is supposed to be there for—rolling back rules protecting public health and the environment to make his fossil fuel patrons happy. This is why he still has industry sup-port. This is why he is still running EPA despite all the scandals. You can be corrupt in this administration as long as you are corrupt for the right people. Of the six of these cases that have been fully reviewed by the courts, Pru-itt’s EPA lost four of them, succeeded in delaying arguments on one, and got another dismissed on mootness grounds after withdrawing the challenged rule. In other words, Pruitt is zero for six before the courts when it comes to de-fending his regulatory rollbacks. Pru-itt is a former baseball player, so he will understand it when I say that he is batting way below the Mendoza line. The courts have blocked Pruitt’s at-tempt to delay the implementation of a rule curbing methane emissions from new oil and gas wells. Methane, of course, is a powerful greenhouse gas that contributes to climate change. The courts also blocked Pruitt’s effort to slow-walk EPA’s revision of lead paint standards. Pruitt wanted another 6 years to revise the standards, and the courts gave him 90 days. Many of Pruitt’s biggest deregula-tory actions, after a splashy announce-ment, have yet to even be finalized, so they aren’t yet ripe for judicial review. But even on these half-baked rollbacks, Pruitt is making mistakes that will provide ample ammunition in court for those who will sue him. Take Pruitt’s rulemaking to rescind the Clean Power Plan—President Obama’s blueprint to reduce carbon emissions from the power sector. As Oklahoma attorney general, Pruitt sued three times to block the Clean Power Plan. He has a long record against the Clean Power Plan in the press, at industry conferences, and on social media. Many of the same fossil fuel industry donors who have bankrolled Pruitt’s political career are on the other side, suing to block the Clean Power Plan. Pruitt has not even revealed the full depth of his fiscal engagement with the fossil fuel industry because he has never fessed up to who gave money to his dark money political operation, so it is actually probably worse than we know. Well, here is where America’s rule of law kicks in. America’s rule of law pro-vides that those who are interested in an agency rulemaking ‘‘have a right to a fair and open proceeding; that right includes access to an impartial deci-sion maker.’’ Here, given Pruitt’s stri-dent opposition to the Clean Power Plan as attorney general, combined with his sickeningly close financial and political ties with the industry op-posing it, can there be any doubt that Pruitt possesses what under law one would call an unalterably closed mind when it comes to the Clean Power Plan? Courts will take notice of that sort of thing. Then there is Pruitt’s effort to ex-clude certain scientific studies from consideration in rulemaking. Pruitt claims it is to boost transparency. That couldn’t be phonier. It is an effort to boost two industries that are big do-nors to his political operations—fossil fuel and tobacco. For decades, fossil fuel and tobacco have pushed to prevent regulatory agencies from considering scientific studies that rely on people’s medical records. They have figured out that be-cause people like their medical records to be private and because public health studies rely on private medical records, if they can cook up the notion that that is somehow a transparency prob-lem, they can take the entire corpus of public health science based on medical records and put it in the bin. Blocking that public health evidence is a way for these industries to screen out the most damning evidence in actual Americans’ actual health records of the effects of tobacco smoke and air pollution on human health. Pruitt’s own Science Advisory Board isn’t buying that one. He rebuffed the Board’s request for information about this proposed rule and issued it with-out the Board’s input. When he claimed that his proposed rule was consistent with the position of various scientific journals and groups, those journals and groups stood up and said: Oh, no. They were quick to correct the record. And EPA’s Science Advisory Board just voted unanimously to examine the pol-icy anyway. You might think that such a rule may also exclude some industry-funded studies, but never fear—internal emails obtained by the Union of Concerned Scientists show that Pruitt’s lackeys, themselves former industry lobbyists, knew they had to make sure industry studies could still be considered by EPA. It would be great to take all of the real public health studies that rely on real healthcare information, pretend that is a transparency problem, shove them off to the side, and then have in-dustry-funded studies left to rely upon. Well, the Pruitt lackeys pulled a little trick and put in the proposed rule that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.028 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4395 June 26, 2018 
the Administrator can include any study he likes, regardless of what the rule may require, opening up a nice, safe harbor for his industry sponsors’ industry-funded studies. All of this sounds pretty arbitrary and capricious to me. And ‘‘arbitrary and capricious’’ by the way, is the legal standard courts will use to evaluate challenges to this phony baloney rule. Pruitt’s drive to weaken fuel econ-omy standards also looks to be on shaky legal ground. They cobbled to-gether a 38-page document in April an-nouncing Pruitt’s intention to roll back the 2012 auto fuel efficiency standards. That cobbled-together re-port is devoid of the type of serious, de-tailed analysis that courts typically look for in such a rulemaking. Half of that little document is just quotes from car companies objecting to the rule. By comparison, the Obama ad-ministration assembled a 1,217-page document justifying those standards, chockful of real scientific, technical, and economic analysis—all of the stuff the Pruitt EPA is allergic to. Once again, Pruitt’s work product looks pretty arbitrary and capricious— short on facts, short on analysis, long on giveaways to industries that fund him. It is entirely understandable that the interests to which Pruitt is be-holden would be fighting for him to keep his job. They love this. For them, Pruitt running this public health agen-cy into the ground is a feature, not a bug, of the Pruitt tenure. They are just in it for the regulatory rollbacks. I hope they recognize a lot of Pruitt’s work is so sloppy that, ultimately, it will likely not stand up in court. I hope President Trump understands the guy he thinks of as his great deregulator isn’t very good at deregulating. Only time will tell how long Scott Pruitt can survive the mounting, swirl-ing, ethical ordeals of his own making. We will also see how his industry friendly regulatory record fares under the scrutiny of honest courts. Some-thing tells me I will be back here in the not-too-distant future with more to say about the troubled and disgraceful tenure of Scott Pruitt. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, over the past few days, the issue of family separation has reached a fever pitch. All you have to do is look at the daily newspapers or cable television, and you know that is true. This is a crisis that has been brewing since the surge of young migrants across our border way back in 2014 and is just now reaching a new peak. I have said it before, and I will say it again: I find it ridiculous to suggest that members of my political party— the Republican Party—somehow sup-port the idea of separating families. No one wants families separated. No one wants to see families exploited. To sug-gest otherwise is to feed the frenzy that has been whipped up over the last few days. Lost in this frenzy is the reality that the only groups standing to truly ben-efit while America is divided are smug-glers, drug cartels, and human traf-fickers. They know about the weak-nesses and loopholes in our current im-migration law, and they aren’t afraid to use those weaknesses and loopholes. For these people, it is all about profit. Smugglers, drug cartels, and human traffickers don’t care about human lives. In 2015 and 2016, I questioned the Obama administration’s Department of Homeland Security after receiving re-ports that human trafficking was in-creasing, and some smugglers weren’t being arrested even after smuggling people across the border dozens of times. The lack of consequences emboldened these smugglers. At that time, I also asked the Obama Department of Homeland Security about a dangerous tactic used by smug-glers to pair kids with unrelated adults to create the appearance of a family unit. The word ‘‘appearance’’ is key here. Knowing the legal loopholes better than most, these smugglers knew that our laws, like the Flores settlement agreement, prevented family deten-tion. Flores vs. Reno effectively prohibits the government from maintaining cus-tody of immigrant children even when they are with their families. Through this agreement, the government had sent the message that if you come alone, you will be detained, but if you come with a family, and as a family, you will likely be released. Under-standing this, these smart smugglers knew they could sell this false freedom and build a cruel new business model. In 2015, I was horrified to learn that human smuggling rings were exploiting children and selling them to the high-est bidder to get to the United States and avoid detention. That is right. Smugglers would use kids like pawns in an effort to help adults avoid deten-tion when coming across the border. To truly help families, any solution we come up with must protect against this evil stunt by the smugglers. Department officials reported that kids were being kidnapped, or adopted, and then smuggled with their unre-lated adult so-called ‘‘family member’’ to the United States. U.S. Government officials work closely with foreign officials, trying to locate and safely return these kid-napped children to their mothers and fathers. Unfortunately, this doesn’t al-ways happen. For example, a woman paid a smuggling organization in Brazil $13,000 in fees to smuggle her to the United States. She flew from her home country of Brazil to Mexico, where she was paired with a minor child. She was then instructed to claim the child as her own upon arrival to the United States. After learning about this scam, ICE intervened, and the woman was re-moved. The child, however, was never found. She will never be reunited with her real family. She is likely separated from that real family forever. That is all because the flaws in our current im-migration system permitted—and even encouraged—her to be trafficked. I heard just yesterday that U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection has tempo-rarily stopped referring cases for crimi-nal prosecution, but that is exactly what the Obama administration did during their tenure. It is exactly why we are dealing with this terrible situa-tion that separates children and fami-lies in the first place. Failure to refer cases for prosecution will only give a green light to these smugglers, once more putting at risk the very kids we are worried about protecting, and we ought to be worried about protecting them. This tactic of creating fake family units isn’t new and isn’t limited to just a one-time deal. Last week, Secretary Nielsen reported that this tactic is still being utilized. She stated: In the last five months, we’ve had a 314 percent increase in adults and children arriv-ing at the border, fraudulently claiming to be a family unit. This is, obviously, of con-cern. 
These fake family units are often provided with fraudulent documents to support that the group is actually a family unit when we all know it is not a family unit. There is a whole indus-try that exists to create fake birth cer-tificates and many other documents that show a familial relationship. As the tactic to create these fake family units has become more popular, the un-derground market has exploded. Smug-glers are very smart, and many of them are masters of gaming our immigration system. Let me reiterate that the way the Flores vs. Reno agreement is currently applied, the government can’t keep im-migrant children even if they are with their parents. Flores discourages the Federal Government from keeping fam-ilies together in Department of Home-land Security custody. If we remedy this situation, not only would we be able to keep families together, but we would also be telling the smugglers who profit from this that their days of making millions of dollars off the most vulnerable are over. The most vulner-able—the kids we are talking about— aren’t getting the protection they ought to get when they are separated from their parents. To me, the answer to this problem appears to be very simple. We should repeal the Flores decision only as it ap-plies to accompanied children so that the Department of Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.030 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4396 June 26, 2018 
can keep families together in family residential centers. That is very sim-ple, and that is very quick. That is why, last week, I worked hand in hand with Senator T
ILLIS to produce a bill that would do just that. Senator T
ILLIS ’s thoughtful bill, in addition to repealing parts of the Flo-res decision, would also allow more im-migrant court judges to be hired and would provide for detained families to have their cases heard first. Senator T
ILLIS ’s bill would imme-diately end this crisis and wouldn’t re-turn us to the failed catch-and-release policies that even the former Obama Department of Homeland Secretary, Jeh Johnson, has acknowledged are poor public policies. I hope my colleagues will join with Senator T
ILLIS and this Senator to fix this problem. The American people are counting on it. Thousands of families are depending upon it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
A LIVING WAGE  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we know Americans work harder and longer than ever before and have less and less to show for it. Hard work doesn’t pay off the way it used to. Workers in Ohio have known that for a long time—that their paychecks don’t stretch far enough. This month, the State’s second largest newspaper, the Columbus Dis-patch, reported on just how bad things are for far too many Ohioans. The Dispatch reported on a new study by the National Low Income Housing Coalition and the Coalition on Homelessness and Housing in Ohio that found—get this—that only 2 out of the 10 most common jobs in Ohio pay enough for one to be able to afford a modest two-bedroom apartment. Think about the number of people who work in fast-food restaurants. Think of the number of people who clean hotel rooms. Think of the num-ber of people who are orderlies in big hospitals. Think of the number of peo-ple who do clerical work or who are bank tellers who simply don’t make enough to live any kind of a lifestyle which, when they were kids, they ex-pected to live. Look at it this way. Average renters in Ohio earn just over $13 an hour—$2 less than the $15.25 an hour they need to rent a basic two-bedroom. Now, that is statewide, but in Columbus, which is the State’s largest city, it is worse. You need to earn $17.50 per hour to rent a basic two-bedroom apartment. Policy Matters Ohio has also done great work in shining a light on work-ing Ohioans. Its report this spring found that last year, 6 of the 10 most common jobs in our State paid so little that workers would need food stamps to feed a family of 3. Six of the ten most common jobs in Ohio paid so lit-tle that workers would need food stamps if there were three in the household. Think of what this means. These are Ohioans who are doing everything we have asked. They hold down jobs. They get up every day. They go to work. They serve their communities. They are holding up their end of the bar-gain—the bargain we are supposed to have in this country. Yet the corpora-tions they work for don’t pay them what they are worth. It is not just the workers in these jobs who get hurt by this, it is obviously their families, and, interestingly, it is the taxpayers. Here is why: When corporations refuse to pay workers living wages, when they refuse them opportunities to save for retirement, when they refuse to provide decent healthcare, they cre-ate a drag on the economy. Do you know why? It is because taxpayers pick it up. Someone has to pick up the tab when corporations pay $9 and $10 and $11. I was at my high school reunion a couple of years ago. At dinner, I sat across the table—my wife and I did— from a woman who has worked for a bank, for a very well-known, huge na-tional bank. She had worked there for 30 years as a teller, and she made $30,000 a year, after 30 years, working as a teller. So what happens to people like her? The taxpayers end up helping to fi-nance their, generally, barely adequate standards of living. I will get to that in a second. No one who works 40 hours should be forced onto food stamps or housing vouchers or Medicaid or other govern-ment aid just to stay afloat. American citizens—American taxpayers— shouldn’t be forced to subsidize wages for megacorporations. Yet that is what is happening in Ohio, what is hap-pening in Wisconsin, and what is hap-pening around the country. If people are making $10 an hour, they are probably getting their insur-ance from Medicaid, which is paid for by taxpayers. They are probably get-ting the earned-income tax credit, which is a refundable tax credit that is provided by taxpayers. They are prob-ably getting food stamps, which are provided by taxpayers—the SNAP ben-efit. They are probably getting housing vouchers. What this means is, because a company only pays $10 an hour, tax-payers have to provide the rest, so tax-payers are fundamentally subsidizing them. Think of these huge retail operations in this country. Think of these huge fast-food restaurants. Think of the ex-ecutives for those corporations who are making $2 million, $5 million, $10 mil-lion a year. They are not paying their line workers anything close to their economic value. Do you know what happens then? It means taxpayers are subsidizing these huge companies with their exorbitant executive salaries. This month, the Dispatch talked with a home health aide who lives on the east side of Columbus. Her name is Karon Taylor. Ms. Taylor works hard to support her daughter and grand-children. She only makes $11 an hour, which is well below the $17 I mentioned that you need in Columbus to be able to afford a family apartment. She re-lies on federally subsidized housing. She told the Dispatch: I know how to budget, and I can stretch $20 really far. Wages—that’s the problem. 
She works hard, and she does her part, but she needs help to make ends meet because companies refuse to pay workers like her a living wage. It doesn’t have to be that way. Last year, as some in this body re-member, I introduced a bill called the corporate freeloader fee. It works this way: If you are a huge corporation—I am not talking about a mom-and-pop restaurant, and I am not talking about a lawn care service with 10 employees or about one who is self-employed or about one with 30 employees or even 100 employees; I am talking about large corporations, if you choose to pay your workers so little that they are dis-proportionately forced onto govern-ment assistance so that they are eligi-ble for all of these programs—again, food stamps, Medicaid, the earned-in-come tax credit, subsidized housing— you need to reimburse American tax-payers. You are a huge corporation. Your ex-ecutive vice presidents make $1 mil-lion; the senior executive vice presi-dent makes $5 million; the CFO makes $7 million; the CEO makes $10 million. Yet you are paying your workers $10, $11, and $12 an hour, and they go onto government assistance. Do you know what? Instead of passing the Senate tax bill that gave all kinds of tax bene-fits to the rich—the bill that was nego-tiated down in the majority leader’s of-fice, where all of the special interest lobbyists scurried in and out when you turned the lights on—if we had passed the tax bill with my patriot employer tax credit, which I will talk about in a moment, and with the corporate free-loader fee, we would have seen a very different tax bill. We would have seen a tax bill that would have said to these companies: Pay your workers a little better, and you will get a little better of a tax break. If you are a huge corporation and you pay your workers so little that they are forced to go onto government as-sistance, you reimburse American tax-payers. That is the corporate free-loader fee. On the other hand, if you are a company like a whole lot of com-panies in my State and you pay good wages—if you pay $15 an hour or more—and offer good benefits and if you keep jobs in this country and pro-duction in this country, if you don’t offshore your production to Mexico or China, then you get a tax cut. That is the patriot employer tax credit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.031 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4397 June 26, 2018 
Months and months ago, I spoke to the President of the United States in a discussion with about 10 Senators—in the Cabinet room—about these two ideas. The President said he liked the patriot employer tax credit, giving tax benefits to those who do the right thing. Apparently, he seemed to like the corporate freeloader fee also, pun-ishing those corporations that don’t do the right thing and making them sim-ply pay a fee to the government for that. In the end, the President of the United States joined the majority lead-er and the Speaker of the House in writing a tax bill, whereby, 5 years from now, 80 percent of the benefits in that tax bill will go to the richest 1 percent of the people in the country. Imagine instead if that tax bill had actually been written like this—in a way that would have seen wages go up and the standard of living go up. In-stead, the special interests went to work. Instead of tax reform that would have given companies real incentives to invest in workers, we got a tax cut that will lead to billions in stock buybacks that will benefit corporate executives. In that meeting at the White House, the President also said: Our tax bill is going to mean a $4,000 to $9,000 raise for the average American worker per year. I am like, really? Nothing even close to that has hap-pened. Instead, what companies have done is they have taken their largesse that has been provided by middle-class and working-class taxpayers—the 80 percent of benefits going to the 1 per-cent wealthiest people in corpora-tions—and they have done stock buybacks. They have increased their own executive compensation. Workers have gotten almost nothing. Workers have gotten squeezed on both ends, whereby paychecks haven’t grown fast enough, corporations have paid pov-erty-level wages, and housing has got-ten more expensive. Think of this. One-quarter of rent-ers—one-quarter of the people who rent in my State, who are not much dif-ferent than those who are anywhere else—pay half of their income in hous-ing. There are 400,000 renters in Ohio who pay half of their income or more in housing. Do you know what that means? It means, if the car breaks down, it means if a kid gets sick, it means if you miss work for 2 weeks for some reason, you are probably going to get evicted. It happens every day in every city, in every community, in every rural area in my State. We know we need to do more to pre-serve and grow our stock of affordable housing in this country. Instead, the administration is making it worse. It has proposed to hike rents by 20 per-cent for almost all Ohio families who receive housing assistance. In going back to Ms. Taylor in Co-lumbus, OH, she is a home health aide. She still isn’t paid enough. Average rents for Columbus families would go up by a projected 22 percent. Do you think her company is going to pay her 22 percent more or even 10 percent or 5 percent more? Her housing costs would go up because of a decision by Dr. Car-son—ratified by the White House—to cut that help, to reduce that help. Housing, healthcare, education, gas, and transportation are all getting more expensive. Workers wages aren’t keep-ing up because corporations don’t value workers. We know one solution to this prob-lem—giving workers a voice in the workplace. A single worker can’t take on a corporation. A single worker can’t take on the CEO and can’t take on the behemoth in the executive suite. That is why you need collective bargaining. Last September, 400 security officers in Columbus got raises—from as low as $9 an hour to a minimum of $12.45 an hour. They signed their first union con-tract with the Service Employees International Union, Local 1. That union card bought them a minimum $2.50 raise. That is still below what workers need, but it is progress. They joined together, and they demanded a unified voice in the companies they helped to build. It is not just unions. We need stronger workplace standards to make sure workers get the pay they earn. In Columbus, OH, 2 years ago, I stood with the Vice President of the United States and the Secretary of Labor, and we announced an overtime rule, where-in 130,000 Ohioans would get a pay in-crease or would work fewer hours for the same amount of money. Here is how it works: If you are the supervisor on the night shift at a fast- food restaurant and you are making $35,000 a year and your company—a fast-food restaurant, a big national company—decides to call you manage-ment, it can make you work 50 hours, 60 hours, 70 hours a week and pay you not a cent of overtime. So this updat-ing of the Federal overtime rule that we did—that the Secretary of Labor did, with Vice President Biden and President Obama, 2 or 3 years ago or so—said that 130,000 Ohioans would get paid time and a half for that 50th or 55th hour, instead of going straight sal-ary just because the company classified no overtime. Unfortunately, the folks in the White House—the folks who promised to drain the swamp—have sided with the fast food restaurants and with the big employers, and they are trying to strip away that overtime rule so those work-ers will continue to have to work 50 or 60 hours and not get a dime for it, meaning less time for their children, less time with their families, less lei-sure time, less pay—all of that. So, fundamentally, whose side are these people on? They are always on the side of the wealthy. They are al-ways on the side of the richest corpora-tions. They are always on the side of the privileged. They are never on the side of people who fight, work, and struggle just to stay above water. At the same time, we need to go after cor-porations that misclassify their work-ers. They pretend they are independent contractors so they can avoid paying into Medicare and Social Security and paying their share of taxes and wages. From housing to wages to workers’ rights, we need to change how we think about these issues. It is not multinational corporations that drive the economy. It is workers. Since 2010, since the auto rescue, every single month from 2010 until this month at least, June 2018, we have had an increase in the number of net jobs created in this country—every month since 2010. Granted, the President’s comments notwithstanding, the growth in jobs in 2017 was less than the 5 years before. We have had a slowly increasing economy where job growth isn’t as big as we want and wage growth certainly isn’t as big as we want, but we have seen it because in 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013, the government understood that you grow an economy from the middle up. You don’t give tax cuts to the rich-est people saying it is going to trickle down. You give tax breaks and focus on growth in the economy in the middle level, so that workers making min-imum wage get raises. As I said, it is not multinational corporations that drive the economy, it is workers mak-ing the minimum wage, workers paid in tips, workers on factory floors, workers behind desks, workers in hos-pital wards, in restaurant kitchens, and in classrooms, and workers on sal-ary and workers punching the clock. It is about fighting for the little guy, whether she punches a clock or wheth-er he works in an office; fighting for the little guy, whether she works con-struction or whether he works in man-ufacturing; fighting for the little guy, whether he sits behind a computer ter-minal or whether she is midlevel man-agement in a fast food restaurant. You grow the economy from the middle class out. But if you don’t value work, Ameri-cans can’t earn their way to a better life for their family, no matter how hard they work. That is what people around here don’t understand. I sat at this desk watching a very close vote last year where 49 of my colleagues—49 out of 100 colleagues—all of whom have government-paid health insurance, stood on this floor and voted yes to taking away insurance from 900,000 people in my State, and in Wisconsin from 400,000 or 500,000 people. People who have government insurance paid for by taxpayers, who are U.S. Senators who have these jobs, who have these ti-tles, who have this income and these benefits, were willing to take insurance away from millions of people, and hun-dreds of thousands of people in my State alone. Again, if work isn’t valued, if my col-leagues in this body don’t understand the value of work—and they don’t seem to, frankly, with the way so many of my colleagues vote—Americans can’t earn their way to a better life for their families—again, no matter how hard they work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.033 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4398 June 26, 2018 
That is what we have to change. Until Wall Street, corporate board-rooms, and Members of the Senate re-spect a hard day’s work, we will con-tinue to see the consequences. The gap between Wall Street and Main Street will keep growing, it will be harder and harder for workers to afford housing and other expenses. Our middle class will continue to shrink, as it has, and our economic growth will continue to lag behind. We can work together to fix that. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROBERTS. For the information of our colleagues, the Senate will pro-ceed to the bill tomorrow morning at 10 a.m., and the amendment process will begin. After Senator S
TABENOW and I offer the bipartisan substitute, the first amendment offered on this side will be the Thune amendment on the Con-servation Reserve Program. There will be no further rollcall votes tonight. I yield to my distinguished colleague, the ranking member of the committee, Senator S
TABENOW . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am pleased that we are moving forward and looking forward to the first amend-ment we will be voting on, Senator T
HUNE ’s amendment, of which I am very supportive. I am looking forward to working with my colleagues as we move through the bill. Hopefully, we are on the road to getting this done this week. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER APPROPRIATIONS Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I wish to discuss H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. I thank Senate leadership and the Appropriations Committee for their work on this legislation. The Appropriations Committee’s ef-fort this year to return the Senate to regular order on annual spending bills is commendable, and the leadership of the committee honors a bipartisan commitment to keep the most con-troversial policy language out of these pieces of legislation. While we can agree that the legisla-tion is indeed absent of unrelated pol-icy riders, that does not mean all of the appropriations it contains and the resulting policy implications of those appropriations are good. One such misguided priority within this bill is funding an unnecessary, de-stabilizing, and thoroughly under-explained expansion of America’s nu-clear arsenal. In particular, the Fiscal Year 2019 Energy and Water Appropriations Act contains $65 million in funding to de-velop a new so-called low-yield nuclear weapon warhead: the W76–2. This is a new nuclear weapon that we simply just do not need. For this reason, I op-posed this bill. I made clear during Senate consider-ation of the National Defense Author-ization Act that developing the W76–2 low-yield nuclear warhead creates a new nuclear weapon that is unneces-sary to maintain America’s nuclear de-terrent. This need for a new low-yield nuclear weapon first came to light just 5 months ago in the Trump administra-tion’s Nuclear Posture Review. I have seen no documents, reports, or studies justifying the W76–2 or sup-porting its immediate development, and serious questions remain unan-swered. Why are the hundreds of low-yield nuclear weapons that we already have, like the B61 bomb and air-launched cruise missile, not adequate? Where will these new W76–2 nuclear weapons be deployed? On how many of our boomer sub-marines will we be placing these weap-ons and on what schedule? What targets will we no longer hold at risk with strategic nuclear weapons to accommodate these new low-yield weapons? Since this W76–2 low-yield nuclear weapon will be launched using the same rockets as our strategic thermo-nuclear weapons and off of the exact same submarines, how can anyone dis-tinguish whether it is one or the other? Somehow, answers to these questions have not been written down anywhere. Instead, we are simply told ‘‘we need the low yield nuclear weapon to deter the Russians and prevent an escalate to de-escalate scenario.’’ The United States already has plans to spend hundreds of billions of dollars to upgrade our existing nuclear weap-ons systems as part of the existing nu-clear modernization program, systems that are in excess of what we need to maintain our nuclear deterrence. So it just makes no sense to spend money to develop new nuclear weap-ons. In doing so, we are making America and the world less safe, not more. We are throwing away decades of Amer-ican leadership trying to move the world away from nuclear weapons and the existential threat they pose to all of us. That is why I filed an amendment to redirect funds that the Trump adminis-tration would use to develop this wasteful and unnecessary low-yield nu-clear weapon towards preparing for nonproliferation activities that will be essential to helping denuclearize North Korea whether now or at some point in the future. I regret that my amendment was not considered during the floor debate on this bill, but I still believe that Con-gress needs to seriously consider the consequences of authorizing and appro-priating funds for this new weapon. I am more worried than ever that this crucial debate has not and is not receiving the attention that it de-serves. I hope, moving forward, we can change that and that the Senate will appropriately consider the magnitude of the decisions we are making here today. A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weap-on. They are fundamentally different than anything else in the world, and they must be treated as such. In the absence of a full debate on the floor of this Chamber that allows the American people to understand what is truly at stake with this new weapon, I could not support this legislation. Thank you. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BERNARD BRADY ∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure that I rise on be-half of the Delaware delegation to honor the exemplary service of Bernard Brady, secretary of the senate for the State of Delaware. A native of Wilmington and a grad-uate of Trinity College, University of Dublin, Bernard began his career with the Delaware Senate in January of 1979. After nearly 40 years of public service, he has made the difficult deci-sion to retire. Bernard serves as the chief administrative officer of the Sen-ate, which is a position elected by the members. For four decades, Bernard has been the cornerstone of the Dela-ware Senate, involved in matters relat-ing to budget, legislation, and overall operations. His office maintains records of official Senate transactions, handles the introduction and flow of legislation, sends and receives legisla-tive messages and executive commu-nications, compiles and posts agendas, records committee reports, rollcalls, and the legislative journal. This is no small task for one person. Many nights while serving as Delaware’s Governor, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.034 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4399 June 26, 2018 
recall leaving legislative hall and no-ticing that Bernard’s car was still parked in its regular spot and his office light would still be on. It was not un-usual for him to work well into the night to ensure that all of that day’s loose ends had been tied up and that the stage was set for a smooth transi-tion to the next legislative day. During my 8 years as Governor, my staff and I were fortunate to work with Bernard on many occasions, often seek-ing out his guidance and wisdom re-garding legislative issues or guber-natorial appointments. Bernard readily made himself available to our team, generously offering us the benefit of his historical knowledge. Bernard is so ingrained in the daily workings of the Senate that most peo-ple in legislative hall cannot imagine the senate chamber without him. Ber-nard is invaluable for his insight and expertise on the Delaware Legislature, but talk to anyone, and they will tell you that Bernard is beloved because he has the patience of a saint and the heart of a true servant, respected by Democrats and Republicans alike. Today, we join Bernard’s siblings, Geraldine, Mary Lou, Chip, Gerald, and Philip, along with his many colleagues and friends, in honoring Bernard for his dedication to the Delaware State Sen-ate and the people of Delaware. On be-half of Senator C
HRIS COONS and Con-gresswoman L
ISABLUNT ROCHESTER , I wholeheartedly thank Bernard for his four decades of service to Delaware. His model leadership and dedication to the order and rules in the senate chamber are second to none. We offer our sin-cere congratulations on a job well done and wish him many happy, healthy, and successful years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BARKER ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize John Barker, an ex-emplary citizen in my hometown of Yuma, CO. As a member of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, VFW, Post 3378, Mr. Barker has selflessly volunteered his time and energy toward providing invaluable services to veterans and their families. As a result, he has been honored by the Colorado VFW with the Salute to Service Award. Mr. Barker goes above and beyond to help veterans in our community. This includes regular visits to veterans ad-mitted to hospitals and nursing homes and ensuring that announcements of events hosted by Post 3378 are widely circulated in local media. Whether it is working to expand the local Veteran’s Memorial Park or tracking down sto-ries from veterans and their families to be published, he ensures that these vet-erans receive the recognition they de-serve. On a more solemn note, Mr. Barker visits veterans who have entered hos-pice care and presents them with a plaque commemorating their service; in their last moments, these veterans know how grateful our community is to them. Furthermore, Mr. Barker at-tends their funerals and performs mili-tary honors as a member of Post 3378’s color guard. Indeed, Mr. Barker’s volunteerism is not limited to veterans. He has worked with local Boy Scouts, encouraging them to finish their Eagle Scout projects, volunteered as Santa Claus at a local event, and worked with the Col-orado Department of Fish and Wildlife to make sure there were fish to catch for the kids at Yuma’s ‘‘Huck Finn’’ Day. Mr. Barker’s dedication to his com-munity and his VFW post is unparal-leled. His VFW commander, Adam Beauprez, had no hesitation nomi-nating him for the Salute to Service Award and it is little wonder that the Colorado VFW followed suit by hon-oring him with this recognition. Mr. Barker, thank you for your serv-ice. Thank you for your friendship and your family’s friendship. You make Colorado proud.∑ f 
REMEMBERING JONATHON DRAKE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today, I would like to honor the life of Jonathon Drake of New Durham, NH, who tragically lost his life in a car ac-cident in May. A social worker at the University of New Hampshire’s Insti-tute on Disability, Jonathon worked to help at-risk youth succeed and was be-loved by his family, his colleagues, and his community. A childhood cancer survivor, he dedicated his life to help-ing young people and was recognized for his exceptional work with the first annual Rockstar Award from YOUTH M.O.V.E. New Hampshire. Jonathon dreamt of being a school principal one day, and was working toward com-pleting his certification at the time of his death. In addition to his work, Jonathon was dedicated to his wife, their two young sons, and to the many people he embraced as family. At a celebration of Jonathon’s life, hundreds of commu-nity members gathered to share memo-ries of their friend who had been taken from them far too soon. One of my favorite things about New Hampshire is our all-hands-on-deck spirit, where people roll up their sleeves and work together to strength-en our communities. Both in his work to improve the lives of at-risk youth and his love for those around him, Jonathon Drake perfectly exemplified this New Hampshire spirit, and we can honor his memory by carrying on his work and rededicating ourselves to the work of improving our communities and being a friend. May he rest in peace.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATHAN DILLS ∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Nathan Dills, the first Oklahoman to be sworn in as president of the Sheet Metal and Air Conditioning Contractors’ National As-sociation, SMACNA. With over 3,000 company members, SMACNA is a lead-er in promoting quality and excellence in the sheet metal and air conditioning industry. Nathan decided to go into the family sheet metal business in 2006. The pas-sion for sheet metal operations goes back three generations in Nathan’s family. His grandfather, O.C. Patten, was a sheet metal worker, and his fa-ther started the family’s sheet metal business in 1977. Nathan now owns and operates the family companies in Okla-homa City. Not only was Nathan’s father, Har-old, on the SMACNA board of directors, be he was also a member of the college of fellows, a prestigious group within the SMACNA community. While a part of SMACNA, he won the two highest awards given by the organization. Be-fore Harold passed away in 2016, Na-than was elected to the board, making his father and the rest of his family ex-tremely proud. I am most impressed by Nathan’s de-votion to his faith and his family. He has been married to his wife, Shannon, for 19 years. Nathan has two step-children, Hayley and Jordan, one daughter, Olivia, and one grandchild, Zaidan. With 20 kids and grandkids my-self, I can attest to the true joy faith and family bring to one’s life. I want to congratulate Nathan Dills on this well-deserved position and wish him well in his new role as SMACNA president.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ANTHONY ‘‘TONY’’ PAESANO ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Anthony ‘‘Tony’’ Paesano, an accomplished educator, Korean war veteran, a beloved public servant, and my dear friend, who left a significant imprint on my home State of West Virginia. Born in Follansbee, in the scenic northern panhandle, Tony has always had a passion for the noble profession of education. He was a walk-on for the Duquesne University football team in 1948 where he earned a bachelor of arts degree in education. Following his dis-charge from the U.S. Army, Tony began his nearly 40-year career as an educator, serving as principal of Brooke High School for 16 years. There is much to be said about some-one who gives so much to our Nation, then comes home to give even more to their home State and community. Prior to the start of his teaching ca-reer, Tony put his Duquesne ROTC training to use in the Army serving as a second lieutenant in Korea from 1952 to 1954. In fact, in 2017, I was honored to recognize Tony when he was selected as Veteran of the Year by the Brooke County Veteran Memorial Park Foun-dation. He is well known for his work honoring his fellow veterans. He has also served as master of ceremonies at Memorial Day and Veterans Day serv-ices in Follansbee and led the efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JN6.025 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4400 June 26, 2018 
establish the Veterans Memorial Foun-tain at Follansbee Park and to bring the Moving Wall to the city for the an-nual Community Days festival. Following his retirement from edu-cation, Tony served on the Brooke County School Board for 10 years, then stepped down to serve as mayor of Follansbee for another 10 years. He is the founder and former president of the Brooke County Schools Education Foundation, which has provided count-less scholarships for Brooke County High School Seniors. It would be difficult to find anyone as knowledgeable or dedicated to our home State as Tony. He has always given each project or challenge his all because it is for the good of his com-munity: his hometown. He is an active member of the St. Anthony Catholic Church and the Follansbee Knights of Columbus and served 25 years as presi-dent of the Follansbee Chamber of Commerce. Throughout the years, we bonded over our passion for public serv-ice, for inspiring the next generation of leaders, and we share the common goal of helping the rest of the country dis-cover all that West Virginia has to offer. Tony has worn many hats, and I know he will carry the same passion for Brooke County and for West Vir-ginia that he always has and will con-tinue to make a difference in his com-munity. It is my greatest honor to ex-tend him, his lovely wife, Lorraine, their children, Toni, Frank, and John, and their families my very best wishes in the days and years ahead.∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF STERLING HEIGHTS, MICHIGAN ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of the city of Sterling Heights, MI. Sterling Heights is a community built on industry and entrepreneurship, and this celebration is a historic bench-mark for the community. While it was the Clinton River that initially brought settlers to the area, it was a boom in manufacturing during the 1950s that brought a large amount of growth to what is now the city of Sterling Heights. Manufacturers like Ford Motor Company and Chrysler Cor-poration, along with their plant work-ers, began moving north and settled in what was then known as Sterling Township and their new state-of-the- art subdivisions. This sudden surge of new residents did not come without problems though. There was flooding due to lack of suffi-cient drainage systems and residents threatening to declare their neighbor-hoods their own separate community. In 1960, a portion of Sterling Township, Clinton Township, and Harrison Town-ship all came together with a proposal to incorporate the three communities into the city of Moravian Hills. The proposal would be soundly defeated. In 1966, a charter commission was formed to draft a city charter to present to voters in 2 years. The com-mission faced many issues and tasks early on, one of which was what to name their newly proposed city. Due to the already existing village of Sterling in northern Michigan, the commission would eventually settle on Sterling Heights. In December of 1967, the pro-posed charter of a strong mayor gov-ernment was voted down. The people of Sterling Township made their voices heard and installed a new commission chair, one who shared their vision of a city management form of government. On May 25, 1968, voters overwhelm-ingly passed a new city management charter and simultaneously elected seven new councilmennbers, defeating all previous township officials. The city’s first council consisted of an ele-mentary school teacher, four employed in the automotive industry, an edu-cation representative for school sup-plies, and an attorney. They faced in-credibly challenging tasks and high ex-pectations in their first days. Whether it was zoning restrictions, infrastruc-ture, new projects, or public safety, the council came together and worked to-ward a common goal: a stronger future for their new city and her citizens. The council would hire Leonard Hendricks as city manager and Paul O’Reilly as city attorney, and together, they would help the council create a city that has continued to grow and prosper to this day. Upon that vote of approval in 1968, Sterling Heights became the second largest city in size in Michigan. Since then, it has only continued to grow and develop. Today, it is a prospering com-munity covering over 36 square miles and has a population of over 130,000 residents. The automotive and manu-facturing industries have been and con-tinue to be the cornerstone of Sterling Heights’ local economy. The city is home to four OEM vehicle production plants, and the top employers are all automotive and manufacturing compa-nies. The city of Sterling Heights has be-come an important and prosperous city in its relatively short time since being incorporated. The first mayor pro tem of Sterling Heights, F. James Dunlop, said it best, ‘‘Her only heights will be how high we set our goals and how much, we, her citizens, are willing to give of ourselves to achieve them.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the citizens, elected of-ficials, and businesses of the city of Sterling Heights as they celebrate this milestone. I wish the city continued growth and prosperity in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:14 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 221. An act to reauthorize the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes. H.R. 299. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. H.R. 435. An act to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes. H.R. 805. An act to authorize the convey-ance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California. H.R. 857. An act to provide for conservation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes. H.R. 1791. An act to establish the Moun-tains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes. H.R. 3392. An act to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Lou-isiana, and for other purposes. H.R. 4257. An act to maximize land man-agement efficiencies, promote land conserva-tion, generate education funding, and for other purposes. H.R. 4528. An act to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5081. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee, and for other purposes. H.R. 5094. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious ac-tivity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 5206. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes. H.R. 5207. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the immi-gration advisory program, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5730. An act to require testing and evaluation of advanced transportation secu-rity screening technologies related to the mission of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. H.R. 5733. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for the re-sponsibility of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center to maintain capabilities to identify threats to industrial control systems, and for other purposes. H.R. 5751. An act to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network. H.R. 5766. An act to improve the security of public areas of transportation facilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 5783. An act to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agency. H.R. 6069. An act to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:22 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.084 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4401 June 26, 2018 
S. 1091. An act to establish a Federal Advi-sory Council to Support Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren. H.R. 2229. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 4:16 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 931. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 435. An act to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 805. An act to authorize the convey-ance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 857. An act to provide for conservation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 1791. An act to establish the Moun-tains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3392. An act to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Lou-isiana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4257. An act to maximize land man-agement efficiencies, promote land conserva-tion, generate education funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 5081. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5094. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious ac-tivity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5206. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs . H.R. 5207. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the immi-gration advisory program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5730. An act to require testing and evaluation of advanced transportation secu-rity screening technologies related to the mission of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5733. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for the re-sponsibility of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center to maintain capabilities to identify threats to industrial control systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5751. An act to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 5766. An act to improve the security of public areas of transportation facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5783. An act to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agency; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6069. An act to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 6. An act to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. 
The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 8. An act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. H.R. 221. An act to reauthorize the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes. H.R. 4528. An act to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5599. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program’’ ((7 CFR Part 3555) (RIN0575–AD10)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5600. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Poultry Improvement Plan and Auxiliary Provisions’’ (RIN0579–AE37) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5601. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Impoundment Control Act of 1974 and a Review of the President’s Supple-mentary Message of June 5, 2018; to the Com-mittees on Appropriations; Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Com-merce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Finance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and the Judiciary. EC–5602. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the Defense Environmental Programs Annual Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5603. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report of a delay in submission of a re-port relative to the inventory of contracts for services for fiscal year 2017; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5604. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Policy on Technical Surveil-lance Countermeasures’’ (RIN0790–AJ59) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5605. A communication from the Chair-man of the Appraisal Subcommittee, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Appraisal Subcommittee’s 2017 Annual Report; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5606. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5607. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Galveston Harbor Channel Ex-tension Project, Houston-Galveston Naviga-tion Channels, Texas; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5608. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Medicare and Medicaid Integrity Programs Report for Fis-cal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5609. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2017 report of the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5610. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Method Change Procedures Relating to Exemption from Ap-plying Section 263A under Section 263A(d) (2) (C)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–35) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5611. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Sunset Date for At-torney Advisor Program’’ (RIN0960–AI36) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.001 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4402 June 26, 2018 
Senate on June 20, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5612. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Foreign Claims Settlement Com-mission of the United States, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s annual report for 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5613. A communication from the Board of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Twenty-Seventh Actuarial Valuation of the Assets and Liabilities Under the Railroad Retirement Acts as of December 31, 2016’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5614. A communication from the Board of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2018 annual report on the financial status of the railroad unemployment insurance sys-tem; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5615. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Definition of an ’Employer’ Under Section 3(5) of ERISA - Association Health Plans’’ (RIN1210–AB85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 21, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5616. A communication from the Stra-tegic Advisor and Director of Congressional Relations and Government Affairs, Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghani-stan Reconstruction, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Office’s April 2018 quarterly report to Congress (OSS–2018– 0739); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5617. A communication from the Stra-tegic Advisor and Director of Congressional Relations and Government Affairs, Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghani-stan Reconstruction, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Office’s April 2018 quarterly report to Congress (OSS–2018– 0741); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5618. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting proposed legislation; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5619. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting proposed legislation; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5620. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Federal Equal Opportunity Recruitment Program (FEORP) for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5621. A communication from the Direc-tor, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5622. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary, National Protection and Program Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5623. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tribal Transportation Program; Delay of Compliance Date’’ (RIN1076–AF38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–5624. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Addition of the Wind River Indian Reservation to the List of Courts of Indian Offenses’’ (RIN1076–AF39) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–5625. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ments; Annual Adjustments’’ (RIN1076–AF40) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–5626. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Of-fice of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices Report on the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5627. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Legislative Division, The American Legion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the financial condi-tion of The American Legion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–5628. A communication from the Chief of the Regulatory Coordination Division, Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Exercise of Time-Limited Authority to Increase the Fiscal Year 2018 Numerical Limitation for the H–2B Temporary Non-agricultural Worker Program’’ (RIN1615– AC21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–5629. A communication from the Senior Director of Government Affairs, National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak, transmitting, pursuant to law, Amtrak’s au-dited Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and Sep-tember 30, 2016 with report of independent auditors; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–251. A resolution adopted by the Jackson County Chamber of Commerce, Jackson County, Mississippi memorializing its support for continued and increased ex-ploration and production of the Gulf of Mex-ico energy resources and urging the United States Congress to keep its commitment under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act to share Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) revenues with Gulf producing states and their coastal political subdivisions; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Robin S. Bernstein, of Florida, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Do-minican Republic. Nominee: Robin S. Bernstein. Post: Dominican Republic. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: $500, 03/23/17, Pete Sessions/House; $2700, 11/28/16, Donald J. Trump; $500, 06/02/16, Carlos Lopez Contera/Senate; $100, 04/01/16, Kelli Ayotte/Senate; $100, 08/01/16, Make American Great Again; $250, 11/01/16, Amer-ican Principles PAC; $150, 09/21/15, Priscilla Taylor/House; $100, 12/25/15, Rick Kozell/ House; $214.21, 12/31/15, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $25, 07/12/14, Republican Jewish Coali-tion; $50, 12/31/14, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $12.50, 11/24.14, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $25, 10/15/14, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $25, 09/30/14, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $62.50, 12/ 31.13, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $25, 11/30/13, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC; $25, 09/30/13, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC. 2. Spouse: Richard S. Bernstein $2700, 11/28/ 16, Donald J. Trump; $2700, 09/30/16, RNC; $500, 09/22/14, Monica Wehby/Senate; $189.23, 12/31/13, Mass Mutual Life Ins. PAC. 3. Children and Spouses: Ariel R. Bern-stein: none; Alexandra L. Bernstein: none; Julia I. Bernstein. $200, 11/2016, Donald J. Trump. 4. Parents; Karolyn S. Schoenhaus, none; Archie A. Stein—deceased. Spouses Parents: Verne C. Bernstein—de-ceased; Abraham Bernstein—deceased. 5. Grandparents: Anna Dickman—deceased; Benjamin Dickman—deceased; Morris Stein—deceased; Rebeca Stein—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Jeffrey L. Stein, none; Julie Peyton (div. 10/21/15), none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Debra S. Parker, none; Donald Parker, Sr. (div. 2017), none. 
*Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Poland. Nominee: Georgette Paulsin Mosbacher. Post: U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Poland. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: Self: $1,000.00, 18–Mar–13, Sanford for Con-gress; $25,000.00, 13–Apr–13, Republican Gov-ernors’ Association; $2,600.00, 1–May–13, San-ford for Congress; ($2,400.00), 21–Aug–13, Tex-ans for Senator John Cornyn, Inc.; $2,600.00, 23–Sep–13, McConnell Senate Committee (Primary); $2,600.00, 23–Sep–13, McConnell Senate Committee (General); $2,600.00, 27– Sep–13, Peter King For Congress Committee; $1,000.00, 17–Dec–13, Friends of John McCain, Inc.; $10,000.00, 31–Mar–14, McConnell Victory Kentucky; $10,000.00, 31–Mar–14, Republican Party of Kentucky; $17,600.00, 22–May–14, Cornyn Majority Committee; $5,000.00, 22– May–14, Alamo PAC; $200.00, 22–May–14, Tex-ans for Senator John Cornyn, Inc.; $5,000.00, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.005 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4403 June 26, 2018 
18–Jul–14, Stand Up to Washington; $5,000.00, 13–Aug–14, Believe Again PAC; $2,500,00, 7– Oct–14, Pete King for Congress Committee; $1,000.00, 15–Dec–14, Sanford for Congress; $5,000.00, 5–Mar–15, RickPAC; $2,500.00, 29– Apr–16, NY Republican Federal Campaign Committee; $1,700.00, 10–Sept–15, John McCain via Sedona PAC; $50,000.00, 12–Oct–16, Trump Victory Fund; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Re-publican Party of Wisconsin; $661.90, 12–Oct– 16, Alabama Republican Party; $661.90, 12– Oct–16, Kansas Republican Party; $661.90, 12– Oct–16, Illinois Republican Party; $661.90, 12– Oct–16, North Dakota Republican Party; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Republican Party of Lou-isiana; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Republican Party of Virginia, Inc.; $661.90, 2–Oct–16, NY Repub-lican Federal Campaign Committee; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Republican Federal Committee of Pennsylvania; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, New Jersey Republican State Committee; $661.90, 12–Oct– 16, North Carolina Republican Party; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Republican Party of Arkansas; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Mississippi Republican Party; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, West Virginia Re-publican Party, Inc.; $661.90, 12–Oct–16. Cali-fornia Republican Party Federal Acct.; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Missouri Republican State Committee; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, South Caro-lina Republican Party; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Wy-oming Republican Party; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Tennessee Republican Party Federal Elec-tion Acct; $661.90, 12–Oct–16, Republican Party, of Minnesota—Federal; $661.90, 12– Oct–16, Alabama Republican Party; $33,400.00, 12–Oct–16, Republican National Committee; $661.90, 17–Oct–16, Connecticut Republican Party; $15,000, 11–Jan–18, Na-tional Republican Senatorial Committee. 2. Spouse: Not Applicable. 3. Children and Spouses: Not Applicable. 4. Parents: Dorothy Shepherd: No Con-tributions. 5. Grandparents: Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: George Paulsin: No Contributions. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Melody Dwyer & William Dwyer; No Contributions. Lyn Paulsin $2,700.00, 22–Feb–16, Friends of Joe Heck; ($2,700.00), 22–Feb–16, Friends of Joe Heck (Contribution Refund); $5,400, 22–Feb–16, Friends of Joe Heck; $1,000.00, 4–Mar–16, Ron DeSantis For Florida. 
*Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. Nominee: Joseph N. Mondello. Post: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plen-ipotentiary of the United States of America to Trinidad and Tobago. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: $0.00. 2. Linda Mondello: $0.00. 3. Elizabeth N. Mondello: $0.00. Chris & Lisa Mondello Ostuni: $150.00, 8/2015, Donald Mackenzie; $85.00, 8/2015, Norma Gonsalves. 4. Parents: Joseph Mondello—deceased; Rose Martin Mondello—deceased. 5. Grandparents: deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: N/A. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Norma Ferretti: $20, 09/2011, Levittown West R.C.; $30, 03/2014, Levittown West R.C.; $35, 08/2014, Levittown West R.C.; $50, 03/2014, Levittown West R.C.; $50, 03/2015, Levittown West R.C.; $110, 10/2016, Levittown West R.C.; $90, 09/2017, Committee to Elect John Ferretti; $75 06/2017, Com-mittee to Elect John Ferretti. *Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Ori-ental Republic of Uruguay. Nominee: Kenneth Suggett George. Post: Ambassador, Uruguay. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: Self: $1,000.00, 04/02/2012, Elizabeth Ames Jones for Texas Senate; $500.00, 04/02/2012, Christi L. Craddick (Texas Railroad Commis-sion); $2,500.00, 02/08/2013, Friends of Jeb Hen-sarling; $2,500.00, 05/29/2013, Republican Na-tional Committee; $2,000.00, 08/16/2016, Repub-lican National Committee; $1,000.00, 09/06/ 2013, Dallas Entrepreneur PAC; $1,200.00, 09/ 09/2013, Committee to Protect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $200.00, 09/09/2013, Keith Rothfus for Congress; $200.00, 09/30/2013, Gary G. Miller for Congress; $2,600.00, 11/25/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $1,000.00, 02/27/2014, Edward W. Gillespie for Senate; $2,600.00, 03/ 17/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $500.00, 03/ 26/2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $500.00, 04/21/ 2014, Sean Duffy for Wisconsin; $500.00, 05/23/ 2014, Chart H. Westcott; $2,600.00, 06/05/2014, French Hill for Arkansas; $40.00, 07/12/2014 Libertarian Party of Texas; $5,000.00, 10/17/ 2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $1,250.00, 12/13/ 2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $2,500.00, 12/15/ 2014, Morgan D. Meyer; $107.50, 03/23/2015, Texas & Southwestern Cattle Raisers; $2,200.00, 06/16/2015, Rick Perry; $2,700.00, 11/13/ 2015, Ted Cruz for President; $2,700.00, 11/20/ 2015, Marco Rubio for President; $100.00, 06/14/ 2016, Texans for Greg Abbott; $2,000.00, 08/17/ 2016, Trump Victory; $2,700.00, 08/24/2016, Trump Victory; $1,000.00, 08/29/2016, Donald B. Huffines; $250.00, 08/31/2016, Dallas County Council of Republican Women; $2,500.00, 10/26/ 2016, Texans for Dan Patrick; $1,000.00, 11/03/ 2016, Sid Miller; $5,000.00, 01/11/2017, Trump for America, Inc.; $2,700.00, 02/28/2017, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $1,000.00, 03/21/2017, Faith Johnson for Dallas County District Attor-ney; $2,700.00, 03/29/2017, Pete Sessions for Congress; $1,000.00, 06/19/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $1,000.00, 10/18/2017, Faith Johnson for Dallas County District Attor-ney; $1,000.00, 10/19/2017, Van Taylor for Con-gress; $2,700.00, 10/20/2017, Trump Victory; $2,700.00, 10/26/2017, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,000,00 10/30/2017, Republican Chal-lengers Fund; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Estes for Texas; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Miller for Texas; $500.00, 12/31/2017, Bunni Pounds for Congress; $2,500.00, 01/18/2018, Dallas County Republican Party-Primary; $1,500.00, 03/27/2018, Jake Ellzey for Congress. Spouse: Patricia Mast George: $2,600.00, 09/ 30/2013, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,600.00, 12/09/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $1,000.00, 02/20/2014, Texans for John Cornyn, Inc.; $2,500.00, 06/30/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 03/31/2015, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,200.00, 09/02/2015, Committee to Pro-tect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $300.00, 09/02/2015, Bruce Poliquin for Congress; $300.00, 09/02/2015, Thomas Earl Emmer, Jr. for Congress; $300.00, 09/30/2015, French Hill for Arkansas; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Pete Ses-sions for Congress; $2,700.00, 06/30/2017, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,700.00, 10/23/2017, Trump Victory; $500.00, 02/01/2018. Son: Kenneth Suggett George II: None. Carolyn Dudley George: None. Son: Patrick Sarsfield George: $2,700.00, 06/ 30/2015, Rick Perry for President; $1,000.00, 12/ 14/2015, Marco Rubio for President; $1,000.00, 05/31/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 06/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 07/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $100.00, 07/14/2017, Ted Cruz for Senate; $25.00, 08/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 09/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 11/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 12/09/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas. Spouse: Elizabeth Secrest George: $2,700.00, 06/30/2015, Rick Perry for President. Son: Clement Roberdeau George: $1,000.00, 12/02/2015, Marco Rubio for President. Spouse: Molly Cooper George: None. Daughter: Elizabeth George Gosselin: None. Spouse: Chase Karl Gosselin: None:. Father: Clement Enos George: Deceased. Mother: Betty Suggett George: Deceased. Grandparents: Long deceased. Sister: Meredith George Tinsley: None. Brother-in-Law: Edward R Tinsley: $1,000.00, 05/22/2014, National Restaurant As-sociation PAC; $500.00, 06/29/2015, Friends of John Boehner; $1,000.00, 12/28/2015, National Restaurant Association PAC. Contributions, amount, date, and donee: Self: $1,000.00, 04/02/2012, Elizabeth Ames Jones for Texas Senate; $500.00, 04/02/2012, Christi L. Craddick (Texas Railroad Commis-sion); $2,500.00, 02/08/2013, Friends of Jeb Hen-sarling; $2,500.00, 05/29/2013, Republican Na-tional Committee; $2,000.00, 08/16/2016, Repub-lican National Committee; $1,000.00, 09/06/ 2013, Dallas Entrepreneur PAC; $1,200.00, 09/ 09/2013, Committee to Protect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $200.00, 09/09/2013, Keith Rothfus for Congress; $1,000.00, 09/06/2013, En-trepreneur Political Action Committee; $1,200.00, 09/09/2013, Committee to Protect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $200.00, 09/30/ 2013, Gary G. Miller for Congress; $2,600.00, 11/ 25/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $250.00 12/ 17/2013, Carole Clark (Judge race); $1,000.00, 02/27/2014, Edward W. Gillespie for Senate; $2,600.00, 03/17/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $500.00, 03/26/2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $500.00, 04/21/2014, Sean Duffy for Wisconsin; $500.00, 05/23/2014, Chart H. Westcott; $2,600.00, 06/05/2014, French Hill for Arkansas; $40.00, 07/ 12/2014, Libertarian Party of Texas; $5,000.00, 10/17/2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $1,250.00, 12/13/2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $2,500.00, 12/15/2014, Morgan D. Meyer; $107.50 03/23/2015, Texas & Southwestern Cattle Raisers; $500.00, 05/31/2015, Marco Rubio for President; $2,200.00, 06/16/2015, Rick Perry; $2,700.00, 11/13/ 2015, Ted Cruz for President; $2,700.00, 11/20/ 2015, Marco Rubio for President; $(500.00), 01/ 19/2016, Marco Rubio for President, overpaid; $10,000.00, 03/22/2016, Trusted Leadership PAC; $100.00, 06/14/2016, Texans for Greg Abbott; $2,000.00, 08/16/2016, Republican National Committee; $2,000.00, 08/17/2016, Trump Vic-tory; $2,700.00, 08/24/2016, Trump Victory; $1,000.00, 08/29/2016, Donald B. Huffines; $250.00, 08/31/2016, Dallas County Council of Republican Women; $2,500.00, 10/26/2016, Tex-ans for Dan Patrick; $1,000.00, 11/03/2016, Sid Miller; $5,000.00, 12/05/2016, Trump for Amer-ica, Inc.; $2,700.00, 02/28/2017, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $1,000.00, 03/21/2017, Faith John-son for Dallas County District Attorney; $2,700.00, 03/29/2017, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,000.00, 06/19/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $1,000.00, 10/18/2017, Faith Johnson for Dallas County District Attorney; $1,000.00, 10/19/2017, Van Taylor for Congress; $2,700.00, 10/20/2017, Trump Victory; $2,700.00, 10/26/2017, Pete Sessions for Congress; $1,000.00, 10/30/2017, Republican Challengers Fund; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Estes for Texas; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Miller for Texas; $500.00, 12/31/2017, Bunni Pounds for Congress; $2,500.00, 01/18/2018, Dallas County Republican Party-Primary; $1,500.00, Jake Ellzey for Congress. Spouse: Patricia Mast George: $2,600.00, 09/ 30/2013, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,600.00, 12/09/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $1,000.00, 02/20/2014, Texans for John Cornyn, Inc.; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.013 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4404 June 26, 2018 
$2,500.00, 06/30/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,600.00, 06/30/2014, French Hill for Arkansas; $2,700.00, 03/31/2015, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,200.00, 09/02/2015, Committee to Pro-tect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $300.00, 09/02/2015, Friends of Mia Love; $300.00, 09/02/ 2015, Bruce Poliquin for Congress; $300.00, 09/ 02/2015, Thomas Earl Emmer, Jr. for Con-gress; $300.00, 09/30/2015, French Hill for Ar-kansas; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,700.00, 05/11/2017, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 06/30/2017, Pete Ses-sions for Congress; $2,700.00, 10/23/2017, Trump Victory; $500.00, 02/01/2018, Van Taylor Cam-paign. Son: Kenneth Suggett George II: None. Carolyn Dudley George: None. Son: Patrick Sarsfield George: $2,700.00, 06/ 30/2015, Rick Perry for President; $1,000.00, 12/ 14/2015, Marco Rubio for President; $1,000.00, 05/31/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 06/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 07/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $100.00, 07/14/2017, Ted Cruz for Senate; $25.00, 08/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 09/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 11/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 12/09/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas. Spouse: Elizabeth Secrest George: $2,700.00, 06/30/2015, Rick Perry for President. Son: Clement Roberdeau George: $1,000.00, 12/02/2015, Marco Rubio for President. Spouse: Molly Cooper George: None. Daughter: Elizabeth George Gosselin: None. Spouse: Chase Karl Gosselin: None. Father: Clement Enos George: Deceased. Mother: Betty Suggett George: Deceased. Grandparents, Long Deceased. Sister: Meredith George Tinsley: None. Brother-in-Law: Edward R. Tinsley: $1,000.00, 05/22/2014, National Restaurant As-sociation PAC; $500.00, 06/29/2015, Friends of John Boehner; $1,000.00, 12/28/2015, National Restaurant Association PAC. Revised May 24, 2018 Nominee: Kenneth Suggett George. Post: Ambassador, Uruguay. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: Kenneth Suggett George, Self: $1,000/00, 04/ 02/2012, Elizabeth Ames Jones for Texas Sen-ate; $500.00, 04/02/2012, Christi L. Craddick (Texas Railroad Commission); $2,500.00, 02/08/ 2013, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,500.00, 05/ 29/2013, Republican National Committee; $2,000.00, 08/16/2016, Republican National Committee; $1,000.00, 09/06/2013, Dallas Entre-preneur PAC; $1,200.00, 09/09/2013, Committee to Protect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $200.00, 09/09/2013, Keith Rothfus for Congress; $1,000.00, 09/06/2013, Entrepreneur Political Action Committee; $1,200.00, 09/09/2013, Com-mittee to Protect Prosperity and Free Enter-prise; $200.00, 09/30/2013, Gary G. Miller for Congress; $2,600.00, 11/25/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $250.00, 12/17/2013, Carole Clark (Judge race); $1,000.00, 02/27/2014, Edward W. Gillespie for Senate; $2,600.00, 03/17/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $500.00, 03/26/2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $500.00, 04/21/2014, Sean Duffy for Wisconsin; $500.00, 05/23/2014, Chart H. Westcott; $2,600.00, 06/05/2014, French Hill for Arkansas; $40.00, 07/12/2014, Libertarian Party of Texas; $5,000.00, 10/17/ 2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $1,250.00, 12/13/ 2014, Texans for Dan Patrick; $2,500.00, 12/15/ 2014, Morgan D. Meyer; $107.50, 03/23/2015, Texas & Southwestern Cattle Raisers; $500.00, 05/31/2015, Marco Rubio for President; $2,200.00, 06/16/2015, Rick Perry; $2,700.00, 11/13/ 2015, Ted Cruz for President; $2,700.00, 11/20/ 2015, Marco Rubio for President; $(500.00), 01/ 19/2016, Marco Rubio for President, overpaid; $10,000.00, 03/22/2016, Trusted Leadership PAC; $100.00, 06/14/2016, Texans for Greg Abbott; $2,000.00, 08/16/2016, Republican National Committee; $2,000.00, 08/17/2016, Trump Vic-tory; $2,700.00, 08/24/2016, Trump Victory; $1,000.00, 08/29/2016, Donald B. Huffines; $250.00, 08/31/2016, Dallas County Council of Republican Women; $2,500.00, 10/26/2016, Tex-ans for Dan Patrick; $1,000.00, 11/03/2016, Sid Miller; $5,000.00, 12/05/2016, Trump for Amer-ica, Inc.; $2,700.00, 02/28/2017, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $1,000.00, 03/21/2017, Faith John-son for Dallas County District Attorney; $2,700.00, 03/29/2017, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,000.00, 06/19/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $1,000.00, 10/18/2017, Faith Johnson for Dallas County District Attorney; $1,000.00, 10/19/2017, Van Taylor for Congress; $2,700.00, 10/20/2017, Trump Victory; $2,700.00 10/26/2017, Pete Sessions for Congress; $1,000.00, 10/30/2017, Republican Challengers Fund; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Estes for Texas; $2,500.00, 12/28/2017, Miller for Texas; $500.00, 12/31/2017, Sunni Pounds for Congress; $2,500.00, 01/18/2018, Dallas County Republican Party-Primary; $1,500.00, Jake Ellzey for Congress. Spouse: Patricia Mast George: $2,600.00, 09/ 30/2013, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,600.00, 12/09/2013, French Hill for Arkansas; $1,000.00, 02/20/2014, Texans for John Cornyn, Inc.; $2,500.00, 06/30/2014, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,600.00, 06/30/2014, French Hill for Arkansas; $2,700.00, 03/31/2015, Pete Sessions for Con-gress; $1,200.00, 09/02/2015, Committee to Pro-tect Prosperity and Free Enterprise; $300.00, 09/02/2015, Friends of Mia Love; $300.00, 09/02/ 2015, Bruce Poliquin for Congress; $300.00, 09/ 02/2015, Thomas Earl Emmer, Jr. for Con-gress; $300.00, 09/30/2015, French Hill for Ar-kansas; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 11/07/2016, Pete Sessions for Congress; $2,700.00, 05/11/2017, Friends of Jeb Hensarling; $2,700.00, 06/30/2017, Pete Ses-sions for Congress; $2,700.00, 10/23/2017, Trump Victory; $500.00, 02/01/2018, Van Taylor Cam-paign. Son: Kenneth Suggett George II: None. Carolyn Dudley George: None. Son: Patrick Sarsfield George: $2,700.00, 06/ 30/2015, Rick Perry for President; $1,000.00, 12/ 14/2015, Marco Rubio for President; $1,000.00, 05/31/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 06/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 07/05/2017, Republican Party of Texas; $100.00, 07/14/2017, Ted Cruz for Senate; $25.00, 08/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 09/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 11/05/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas; $25.00, 12/09/ 2017, Republican Party of Texas. Spouse: Elizabeth Secrest George: $2,700.00, 06/30/2015, Rick Perry for President. Son: Clement Roberdeau George: $1,000.00, 12/02/2015, Marco Rubio for President. Spouse: Molly Cooper George: None. Daughter: Elizabeth George Gosselin: None. Spouse: Chase Karl Gosselin: None. Father: Clement Enos George: Deceased. Mother: Betty Suggett George: Deceased. Grandparents: Long Deceased. Sister: Meredith George Tinsley: None. Brother-in-Law: Edward R. Tinsley: $1,000.00, 05/22/2014, National Restaurant As-sociation PAC; $500.00, 06/29/2015, Friends of John Boehner; $1,000.00, 12/28/2015, National Restaurant Association PAC. 
*Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. Nominee: Gordon David Sondland. Post: Ambassador to European Union. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) The following list is solely for federal cam-paign contributions. A complete listing of all federal, state and local campaign contribu-tions is attached as Exhibit A. Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $2,700.00, 05–16–2017, Tillis, Thom (R); $5,000.00, 05–16–2017, Together Holding Our Majority PAC (R); $1,100.00, 05–16–2017, Na-tional Republican Senatorial Cmte (R); $33,900.00, 05–16–2017, National Republican Senatorial Cmte (R); $10,000.00, 05–16–2017, Tillis Majority Committee; $5,000.00, 06–28– 2016, Republican National Cmte (R); $10,000.00, 06–24–2016, Portman Victory Com-mittee; $10,000.00, 06–24–2016, Ohio Republican Party State Central; $2,700.00, 06–17–2016, Portman, Rob (R); $2,100.00, 06–09–2016, Tillis, Thom (R); $2,600.00, 06–09–2016, Tillis, Thom (R); $4,700.00, 05–31–2016, Together Holding Our Majority PAC (R); $33,400.00, 05–31–2016, National Republican Senatorial Cmte (R); $9,400.00, 05–31–2016, Tillis Majority Com-mittee; $2,700.00, 05–24–2016, Heck, Joe (R); $2,700.00, 05–24–2016, Heck, Joe (R); $10,000.00, 04–19–2016, Republican Party of Kentucky (R); $2,700.00, 03–31–2016, Paul, Rand (R); $2,700.00, 03–31–2016, Paul, Rand (R); $15,400.00, 03–31–2016, Rand Paul Victory Kentucky; $2,700.00, 11–17–2015, McCain, John (R); $2,700.00, 11–17–2015, McCain, John (R); $2,300.00, 09–21–2015, Wyden, Ron (D); $2,700.00, 09–21–2015, Wyden, Ron (D); $1,600.00, 09–11– 2015, Republican National Cmte (R); $33,400.00, 09–11–2015, Republican National Cmte (R); $2,700.00, 06–23–2015, Bush, Jeb (R); $25,000.00, 01–14–2015, Right to Rise USA; $2,600.00, 03–24–2014, Land, Terri Lynn (R); $2,600.00, 03–24–2014, Land, Terri Lynn (R); $2,600.00, 12–31–2013, Wehby, Monica (R); $2,600.00, 12–31–2013, Wehby, Monica (R); $2,000.00, 07–30–2013, Griffith, Wells (R); $32,400.00, 06–28–2013, Republican National Cmte (R); $1,000.00, 06–07–2013, Beutler, Jaime Herrera (R); 2. Spouse (Katherine Durant): $10,400.00, 05– 07–2018, Tillis, Thom (R); $33,900.00, 05–07– 2018, National Republican Senate Cmte (R); $2,700.00, 10–01–2016, Heck, Joe (R); $2,700.00, 06–13–2016, Heck, Joe (R); $2,700.00, 06–13–2016, Heck, Joe (R); $10,000.00, 04–19–2016, Repub-lican Party of Kentucky (R); $2,700.00, 03–31– 2016, Paul, Rand (R); $2,700.00, 03–31–2016, Paul, Rand (R); $15,400.00, 03–31–2016, Rand Paul Victory Kentucky; $2,700.00, 11–17–2015, McCain, John (R); $2,700.00, 11–17–2015, McCain, John (R); $2,700.00, 09–21–2015, Wyden, Ron (D); $2,300.00, 09–21–2015, Wyden, Ron (D); $2,700.00, 06–23–2015, Bush, Jeb (R); $2,600.00, 03–28–2014, Wehby, Monica (R); $2,600.00, 03–28–2014, Wehby, Monica (R). 3. Children and Spouses: Maximillian Dur-ant Sondland, none; Katherine Lucia Sondland, none. 4. Parents: Frieda Piepsch Sondland—de-ceased; Gunther Willy Sondland—deceased. 5. Grandparents: Wilhelm Sondland—de-ceased; Rosalie Sondland—deceased; Herman Piepsch—deceased; Lina Piepsch—deceased. Brothers and Spouses: None. Sisters and Spouses: Lucia Sondland Pruzan (Sister): $500.00, 10–27–2017, Demo-cratic Central Cmte of Washington (D); $500.00, 06–19–2017, Friends of Maria; $500.00, 05–30–2017, Gillibrand, Kirsten (D); $500.00, 05– 02–2017, Democratic Central Cmte of Wash-ington (D); $250.00, 09–08–2016, Jayapal, Pramila (D); $200.00, 08–02–2016, Murray, Patty (D); $1,300.00, 03–31–2016, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D); $1,500.00, 03– 10–2016, Murray Victory Fund; $2,200.00, 03– 08–2016, Clinton, Hillary (D); $250.00, 02–22– 2016, Democratic Central Cmte of Wash-ington (D); $500.00, 01–19–2016, Clinton, Hil-lary (D); $900.00, 11–24–2015, Murray, Patty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.049 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4405 June 26, 2018 
(D); $100.00, 11–17–2015, WA State Demo Cent Comm; $1,000.00, 09–18–2015, Murray Victory Fund; $100.00, 08–12–2015, Murray, Patty (D); $900.00, 08–12–2015, Murray, Patty (D); $300.00, 12–01–2014, Murray, Patty (D); $850.00, 04–09– 2014, Murray, Patty (D); $400.00, 04–09–2014, Murray, Patty (D); $500.00, 03–11–2014, Mur-ray, Patty (D); $500.00, 10–29–2013, Franken, Al (D). Herbert L. Pruzan (Spouse of Sister): $250.00, 12–18–2017, Ruiz, Raul (D); $500.00, 11– 30–2017, Rittereiser, Jason (D); $500.00, 11–03– 2017, Schner, Kim (D); $500.00, 10–27–2017, WA State Demo Cent Comm; $500.00, 09–19–2017, Schner, Kim (D); $500.00, 09–05–2017, Delbene, Suzan (D); $1,000.00, 08–21–2017, Brown, Sherrod(D); $500.00, 08–08–2017, Larsen, Rick (ID); $1,000.00, 07–24–2017, Cantwell, Mana (D), $500.00, 06–19–2017, Friends of Maria; $250.00, 05–08–2017, Dr Raul Ruiz for Congress; $500.00, 05–02–2017, WA State Demo Cent Comm; $1,250.00, 05–02–2017, People for Patty Murray; $500.00, 08–16–2016, Denny Heck for Congress; $500.00, 08–09–2016, Adam Smith for Congress Committee; $800.00, 07–29–2016, People for Patty Murray; $200.00, 07–29–2016, People for Patty Murray; $500.00, 07–19–2016, People for Derek Kilmer; $500.00, 07–11–2016, Walkinshaw, Brady (D); $500.00, 04–14–2016, Delbene for Congress; $500.00, 03–11–2016, Mur-ray, Patty (D); $250.00, 02–22–2016, WA State Demo Cent Comm; $1,000.00, 09–13–2015, Russ for Wisconsin; $500.00, 06–10–2015, Dr. Paul Ruiz for Congress; $250.00, 03–04–2015, Adam Smith for Congress Committee; $250.00, 01– 29–2015, Friends for Jim McDermott; $1,000.00, 10–01–2014, Cantwell for Women in the Senate 2014; $500.00, 09–30–2014, Dr. Paul Ruiz for Congress; $500.00, 09–17–2014, Cory Booker for Senate; $500.00, 09–17–2014, Cory Booker for Senate; $250.00, 07–28–2014, Citizens to Elect Rick Larsen; $500.00, 07–27–2014, Adam Smith for Congress Committee; $500.00, 07–21–2014, Delbene for Congress; $500.00, 06–05–2014, Denny Heck for Congress; $250.00, 06–01–2014, People for Derek Kilmer; $250.00, 01–28–2014, Friends for Jim McDermott; $500.00, 12–06– 2013, Schatz for Senate; $500.00, 10–29–2013, Franken, Al (D); $500.00, 10–20–2013, Citizens to Elect Rick Larsen; $500.00, 08–25–2013, Delbene for Congress; $1,000.00, 08–18–2013, Adam Smith for Congress Committee; $1,000.00, 04–18–2013, Hoyer for Congress; $500.00, 02–27–2013, People for Patty Murray; $500.00, 02–13–2013, People for Patty Murray; $250.00, 02–05–2013, Friends for Jim McDermott; $500.00, 01–09–2013, WA State Demo Cent Comm. E
XHIBIT A 
GORDON D . SONDLAND IMMEDIATE FAMILY  
POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS  
(2013 TO PRESENT)  Category, federal/state/local, contributor, date, amount, recipient: Money to Candidate, Local, Buena Vista Investments, 08–17–2017, $500.00, Friends of Dan Saltzman. Money to Candidate, State, Buena Vista Investments, 11–11–2013, $2,500.00, Kitzhaber for Governor. Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 05–07–2018, $10,400.00, Tillis, Thom (R). Money to Candidate, State, Durant, Kath-erine, 05–07–2018, $25,000.00, Buehler, Knute (R). Money to Party, Federal, Durant, Kath-erine, 05–07–2018, $33,900.00, National Repub-lican Senatorial Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 10–01–2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 06–13–2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 06–13–2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe (R). Money to Party, Federal, Durant, Kath-erine, 04–19–2016, $10,000.00, Republican Party, of Kentucky (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 03–31–2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 03–31–2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 03–31–2016, $15,400.00, Rand Paul Victory Kentucky. Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 11–17–2015, $2,700.00, McCain, John (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 11–17–2015, $2,700.00, McCain, John (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 09–21–2015, $2,700.00, Wyden, Ron (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 09–21–2015, $2,300.00, Wyden, Ron (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 06–23–2015, $2,700.00, Bush, Jeb (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 03–28–2014, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Durant, Katherine, 03–28–2014, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–18–2017, $250.00, Ruiz, Raul (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–04–2017, $125.00, Durkan, Jenny A. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–04–2017, $250.00, Pellicciotti, Michael J. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 11–30–2017, $500.00, Rittereiser, Jason (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 11–03–2017, $500.00, Schrier, Kim (D). Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 10–27–2017, $500.00, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–19–2017, $500.00, Schrier, Kim (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–05–2017, $500.00, Delbene, Suzan (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–26–2017, $250.00, Johanknecht, Mitzi G. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–21–2017, $1,000.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–21–2017, $1,000.00, Brown, Sherrod (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–08–2017, $500.00, Larsen, Rick (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–24–2017, $1,000.00, Cantwell, Maria (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 0740–2017, $250.00, Durkan, Jenny A. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–19–2017, $500.00, Friends of Maria. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–06–2017, $500.00, Constantine, James Dow. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–08–2017, $250.00, Dr. Paul Ruiz for Congress. Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 05–02–2017, $500.00, WA State, Demo Cent Comm. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–02–2017, $1,250.00, People for Patty Murray. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 04–24–2017, $250.00, Dhingra, Manka. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–19–2016, $250.00, Murray, Edward B. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–24–2016, $200.00, Pellicciotti, Michael J. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–21–2016, $200.00, Probst, timothy P. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–14–2016, $200.00, Mullet, Mark D. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–10–2016, $500.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–10–2016, $200.00, Peloquin, Marisa K. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–06–2016, $500.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–06–2016, $200.00, Wellman, Lisa Z. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–16–2016, $500.00, Denny Heck for Con-gress. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–11–2016, $375.00, Podlodowski, Tina M. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–09–2016, $500.00, Adam Smith for Con-gress Committee. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–29–2016, $800.00, People for Patty Murray. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–29–2016, $200.00, People for Patty Murray. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–19–2016, $500.00, People for Derek Kil-mer. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–11–2016, $500.00, Walkinshaw, Brady (D). Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Herbert, 06–21–2016, $500.00, House Demo Camp Comm. Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Herbert, 06–21–2016, $500.00, WA State, Demo Cent Comm. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–03–2016, $125.00, Senn, Tana D. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–02–2016, $125.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–12–2016, $250.00, Sprung, Jeffrey T. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–05–2016, $1,000.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 04–14–2016, $500.00, Delbene for Congress. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–11–2016, $500.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–05–2016, $500.00, Pellicciotti, Michael J. Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 02–22–2016, $250.00, WA State, Demo Cent Comm. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 01–25–2016, $125.00, Podlodowski, Tina M. Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Herbert, 12–11–2015, $1,000.00, WA State, Demo Cent Comm. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–13–2015, $1,000.00, Russ for Wisconsin. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–29–2015, $625.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–22–2015, $250.00, Banks, Pamela L. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–22–2015, $250.00, Burgess, Timothy L. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–10–2015, $500.00, Dr. Paul Ruiz for Congress. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–09–2015, $100.00, Godden, Jean H. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–04–2015, $250.00, Adam Smith for Con-gress Committee. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 01–29–2015, $250.00, Friends for Jim McDermott. Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Herbert, 01–21–2015, $500.00, WA State Demo Cent Comm Non Exempt. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–12–2014, $125.00, Billig, Andrew S. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–09–2014, $125.00, Frockt, David S. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Carlyle, Reuven M. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Farrell, Jessyn. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Goodman, Roger. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.035 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4406 June 26, 2018 
Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Goodman, Roger. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Goodman, Roger. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–07–2014, $125.00, Senn, Tana D. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–01–2014, $1,000.00, Cantwell for Women in the Senate 2014. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–30–2014, $500.00, Dr. Paul Ruiz for Congress. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–17–2014, $125.00, Pallet, Gerald M. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–17–2014, $500.00, Cory Booker for Sen-ate. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–17–2014, $500.00, Cory Booker for Sen-ate. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–15–2014, $250.00, Green, Tami J. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–14–204, $250.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–28–2014 $250.00 Citizens to Elect Rick Larsen. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–27–2014, $500.00, Adam Smith for Con-gress Committee. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–21–2014, $500.00, Delbene for Congress. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–05–2014, $500.00, Denny Heck for Con-gress. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–01–2014, $250.00, People for Derek Kil-mer. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–24–2014, $200.00, Song, Shari A. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–23–2014, $200.00, lsenhower, Matthew A. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 01–28–2014, $250.00, Friends for Jim McDermott. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–06–2013, $500.00, Schatz for Senate. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–29–2013, $500.00, Franken, Al (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–25–2013, $250.00, Song, Shari A. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–20–2013, $500.00, Citizens to Elect Rick Larsen. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–12–2013, $500.00, Murray, Edward B. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–25–2013, $500.00, Delbene for Congress. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–18–2013, $1,000.00, Adam Smith for Congress Committee. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 04–18–2013, $1,000.00, Hoyer for Congress. Money to Candidate, Federal Pruzan, Her-bert, 02–27–2013, $500.00, People for Patty Murray. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 02–14–2013, $200.00, Staadecker, Charles G. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 02–13–2013, $500.00, People for Patty Murray. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 02–05–2013, $250.00, Friends for Jim McDermott. Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 01–09–2013, $500.00, WA State Demo Cent Comm. Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Herbert, 12–13–2017, $120.00, Grandmothers Against Gun Violence. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 12–04–2017, $125.00, Durkan, Jenny A. Money to Party Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 10–27–2017, $500.00, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–10–2017, $250.00, Durkan, Jenny A. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–22–2017, $125.00, Durkan, Jenny A. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–19–2017, $500.00, Friends of Maria. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–06–2017, $500.00, Constantine, James Dow. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–30–2017, $500.00, Gillibrand, Kirsten (D). Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 05–02–2017, $500.00, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 04–24–2017, $250.00, Dhingra, Manka. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–21–2016, $250.00, Walkinshaw, Brady (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–10–2016, $500.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 09–08–2016, $250.00, Jayapal, Pramila (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–11–2016, $375.00, Podlodowski, Tina M. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 08–02–201, $200.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 07–22–2016, $250.00, Banks, Pamela L. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–21–2016, $625.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–21–2016, $375.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 06–03–2016, $125.00, Senn, Tana D. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-
bert, 06–02–2016, $125.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 05–24–2016, $250.00, Sprung, Jeffrey T. Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 03–31–2016, $1,300.00, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–10–2016, $1,500.00, Murray Victory Fund. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 03–08–2016, $2,200.00, Clinton, Hillary (D). Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 02–22–2016, $250.00, Democratic Central Cmte of Washington (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Her-bert, 01–25–2016, $125.00, Podlodowski, Tina M. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 01–19–2016, $500.00, Clinton, Hillary (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Her-bert, 11–24–2015, $900.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Party, Federal, Pruzan, Herbert, 11–17–2015, $100.00, WA State Demo Cent Comm. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Her-bert, 10–21–2015, $250.00, Burgess, Timothy L. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Lucia, 10–21–2015, $250.00, Burgess, Timothy L. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 09–18–2015, $1,000.00, Murray Victory Fund. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 08–12–2015, $100.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 08–12–2015, $900.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Lucia, 07–29–2015, $625.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Lucia, 07–22–2015, $250.00, Burgess, Timothy L. Money to Candidate, Local, Pruzan, Lucia, 03–09–2015, $100.00, Godden, Jean H. Money to Party, State, Pruzan, Lucia, 01– 21–2015, $500.00, WA State Demo Cent Comm Non Exempt. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 12–01–2014, $300.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Lucia, 09–14–2014, $250.00, Ferguson, Robert W. Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Lucia, 07–15–2014, $1,000.00, Inslee, Jay R. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 04–09–2014, $850.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 04–09–2014, $400.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, State, Pruzan, Lucia, 04–07–2014, $250.00, Senn, Tana D. Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 03–11–2014, $500.00, Murray, Patty (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Pruzan, Lucia, 10–29–2013, $500.00, Franken, Al (D). Money to Candidate, Local, Sondland, Gor-don, 08–17–2017, $500.00, Friends of Dan Saltzman. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–16–2017, $600.00, Tillis, Thom (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–16–2017, $2,700.00, Tillis, Thom (R). Money to PAC, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–16–2017, $5,000.00, Together Holding Our Majority PAC (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 05–16–2017, $1,100.00, National Republican Senatorial Cmte (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 05–16–2017, $33,900.00, National Repub-lican Senatorial Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–16–2017, $10,000.00, Tillis Majority Committee. Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 06–28–2016, $5,000.00, Republican National Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–24–2016, $10,000.00, Portman Vic-tory Committee. Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 06–24–2016, $10,000.00, Ohio Republican Party State Central. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–17–2016, $2,700.00, Portman, Rob (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–09–2016, $2,100.00, Tillis, Thom (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–09–2016, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom (R). Money to PAC, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–31–2016, $4,700.00, Together Holding Our Majority PAC (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 05–31–2016, $33,400.00, National Repub-lican Senatorial Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–31–2016, $9,400.00, Tillis Majority Committee. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–24–2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 05–24–2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 04–19–2016, $10,000.00, Republican Party of Kentucky (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 03–31–2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 03–31–2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 03–31–2016, $15,400.00, Rand Paul Vic-tory Kentucky. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 11–17–2015, $2,700.00, McCain, John (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 11–17–2015, $2,700.00, McCain, John 
(R). Money to Candidate, Local, Sondland, Gor-don, 10–23–2015, $700.00, Tim Burgess for Se-attle. Money to Candidate, Local, Sondland, Gor-don, 10–23–2015, $700.00, Banks, Pamela L. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 09–21–2015, $2,300.00, Wyden, Ron (D). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 09–21–2015, $2,700.00, Wyden, Ron (D). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 09–11–2015, $1,600.00, Republican National Cmte (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 09–11–2015, $33,400.00, Republican Na-tional Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–23–2015, $2,700.00, Bush, Jeb (R). Money to SuperPAC/Outside Group, Fed-eral, Sondland, Gordon, 01–14–2015, $25,000.00, Right to Rise USA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.037 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4407 June 26, 2018 
Money to Candidate, State, Sondland, Gor-don, 04–24–2014, $500.00, John Kitzhaber for Governor. Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 03–24–2014, $2,600.00, Land, Terri Lynn (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 03–24–2014, $2,600.00, Land, Terri Lynn (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 12–31–2013, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 12–31–2013, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 07–30–2013, $2,000.00, Griffith, Wells (R). Money to Party, Federal, Sondland, Gor-don, 06–28–2013, $32,400.00, Republican Na-tional Cmte (R). Money to Candidate, Federal, Sondland, Gordon, 06–07–2013, $1,000.00, Beutler, Jaime Herrera (R). The foregoing list of political contribu-tions was created using available public and private resources and is believed to be accu-rate in all material respects. However, par-ticularly for state and local contributions where public records are limited, there may have been contributions made which were not discovered and thus not disclosed herein. J
UNE15, 2018. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT MENENDEZ , Ranking Member, Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER  M
ENENDEZ : Please update my Committee Questionnaire and my Federal Campaign Contribution Report based on the informa-tion outlined below. Committee Questionnaire: Part B, Question 6, entitled ‘‘Political Con-tributions’’ should be amended to include the following contributions: Gordon Sondland: 1. On May 2, 2016, the amount of $2,927.50 was returned to Gordon Sondland by Right to Rise USA 2. On July 17, 2017, the amount of $1,700.00 was returned to Gordon Sondland by the Tillis Majority Committee Maximilian Sondland: 1. On December 21, 2015, Maximilian Sondland (son of Gordon Sondland) made a political contribution in the amount of $2,700 to Jeb Bush through JEB 2016, Inc. Federal Campaign Contribution Report: The ‘‘Self’’ section of my Federal Cam-paign Contribution Report should be amend-ed to include the following contributions: 1. On May 2, 2016, the amount of $2,927.50 was returned to Gordon Sondland by Right to Rise USA 2. On July 17, 2017, the amount of $1,700.00 was returned to Gordon Sondland by the Tillis Majority Committee The ‘‘Children and Spouses’’ section of my Federal Campaign Contribution Report should be amended to include the following contribution: 1. On December 21, 2015, Maximilian Sondland (son of Gordon Sondland) made a political contribution in the amount of $2,700 to Jeb Bush through JEB 2016, Inc. Thank you and the Committee for consid-eration of my nomination. Sincerely, G
ORDON SONDLAND . 
*Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Re-public of Korea. Nominee: Harry B. Harris, Jr. Post: Ambassador to Republic of Korea. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Harry B Harris, Jr.: None. 2. Spouse: Brunhilde K Bradley: None . 3. Children and Spouses: No children: N/A. 4. Parents: Harry B. Harris (died 1995), Fumiko Harris (d. 2008): N/A (Both deceased). 5. Grandparents: Ward Harris (d. 1964), Delia Harris (d. 1932), lwakazu Ohno (d. 1947), Tsuyano Ohno (d.1946): N/A (All deceased). 6. Brothers and Spouses: None; am only child: N/A. 7. Sisters and Spouses: None; am only child: N/A. *Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Belgium. Nominee: Ronald Gidwitz. Post: Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bel-gium. Nominated: May 24. 2018. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, donee, date, and amount: Self, Spouse, Children and Spouses, Parents, Grandparents, Brothers and Spouses, Sisters and Spouses: See Attached. RON GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date, and donee: $(2,700.00), 3/8/2018, The Hatch Election Committee Inc. $5,000.00, 11/1/2017, Dan Schwartz for Gov-ernor. $2,700.00, 10/26/2017, Deb Fischer for U.S. Senate. $5,000.00, 10/24/2017, Illinois Business Immi-gration Coalition Fund. $1,009.04, 10/24/2017, Florida Grown. $1,516.97, 10/11/2017, David Perdue For Sen-ate. $1,000.00, 10/11/2017, Vogel for Virginia. $2,700.00, 9/29/2017, Zeldin For Congress. $5,400.00, 9/14/2017, The Hatch Election Com-mittee Inc. $5,400.00, 9/12/2017, Brady For Congress. $5,400.00, 8/29/2017, Strange for Senate. $500.00, 8/29/2017, Citizens For Glenda Mil-ler. $5,400.00, 8/24/2017, Texans For Senator John Cornyn, Inc. $5,400.00, 8/24/2017, Cotton Victory Group. $2,700.00, 8/17/2017, Yoder For Congress. $5,400.00, 8/10/2017, Alaskans For Dan Sul-livan. $5,400.00, 7/10/2017, Heller For Senate. $5,400.00, 6/15/2017, Duffy For Wisconsin. $5,400.00, 6/7/2017, Team Graham. $5,000.00, 5/10/2017, New Prosperity Founda-tion. $35,000.00, 5/10/2017, Republican National Committee. $5,400.00, 5/10/2017, Kinzinger For Congress. $17,500.00, 5/10/2017, National Republican Congressional Committee. $17,500.00, 5/10/2017, National Republican Congressional Committee. $35.00, 5/4/2017, Illinois Republican Party. $10,000.00, 3/29/2017, Transfer To Ed Gillespie For Governor. $35,000.00, 3/29/2017, NRSC. $25,000.00, 3/29/2017, Republican Governors Association. $3,000.00, 3/24/2017, Jeff Flake For U.S. Sen-ate. $5,400.00, 3/16/2017, Roskam For Congress. $2,700.00, 3/1/2017, Friends Of John Barrasso. $5,000.00, 12/5/2016, Gun Violence Preven-tion. $2,700.00, 10/27/2016, Walorski For Congress. $2,134.56, 10/24/2016, Scalise Leadership Fund. $2,134.56, 10/24/2016, The Eye of the Tiger Political Action Committee. $1,000.00, 10/14/2016, Khouri For Congress. $2,700.00, 10/11/2016, Team McHenry. $1,000.00, 9/22/2016, Wilson For Attorney General. $1,000.00, 9/22/2016, Friends Of Keith Brin. $25,000.00, 9/22/2016, Team Ryan. $2,700.00, 9/22/2016, Mike Bost For Congress. $2,700.00, 9/2/2016, McSally For Congress. $25,000.00, 7/1/2016, Trump Victory. $5,000.00, 6/30/2016, Fund For America’s Fu-ture. $1,000.00, 6/28/2016, Economic Freedom Alli-ance. $35,000.00, 5/26/2016, Republican National Committee. $(11,710.00), 5/17/2016, Right To Rise Super PAC, Inc. $10,000.00, 5/9/2016, Strong Leadership For America. $2,700.00, 5/5/2016, Kustoff For Congress. $(3,112.83), 5/2/2016, Liz Cheney For Wyo-ming. $5,400.00, 4/12/2016, Friends Of Todd Young. $5,400.00, 4/12/2016, Friends Of Roy Blunt. $5,400.00, 4/12/2016, Friends Of Kelly Ayotte. $2,700.00, 4/12/2016, Jerry Moran. $5,400.00, 4/12/2016, Friends Of Joe Heck. $25,000.00, 4/8/2016, Republican Governors Association. $25,000.00, 3/18/2016, Citizen PAC. $2,700.00, 3/8/2016, Congressman Kevin Yoder. $1,000.00, 2/22/2016, Joe For County Board 5. $5,400.00, 2/18/2016, John Boozman For Sen-ate. $5,400.00, 2/11/2016, Charles Boustany, Jr. MD For Senate, Inc. $5,400.00, 2/11/2016, Liz Cheney For Wyo-ming. $2,700.00, 12/17/2015, Volunteers for Shim-kus. $(1,050.23), 12/16/2015, Stivers For Congress. $(1,345.59), 12/16/2015, Mike Crapo. $5,400.00, 11/20/2015, Lisa Murkowski For U.S. Senate. $500.00, 11/11/2015, Rebecca Negron For Con-gress. $5,400.00, 11/6/2015, Stivers For Congress. $5,000.00, 9/22/2015, Independent MAPS. $5,000.00, 9/17/2015, Illinois Republican Party. $5,000.00, 9/17/2015, Gun Violence Preven-tion. $5,400.00, 9/15/2015, Scalise Leadership Fund. $5,400.00, 8/26/2015, McCarthy Victory Fund. $5,400.00, 7/27/2015, Crapo For U.S. Senate. $(2,700.00), 7/23/2015, Marco Rubio for Presi-dent. $2,500.00, 7/22/2015, Friends Of Jason Barickman. $5,400.00, 7/14/2015, The Richard Burr Com-mittee. $(1,461.84), 7/10/2015, Citizens For Leslie Munger. $25,000.00, 6/29/2015, New Prosperity Founda-tion. $5,400.00, 6/25/2015, JEB 2016. $2,700.00, 6/25/2015, Yoder For Congress, Inc. $5,000.00, 6/25/2015, Citizens For Leslie Munger. $75,000.00, 6/22/2015, Right To Rise Super PAC, Inc. $5,400.00, 6/22/2015, Fattah For Congress. $1,000.00, 6/18/2015, Elise For Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.038 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4408 June 26, 2018 
$2,700.00, 6/18/2015, The Grassley Committee. $(260.00), 6/15/2015, Cantor For Congress. $2,700.00, 6/9/2015, Duffy For Congress. $5,400.00, 5/28/2015, Ron Johnson For Senate. $5,400.00, 5/20/2015, Roskam For Congress. $5,000.00, 5/20/2015, Roskam PAC. $2,700.00, 5/18/2015, Eric Holcomb For Indi-ana. $5,400.00, 5/6/2015, McHenry For Congress. $(2,500.00), 4/20/2015, Schock For Congress. $5,000.00, 4/17/2015, Lake County Republican Federation. $1,000.00, 4/3/2015, Citizens For Richardson. $2,700.00, 4/2/2015, Friends Of John McCain. $2,700.00, 3/26/2015, Kinzinger For Congress. $2,700.00, 3/26/2015, LaHood For Congress. $2,700.00, 3/26/2015, Rodney For Congress. $5,400.00, 3/23/2015, Friends of Pat Toomey. $12,500.00, 3/20/2015, Economic Freedom Alli-ance. $30,000.00, 3/16/2015, NRSC. $250.00, 3/12/2015, Citizens For Steve Chirico. $4,400.00, 3/12/2015, Dold For Congress. $1,000.00, 3/10/2015, Citizens For Dan Patlak. $2,700.00, 3/3/2015, Grassley Committee Inc. $5,000.00, 2/12/2015, GOP Generation-Y Fund. $5,400.00, 2/12/2015, Friends of Mike Lee. $5,200.00, 2/12/2015, Schock For Congress. $5,400.00, 2/12/2015, Tim Scott For Senate. $25,000.00, 2/12/2015, Right To Rise Super PAC, Inc. $2,600.00, 2/12/2015, Mike Bost For Congress. $5,200.00, 2/12/2015, Marco Rubio for Presi-dent. $5,200.00, 2/12/2015, Portman For Senate Committee. $32,400.00, 2/12/2015, The Republican Na-tional Committee. $25,000.00, 2/12/2015, Republican Governors Association. $15,000.00, 2/12/2015, NRCC. $15,000.00, 2/12/2015, NRCC. $5,200.00, 12/19/2014, Kirk For Senate. $1,000.00, 12/11/2014, Dold For Congress. $2,600.00, 11/14/2014, Bill Cassidy For Senate. $100.00, 10/31/2014, Friends Of Jason Barickman. $5,000.00, 10/22/2014, Ron Weiser For UM Re-gent. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, New Hampshire For Scott Brown. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, Dan Sullivan For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, Steve Danies For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, David Perdue For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, Monica Wehby For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, Corey Gardner For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 10/10/2014, Marco Rubio Victory Committee. $500.00, 10/10/2014, Citizens For Jim Moy-nihan. $2,600.00, 9/12/2014, Stivers For Congress. $7,000.00, 9/12/2014, NRCC. $1,000.00, 9/12/2014, Friends Of Demetra. $2,600.00, 9/12/2014, Perdue For Senate. $5,300.00, 9/11/2014, Cross For Treasurer. $2,600.00, 9/5/2014, Joni For Iowa. $2,600.00, 9/4/2014, Yoder For Congress. $2,600.00, 9/4/2014, Carl DiMaio For Con-gress. $25,000.00, 8/26/2014, Citizens For Rauner. $2,600.00, 8/26/2014, Ed Gillespie For Senate. $5,300.00, 8/20/2014, Citizens For Leslie Munger. $1,000.00, 8/6/2014, Citizens For Durkin. $25,000.00, 8/5/2014, Roskam Victory Com-mittee. $2,600.00, 8/1/2014, Schilling For Congress. $5,000.00, 7/16/2014, Illinois Republican Party. $32,400.00, 7/2/2014, Republican National Committee. $625.02, 6/27/2014, Terri Lynn Land For Sen-ate. $2,600.00, 6/26/2014, Oberweis For Senate. $2,600.00, 6/26/2014, Oberweis For Senate. $2,600.00, 6/26/2014, The Thom Tillis Com-mittee. $2,600.00, 6/26/2014, Mike Bost For Congress Committee. $2,600.00, 6/18/2014, McFadden For Senate. $2,600.00, 6/18/2014, McConnell Senate Commitee ’14. $10,000.00, 6/17/2014, Mississippi Conserv-atives. $2,600.00, 6/16/2014, Kinzinger For Congress. $2,600.00, 6/16/2014, Schock For Congress. $2,600.00, 5/16/2014, Senger For Congress. $2,600.00, 5/15/2014, Terri Lynn Land For Senate. $10,000.00, 5/8/2014, Freedom Pioneers Action Network. $2,600.00, 5/8/2014, Walorski For Congress. $25,000.00, 5/7/2014, USA Super PAC. $2,600.00, 4/23/2014, Friends Of Susan Brooks. $1,000.00, 4/7/2014, Citizens for Christine Radogno. $767.54, 4/7/2014, Ed Gillespie For Senate. $5,000.00, 3/18/2014, Illinois Republican Party. $10,000.00, 3/18/2014, New Prosperity Founda-tion. $5,000.00, 3/4/2014, Lake County Repbulican Federation. $2,600.00, 2/21/2014, Hoosiers For Rokita. $1,000.00, 2/20/2014, Americans For Doug Truax. $25,000.00, 2/6/2014, Citizens For Rauner. $1,000.00, 1/28/2014, Election Judge Associa-tion. $500.00, 1/28/2014, Glenda L. Miller for Coun-ty Treasurer. $25,000.00, 1/21/2014, Republican Governors Association. Total: $1,159,232.20. Items on the FEC report not listed above. These items are redesignations/recategoriza-tions done by the Committees and not addi-tional donations. See memo sections of the filings. $2,700.00, 9/8/2017, Cotton for Senate. $2,700.00, 9/8/2017, Cotton for Senate. $5,400.00, 5/22/2017, Adam Kinzinger—Future 1st Committee. $17,500.00, 5/16/2017, Team Ryan. $17,500.00, 5/16/2017, Team Ryan. $2,700.00, 3/7/2017, McHenry for Congress. $2,700.00, 9/30/2016, Ryan for Congress, Inc. $22,300.00, 9/30/2016, NRCC. $2,700.00, 7/21/2016, Donald J Trump for President, Inc. $2,700.00, 7/21/2016, Donald J Trump for President, Inc. $2,700.00, 9/30/2015, Scalise for Congress. $2,700.00, 9/30/2015, Scalise for Congress. $2,700.00, 9/21/2015, McCarthy for Congress. $2,700.00, 9/21/2015, McCarthy for Congress. $(2,700,00), 7/30/2015, Jeb 2016, Inc. $5,400.00, 6/30/2015, Jeb 2016, Inc. $5,400.00, 2/26/2015, Friends of Mike Lee Inc. $5,400.00, 2/26/2015, Friends of Mike Lee Inc. $1,560.00, 11/19/2014, Reclaim America PAC. $1,040.00, 11/19/2014, Marco Rubio for US Senate. $5,000.00, 8/5/2014, Republican Operation to Secure and Keep A Majority (Roskam PAC). $17,400.00, 8/5/2014, NRCC. $2,600.00, 8/5/2014, Roskam for Congress Committee. 
CHRISTINA GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date and donee: $5,400.00, 8/29/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $2,700.00, 9/27/2015, Chris Christie for Presi-dent Inc. Total: $8,100.00. Items on the FEC report not listed above. These items are redesignations/recategoriza-tions done by the Committees and not addi-tional donations. See memo sections of the filings. $2,700.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $2,700.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $5,400.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $2,700.00, 7/30/2015, JEB 2016, Inc. $2,700 00, 6/23/2015, Fattah for Congress. ALEXANDER GIDWITZ AND MARLIEN BRANDIES  
GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date and donee: None. 
SCOTT GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date and donee: $5,400.00, 8/29/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $2,600.00, 6/30/2014, Thom Tillis Committee. $2,600.00, 3/7/2014, Ed Gillespie for Senate. $2,600.00, 3/4/2014, Osborn for Senate Inc. Total: $13,200.00. Items on the FEC report not listed above. These items are redesignations/recategoriza-tions done by the Committees and not addi-tional donations. See memo sections of the filings. $2,700.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $2,700.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. $5,400.00, 8/30/2016, Marco Rubio for Senate 2016. Parents—Deceased: Contributions, amount, date and donee, None. Grandparents—Deceased: Contributions, amount, date and donee, None. 
JAMES GIDWITZ AND KATHYRN GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date and donee: 1,000.00, 3/21/2018, Mike Bost For Congress Committee. 5,000.00, 3/21/2018, Friends Of Michelle Smith. 1,000.00, 3/1/2018, Roskam For Congress. 1,000.00, 2/2/2018, Shiva 4 Senate. 1,000.00, 10/18/2017, Texans for Senator John Cornyn Inc. 1,000.00, 10/2/2017, Zeldin for Congress. 1,000.00, 9/30/2017, Heller for Senate. 1,000.00, 6/21/2017, Duffy For Wisconsin. 5,000.00, 5/25/2017, Friends Of Michelle Smith. 1,000.00, 5/16/2017, Roskam For Congress. 1,000.00, 11/4/2016, Walorski For Congress. 25,000.00, 10/3/2016, Trump Victory. 1,000.00, 8/16/2016, Rob Portman For Senate. 1,000.00, 8/12/2016, Marco Rubio For Senate. 10,000.00, 7/8/2016, Trump Victory. 500.00, 5/23/2016, Khouri For Congress. 1,000.00, 4/19/2016, Friends Of Todd Young. 1,000.00, 3/4/2016, Boustany for Senate Inc. 1,000.00, 2/26/2016, Liz Cheney For Wyoming. 5,000.00, 1/27/2016, 43rd Ward Democrats. 1,000.00, 1/27/2016, Thomas Day For Con-gress. 1,000.00, 8/20/2015, Crapo For U.S. Senate. 1,000.00, 6/8/2015, Friends Of Michelle Smith. 1,000 00, 6/3/2015, Ron Johnson For Senate. 1,000 00, 5/15/2015, McHenry For Congress. 1,000.00, 4/7/2015, Friends Of Pat Toomey. 1,000.00, 4/2/2015, Mike Bost For Congress Committee. 250 00, 3/31/2015, Citizens For Chirico. 2,500.00, 3/16/2015, Friends Of Michelle Smith. 1,000 00, 3/6/2015, Tim Scott For Senate. 1,000.00, 2/6/2015, Citizens For Dan Patlak. 2,600.00, 11/25/2014, Bill Cassidy For Senate. 1,000.00, 10/23/2014, Senger For Congress. 2,600.00, 10/9/2014, Oberweiss For U.S. Sen-ate 2,600.00, 9/10/2014, Joni For Iowa. 2,600.00, 7/3/2014, Thom Tillis For Senate Committee. 2,600.00, 7/1/2014, Mike Bost For Congress Committee. 1,000.00, 5/23/2014, Terri Lynn Land For Sen-ate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.052 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4409 June 26, 2018 
1,000.00, 5/19/2014, Sullivan For Senate. 2,600.00, 3/12/2014, Osborn For Senate Inc. 2,600.00, 3/5/2014, Ed Gillespie For Senate. 5,300.00, 3/5/2014, Friends Of Michelle Smith. Total: $102,750.00, Items on the FEC report not listed above. These items are redesignations/recategoriza-tions done by the Committees and not addi-tional donations. See memo sections of the filings. 2,700.00, 9/28/2016, Republican National Committee. 22,300.00, 9/28/2016, Republican National Committee. 4,720.00, 7/21/2016, Republican National Committee. 2,580.00, 7/21/2016, Donald J Trump for Presi-dent, Inc. 2,700.00, 7/21/2016, Donald J Trump for Presi-dent, Inc. 1,000.00, 8/16/2016, Portman for Senate. 
PETER GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date, and donee, None. 
TOM AND GAIL GIDWITZ  Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 50.00, 3/17/2017, ACTBLUE. 25.00, 3/11/2017, ACTBLUE. 15.00, 1/30/2017, ACTBLUE. Total: 90.00. 
NANCY GIDWITZ AND JEFFREY GROSSMAN  Contributions, amount, date, and donee, none. 
UNITED INTERNATIONAL TRADING  Contributions, amount, date, and donee, none. 
ALLICOTT  Contributions, amount, date, and donee: $1,000.00, 9/15/2015, Friends of Scott Drury. $500.00, 2/27/2014, Committee to Elect Accarri. Total: 1,500.00. 
*Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Zimbabwe. Nominee—Brian A. Nichols. Post: U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributor, donee, date, amount: 1. Self—Brian A. Nichols: None. 2. Spouse—Geraldine L. Kam: None. 3. Children’s Names: Alexandra E. Nichols (no spouse): None.; Sophia E. Nichols (no spouse): None. 4. Parents Names: Charles H. Nichols, fa-ther (deceased): Mildred T. Nichols, mother: ActBlue, 04/01/2018, $0.30; ActBlue, 04/01/2018, $3.00; Cicilline Committee, 03/11/2018, $300.00; ActBlue, 03/01/2018, $3.00; ActBlue, 03/01/2018, $0.30; ActBlue, 02/01/2018, $3.00; ActBlue, 02/01/ 2018, $0.30; ActBlue, 01/01/2018, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/09/2017, $10.00; ActBlue, 12/09/2017, $1.00; ActBlue, 12/01/2017, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/01/2017, $0.30; ActBlue, 11/15/2017, $5.00; Cicilline Com-mittee, 11/12/2017, $250.00; ActBlue, 10/26/2017, $5.00; ActBlue, 10/26/2017, $100.00; ActBlue, 10/ 06/2017, $1.50; ActBlue, 10/06/2017, $15.00; ActBlue, 10/01/2017, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/01/2017, $0.30; ActBlue, 09/13/2017, $0.30; ActBlue, 09/13/ 2017, $3.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $3.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $5.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $50.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $50.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $5.00; ActBlue, 09/01/2017, $0.30; ActBlue, 08/15/ 2017, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/15/2017, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/04/2017, $3.00; ActBlue, 08/04/2017, $0.30; ActBlue, 08/02/2017, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/ 02/2017, $10.00; ActBlue, 07/12/2017, $1.50; ActBlue, 07/12/2017, $15.00; ActBlue, 03/26/2017, $1.50; ActBlue, 03/26/2017, $15.00; ActBlue, 03/ 23/2017, $5.00; ActBlue, 03/23/2017, $0.50; ActBlue, 03/01/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 03/01/2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 02/22/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 02/ 22/2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 02/22/2017, $5.00; ActBlue, 02/22/2017, $0.50; ActBlue, 01/31/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 01/31/2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 01/ 31/2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 01/31/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 01/31/2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 01/31/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 01/10/2017, $2.50; ActBlue, 01/10/ 2017, $25.00; ActBlue, 12/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 12/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 12/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 12/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/06/ 2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/06/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 11/29/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 11/29/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 11/21/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 11/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 11/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 11/15/ 2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 11/06/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 11/06/2016, $0.30; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline Committee, 10/29/2016, $100.00; Nichols, Mil-dred: ActBlue, 10/29/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 10/29/ 2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 10/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 10/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 10/15/2016 $3.00; ActBlue, 10/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 10/06/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/06/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 09/29/ 2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2016, $5.00; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline Committee, 09/29/2016, $100.00; Nichols, Mildres: ActBlue, 09/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 09/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 09/ 15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 09/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 09/12/2016, $1.00; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline Committee, 09/12/2016, $50.00; Nich-ols, Mildred: ActBlue, 09/06/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 09/06/2016, $0.30; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline Committee, 08/29/2016 $100.00; ActBlue, 08/29/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 08/29/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/27/2016, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/ 27/2016, Nichols, Mildred: $5.00; ActBlue, 08/21/ 2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 08/21/2016, $1.50; HILARY FOR AMERICA, 08/22/2016, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 08/15/2016, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline Committee, 06/ 29/2016, $100.00; Nichols, Mildred: ActBlue, 06/ 29/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 06/29/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 06/29/2016, $100.00; ActBlue, 06/21/ 2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 06/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 06/17/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 06/17/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 06/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 06/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 05/29/2016, $38.00; ActBlue, 05/ 29/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 05/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 05/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 05/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 05/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 05/09/ 2016, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred T.: Cicilline. Committee, 04/29/2016, $50.00; Nichols, Mildred T.: ActBlue, 04/29/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 04/29/ 2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 04/29/2016, $50.00; ActBlue, 04/29/2016, $38.00; ActBlue, 04/27/2016, $50.00; ActBlue, 04/27/2016, $1.00; ActBlue, 04/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 04/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 04/ 15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 04/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2016, $25.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2016, $2.50; ActBlue, 04/09/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 03/30/ 2016, $50.00; ActBlue, 03/30/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 03/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 03/21/2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 03/15/2016, $0.30; ActBlue, 03/15/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 03/09/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 02/21/ 2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 02/21/2016, $1.50; BERNIE 2016, 02/23/2016, $40.00; ActBlue, 02/16/2016, $20.00; ActBlue, 02/09/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 02/ 06/2016, $25.00; ActBlue, 02/06/2016, $2.50; ActBlue, 02/03/2016, $2.50; ActBlue, 02/03/2016, $2.50; ActBlue, 01/21/2016, $1.50; ActBlue, 01/21/ 2016, $15.00; ActBlue, 01/20/2016, $5.00; ActBlue, 01/20/2016, $50.00; ActBlue, 01/09/2016, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/21/2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 12/21/2015, $1.50; ActBlue, 12/16/2015, $5.00; ActBlue, 12/16/ 2015, $0.50; ActBlue, 12/15/2015, $50.00; ActBlue, 12/15/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 11/21/2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 11/21/2015, $1.50; ActBlue, 11/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 11/09/ 2015, $33.00; ActBlue, 11/09/2015, $3.30; ActBlue, 10/23/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 10/23/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 10/21/2015, $1.50; ActBlue, 10/21/2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 10/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/ 05/2015, $0.30; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.77; ActBlue, 10/05/ 2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.78; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 10/05/ 2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $2.77; ActBlue, 10/05/2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2015, $50.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2015, $2.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2015, $50.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/ 19/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 09/19/2015, $2.50; ActBlue, 09/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 08/17/2015, $20.00; ActBlue, 08/17/2015, $2.00; ActBlue, 08/ 09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 08/06/2015, $3.50; ActBlue, 08/06/2015, $35.00; ActBlue, 07/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 06/30/2015, $50.00; ActBlue, 06/ 30/2015, $5.00; ActBlue, 06/23/2015, $1.50; ActBlue, 06/23/2015, $15.00; ActBlue, 06/23/2015, $2.00; ActBlue, 06/23/2015, $20.00; ActBlue, 06/ 09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 05/27/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 05/27/2015, $2.50; ActBlue, 05/26/2015, $2.50; ActBlue, 05/26/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 05/ 09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 04/23/2015, $12.50; ActBlue, 04/23/2015, $2.00; ActBlue, 04/23/2015, $12.50; ActBlue, 04/23/2015, $12.50; ActBlue, 04/ 23/2015, $12.50; ActBlue, 04/15/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 04/15/2015, $10.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2015, $10.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2015, $2.50; ActBlue, 04/ 14/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2015, $10.00; ActBlue, 04/14/2015, $10.00; ActBlue, 04/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 03/ 26/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 03/26/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 03/26/2015, $25.00; ActBlue, 03/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 03/04/2015, $10.00; ActBlue, 03/ 04/2015, $1.00; ActBlue, 02/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 01/13/2015, $0.50; ActBlue, 01/13/2015, $5.00; ActBlue, 01/09/2015, $3.00; ActBlue, 12/09/ 2014, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred, T. Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, 12/09/ 2014, $3.00; Democratic Congressional Cam-paign Committee, 11/09/2014, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred: ActBlue, 11/09/2014, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred, T: Democratic Congressional Cam-paign Committee, 10/28/2014, $29.00; Nichols, Mildred: ActBlue, 10/20/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 10/20/2014, $2.50; Nichols, Mildred T.: Demo-cratic Congressional Campaign Committee, 10/19/2014, $3.00; Nichols, Mildred: ActBlue, 10/ 18/2014, $3.00; ActBlue, 10/06/2014, $3.50; ActBlue, 10/06/2014, $35.00; ActBlue, 09/29/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 09/29/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 09/ 07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/ 2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $3,00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1, 00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/2014, $1.00; ActBlue, 09/07/ 2014, $3.00; Leahy for U.S. Senator Com-mittee, 09/07/2014, $1.00; Democratic Congres-sional Campaign Committee, 08/31/2014, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/29/2014, $100.00; ActBlue, 08/24/2014, $3.50; ActBlue, 08/24/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/24/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 08/23/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/23/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 08/23/ 2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/23/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/23/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/23/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/22/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/22/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/22/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/ 22/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/22/2014, $5.00; ActBlue, 08/22/2014, $10.00; ActBlue, 08/15/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 08/15/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 08/ 09/2014, $3.00; ActBlue, 08/09/2014, $15.00; ActBlue, 07/31/2014, $3.50; ActBlue, 07/31/2014, $35.00; ActBlue, 07/27/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 07/ 27/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 07/27/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 07/27/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 07/26/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 07/26/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 07/ 24/2014, $35.00; ActBlue, 07/15/2014, $2.50; ActBlue, 07/15/2014, $25.00; ActBlue, 06/25/2014, $35.00; ActBlue, 06/25/2014, $3.50. 5. Grandparents: Charles H. Nichols, Sr. (deceased); Julia King Nichols (deceased); Thomas E. Thompson, Sr. (deceased); Lillian Clark Thompson (deceased). 6. Brothers and Spouses: David G. Nichols (brother); Moveon Org Political, 05/31/2018, $30.00; Democracy Engine Dc, 05/30/2018, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.055 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4410 June 26, 2018 
$48.00; ActBlue Stacey Abrams, 05/16/2018, $250.00; ActBlue Donatetodems, 05/16/2018, $25.00; Democracy Engine Dc, 04/30/2018, $48.40; Democracy Engine Dc, 03/30/2018, $48.40; ActBlue NcDems, 03/17/2018, $1,100.00; ActBlue NcDems, 03/17/2018, $275.00; Democ-racy Engine Dc, 02/28/2018, $48.40; Democracy Engine DC, 01/30/2018, $48.40; Moveon Org Po-litical, 12/09/2017, $500.00; ActBlue Nc Dems, 10/30/2017, $200.00; ActBlue Technicalsery Act, 10/14/2017 , $100.00; ActBlue NC DEMS ,08/16/ 2017, $110.00; ActBlue NC DEMS, 07/21/2017, $200.00; ActBlue NC DEMS, 06/02/2017, $250.00; ActBlue Rob Quist, 04/28/2017, $275.00; ActBlue Rob Quist, 03/31/2017, $50.00; DSCC, 03/10/2017, $750.00; Democrat Cong DC, 02/03/ 2017, $100.00; DSCC, 09/09/2014, $500. Mayme Boyd (spouse of David Nichols): Hagan Forward NC, 05/30/2014, $400.00; Hagan for US Senate Inc, 05/30/2014 $400.00. Keith F. Nichols (Brother): Emily’s List, 12/04/2017, $130.00; Emily’s List, 11/23/2017, $130.00; Emily’s List, 9/18/2017, $128.00; Kamala Harris for Senate, 9/21/2017, $50.00; Emily’s List, 10/31/2016, $85.00; Emily’s List, 3/ 14/2016, $25.00; Emily’s List, 1/26/2016, $30.00; ActBlue, 10/23/2014, $5.00; Emily’s List, 8/19/ 2014, $40.00. Michele Pitts Nichols (Spouse of Keith Nichols): ActBlue, 03/15/2018, $25.00; ActBlue, 08/10/2016, $25.00. 7. Sisters and Spouses None. 
*Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador. *Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (African Af-fairs). *Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Man-agement and Reform, with the rank of Am-bassador. *Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representa-tive of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Foreign Service nominations begin-ning with George Eugene Adair and ending with Brian J. McKenna, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD on May 10, 2018. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training. *Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3132. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the use of unauthor-ized unmanned aircrafts over wildfires; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3133. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to clarify certain requirements relating to solar elec-tric power generation projects; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3134. A bill to address the health and economic development impacts of nonattain-ment of federally mandated air quality standards in the San Joaquin Valley, Cali-fornia, by designating air quality empower-ment zones; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Mrs. HYDE-SMITH: S. 3135. A bill to prohibit Federal funding of State firearm ownership databases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3136. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the female telephone opera-tors of the Army Signal Corps, known as the ‘‘Hello Girls’’ ; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3137. A bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to im-prove efficiency and effectiveness; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3138. A bill to establish a regulatory sys-tem for marine aquaculture in the United States exclusive economic zone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): S. 3139. A bill to require State safety over-sight agencies to conduct safety inspections of public transportation systems that pro-vide rail fixed guideway public transpor-tation and to direct the Secretary of Trans-portation to develop risk-based inspection guidance for such agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ORAN , and Mrs. F ISCH-
ER): S. 3140. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to provide for the es-tablishment of a trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sellers of livestock, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR: S. 3141. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to provide for career and technical education research and outreach; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 3142. A bill to provide for proper over-sight of North Korea policy , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. NELSON ): S. 3143. A bill to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum re-search and development for the economic and national security of the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 220 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 220, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 477 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 477, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research and sur-veillance efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 700, a bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby Medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 804, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 888 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 888, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Opportunity Act to add disclo-sure requirements to the institution fi-nancial aid offer form and to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make such form mandatory. 
S. 1023 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.062 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4411 June 26, 2018 
(Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1023, a bill to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide fam-ily members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1318 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1318, a bill to protect the rights of passengers with disabilities in air transportation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protec-tions of the Fair Housing Act to per-sons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1811 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1811, a bill to promote merger enforce-ment and protect competition through adjusting premerger filing fees, in-creasing antitrust enforcement re-sources, and improving the information provided to antitrust enforcers. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2076, supra. 
S. 2276 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2276, a bill to require agencies to submit reports on out-standing recommendations in the an-nual budget justification submitted to Congress. 
S. 2330 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2330, a bill to prohibit earmarks. 
S. 2456 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2456, a bill to reauthorize and expand the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act of 2016. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Sen-ator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2579 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2579, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and expand a program of surveillance and edu-cation, carried out by the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention, re-garding infections associated with in-jection drug use. 
S. 2935 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2935, a bill to prioritize and sup-port the Human Intervention Motiva-tion Study (HIMS) program for flight crewmembers and the Flight Attendant Drug and Alcohol Program (FADAP) for flight attendants, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2938, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transpor-tation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Depart-ment of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. S. 3013 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3013, a bill to amend the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to require Congressional approval before the President adjusts imports that are de-termined to threaten to impair na-tional security. 
S. 3029 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from In-diana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3029, a bill to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Ex-pansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). 
S. 3041 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3041, a bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide for disaster recovery reforms, and for other purposes. 
S. 3112 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3112, a bill to pro-vide standards for facilities at which aliens in the custody of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security are de-tained, and for other purposes. 
S. 3113 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3113, a bill to promote dairy product innovation, including in specialty cheese, and value-added dairy product development for the economic benefit of United States dairy farmers and their communities. 
S. 3128 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3128, a bill to reau-thorize the National Flood Insurance Program. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution expressing solidarity with Falun Gong practi-tioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ har-vesting, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3070 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3070 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.021 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4412 June 26, 2018 
reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3071 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3071 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3085. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Ag-riculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3086. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3087. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3088. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3089. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3090. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3091. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3092. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3093. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3094. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3095. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3096. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3097. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. R UBIO) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3098. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3099. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3100. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3101. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3102. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. NEL-
SON, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. S MITH, Mr. J ONES , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3103. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. F LAKE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3104. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3105. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3106. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3107. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3108. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3109. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3110. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3111. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3112. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3113. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3114. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3115. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3116. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3117. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3118. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. SULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3119. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3120. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3121. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3122. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3123. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3124. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3125. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3126. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3127. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3128. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3129. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3130. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3131. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3132. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3133. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3134. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3135. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.023 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4413 June 26, 2018 
SA 3136. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3137. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3138. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3139. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. F LAKE , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3140. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3141. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3142. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
ANDERS , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3143. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3144. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3145. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3146. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3147. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3148. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3149. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3150. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3151. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3152. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3153. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3154. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr . T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3155. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. MORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3156. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3157. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3158. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3159. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B LUNT ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3160. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3161. Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3162. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3163. Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3164. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3165. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K AINE) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3166. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3167. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3168. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3169. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3170. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table . SA 3171. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3172. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B URR, and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3173. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3174. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3175. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3176. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. MCCAIN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3177. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. U DALL ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3178. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3179. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. T ILLIS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3180. Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3181. Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3182. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3183. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3184. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3185. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3186. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3187. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3188. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3189. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3190. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3191. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. S
MITH, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3192. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H ARRIS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.026 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4414 June 26, 2018 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3193. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3194. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3195. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZMASTO , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3196. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3197. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3198. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3199. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ORAN , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3200. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3201. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3202. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3203. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3204. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3205. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3206. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3207. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3208. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3209. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
RAPO , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3210. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3211. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. MORAN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3212. Mr. DAINES (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 2385, to es-tablish best practices for State, tribal, and local governments participating in the Inte-grated Public Alert and Warning System, and for other purposes. SA 3213. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R ISCH) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Ag-riculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3214. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3215. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3216. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3217. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3218. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. B ENNET , and Ms . H ARRIS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3219. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3220. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3221. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3222. Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3223. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3085. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 3304, insert the following: 
SEC. 3305. BIOTECHNOLOGY AND AGRICULTURAL TRADE PROGRAM. 
Section 1543A of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5679) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the bio-technology’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘of Agri-culture a program to be known as the ‘Bio-technology and Agricultural Trade Pro-gram’.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘program’’ and inserting ‘‘Biotechnology and Agricultural Trade Pro-gram’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘public and private sector projects funded by grants’’ and inserting ‘‘policy advocacy and targeted projects’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or new agricultural production technologies’’ after ‘‘biotechnology’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘ ‘‘(2) issues relating to United States agri-cultural commodities produced with the use of biotechnology or new agricultural produc-tion technologies; or ‘‘(3) advocacy for science-based regulation in foreign markets of biotechnology or new agricultural production technologies.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘$6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. SA 3086. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mrs. E RNST , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 42ll. FRUIT AND VEGETABLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 19 of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769a) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
FRESH ’’; and (2) in subsections (a), (b), and (e), by insert-ing ‘‘, canned, dried, frozen, or pureed’’ after ‘‘fresh’’ each place it appears. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 14222(c) of the Food, Conservation, and En-ergy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 612c–6(c)) is amend-ed— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
RESH ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fresh’’. 
SA 3087. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL MONUMENTS. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The President may’’ and inserting ‘‘After obtain-ing congressional approval of the proposed national monument, certifying compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.028 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4415 June 26, 2018 
the proposed national monument, and deter-mining that the State in which the proposed national monument is to be located has en-acted legislation approving the designation of the proposed national monument, the President may’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON PUBLIC USE.—The Secretary shall not implement any restric-tions on the public use of a national monu-ment until the expiration of an appropriate review period (as determined by the Sec-retary) providing for public input and con-gressional approval.’’. 
SA 3088. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 7302, insert the following: 
SEC. 73ll. INDIRECT COSTS. 
Section 408(a) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7628(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDIRECT COSTS .—Indirect costs associ-ated with a grant awarded under paragraph (1) may be not more than 10 percent of the total of the funds provided under the grant.’’. 
SA 3089. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 74ll. RESEARCH ON OCEAN AGRICULTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, shall establish a working group (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’)— (1) to study how mangroves, kelp forests, tidal marshes, and seagrass meadows could help deacidify the oceans; (2) to study emerging ocean farming prac-tices that use kelp and seagrass to deacidify the oceans while providing feedstock for ag-riculture and other commercial and indus-trial inputs; and (3) to coordinate and conduct research to develop and enhance pilot-scale research for farming of kelp and seagrass in order— (A) to deacidify ocean environments; (B) to produce a feedstock for agriculture; and (C) to develop other scalable commercial applications for kelp, seagrass, or products derived from kelp or seagrass. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group shall include— (1) the Secretary; (2) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; and (3) representatives of any relevant offices within the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) the findings of the research described in subsection (a); (2) the results of the pilot-scale research described in subsection (a)(3); and (3) any policy recommendations based on those findings and results. SA 3090. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 6(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)) (as added by section 4103(a)(1)(B)), strike sub-paragraph (D) and insert the following: ‘‘(D) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF AREA .—In this subpara-graph, the term ‘area’ means— ‘‘(I) a State; ‘‘(II) a county; and ‘‘(III) a city that is located in more than 1 county. ‘‘(ii) W
AIVER BY SECRETARY .—On the re-quest of a State agency, the Secretary may waive the applicability of subparagraph (B) to any group of individuals in the State if the Secretary makes a determination that the area in which the individuals reside— ‘‘(I) has an unemployment rate of over 10 percent; ‘‘(II) has a State ‘on’ indicator for extended compensation under the Federal-State Ex-tended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note; Public Law 91–373); or ‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an unemployment rate that is great-er than 7 percent; and ‘‘(bb) an average unemployment rate for the most recent 12-month period that is not less than 120 percent of the national average unemployment rate for that period. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report the basis for a waiver under clause (ii) to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate.’’. 
SA 3091. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12609. CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL BEFORE ADJUSTMENT BY PRESIDENT OF IM-PORTS DETERMINED TO THREATEN TO IMPAIR NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(A) Within’’ and inserting ‘‘With-in’’; (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and (iv) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘determine’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to Congress, not later than 15 days after making that determination, a proposal regarding’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘should’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The President shall submit to Con-gress for review under subsection (f) a report describing the action proposed to be taken under paragraph (1) and specifying the rea-sons for such proposal. Such report shall be included in the report published under sub-section (e).’’; (2) by redesignating the second subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL OF PRESI-
DENTIAL ADJUSTMENT OF IMPORTS ; JOINT RES-
OLUTION OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An action to adjust im-ports proposed by the President and sub-mitted to Congress under subsection (c)(2) shall have force and effect only upon the en-actment of a joint resolution of approval, provided for in paragraph (3), relating to that action. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS .—The period for congressional review of a report required to be submitted under subsection (c)(2) shall be 60 calendar days. ‘‘(3) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint resolution of approval’ means only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— ‘‘(i) the title of which is as follows: ‘A joint resolution approving the proposal of the President to take an action relating to the adjustment of imports entering into the United States in such quantities or under such circumstances as to threaten or impair the national security.’; and ‘‘(ii) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘Congress approves of the recommendation of the President to Congress relating to the adjust-ment of imports to protect the national se-curity as proposed by the President in the report submitted to Congress under section 232(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)(2)) on lllll relating to lllll.’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the sec-ond blank space being filled with a short de-scription of the proposed action. ‘‘(B) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the period of 60 calendar days provided for under para-graph (2), a joint resolution of approval may be introduced and shall be referred to the ap-propriate committee. ‘‘(C) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .—If a committee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolu-tion of approval has been referred has not re-ported the joint resolution within 10 cal-endar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution. ‘‘(D) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— ‘‘(i) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-tion of approval introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-nance. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the committee to which a joint resolution of ap-proval was referred has not reported the joint resolution within 10 calendar days after the date of referral of the joint resolution, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. ‘‘(iii) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not- withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the Committee on Finance reports a joint resolution of approval or has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.031 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4416 June 26, 2018 
discharged from consideration of such a joint resolution to move to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A mo-tion to reconsider the vote by which the mo-tion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. ‘‘(iv) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to a joint resolution of ap-proval shall be decided by the Senate with-out debate. ‘‘(E) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF SENATE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN HOUSE .—In the House of Representa-tives, the following procedures shall apply to a joint resolution of approval received from the Senate (unless the House has already passed a joint resolution relating to the same proposed action): ‘‘(I) The joint resolution shall be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. ‘‘(II) If the Committee on Ways and Means has not reported the joint resolution within 2 calendar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution. ‘‘(III) Beginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which a joint resolution has been referred reports the joint resolution to the House or has been dis-charged from further consideration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the joint resolution. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without inter-vening motion. The motion shall not be de-batable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. ‘‘(IV) The joint resolution shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution and against its consider-ation are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolu-tion to final passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the sponsor of the joint resolution (or a designee) and an oppo-nent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall not be in order. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN SENATE .— ‘‘(I) If, before the passage by the Senate of a joint resolution of approval, the Senate re-ceives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, the following pro-cedures shall apply: ‘‘(aa) That joint resolution shall not be re-ferred to a committee. ‘‘(bb) With respect to that joint resolu-tion— ‘‘(AA) the procedure in the Senate shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the House of Representatives; but ‘‘(BB) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution from the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(II) If, following passage of a joint resolu-tion of approval in the Senate, the Senate re-ceives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, that joint resolu-tion shall be placed on the appropriate Sen-ate calendar. ‘‘(III) If a joint resolution of approval is re-ceived from the House, and no companion joint resolution has been introduced in the Senate, the Senate procedures as described in subparagraph (D) shall apply to the House joint resolution. ‘‘(F) RULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This paragraph is enacted by Congress— ‘‘(i) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(ii) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to any proposed action covered by subsection (c) of section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862), as so amended, on or after the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) T
IMING OF CERTAIN PROPOSALS .—If the President makes a determination described in subsection (c)(1)(A) of such section, as so amended, during the period beginning on the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the day before such date of enactment, the submis-sion to Congress of the proposal described in subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section, as so amended, shall be required not later than 15 days after such date of enactment. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF DUTY RATE AMOUNTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any rate of duty modified under section 232(c) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)) during the pe-riod specified in paragraph (2) shall on the date of the enactment of this Act revert to the rate of duty in effect before such modi-fication. (B) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), any entry of an article that— (I) was made— (aa) on or after the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act, and (bb) before such date of enactment, and (II) to which a lower rate of duty would be applicable due to the application of subpara-graph (A), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on such date of enact-ment. (ii) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-tion may be made under clause (i) with re-spect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains suf-ficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (I) to locate the entry; or (II) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be located. (iii) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of an article under clause (i) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or reliquida-tion (as the case may be). 
SA 3092. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 8635. PIKE NATIONAL FOREST LAND EX-CHANGE. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to authorize, direct, expedite and facili-tate the land exchange set forth herein; and (2) to promote enhanced public outdoor recreational and natural resource conserva-tion opportunities in the Pike National For-est near Pikes Peak, Colorado, via acquisi-tion of the non-Federal land and trail ease-ment. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) BHI.—The term ‘‘BHI’’ means Broadmoor Hotel, Inc., a Colorado corpora-tion. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 83 acres of land within the Pike National For-est, El Paso County, Colorado, together with a nonexclusive perpetual access easement to BHI to and from such land on Forest Service Road 371, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Federal Parcel–Emerald Valley Ranch’’, dated March 2015. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means the land and trail ease-ment to be conveyed to the Secretary by BHI in the exchange and is— (A) approximately 320 acres of land within the Pike National Forest, Teller County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Non-Federal Parcel–Crags Property’’, dated March 2015; and (B) a permanent trail easement for the Barr Trail in El Paso County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Pro-posed Crags Land Exchange–Barr Trail Ease-ment to United States’’, dated March 2015, and which shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by BHI for all purposes of law. (c) L
ANDEXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If BHI offers to convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of BHI in and to the non-Federal land, the Sec-retary shall accept the offer and simulta-neously convey to BHI the Federal land. (2) L
AND TITLE .—Title to the non-Federal land conveyed and donated to the Secretary under this section shall be acceptable to the Secretary and shall conform to the title ap-proval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applicable to land acquisi-tions by the Federal Government. (3) P
ERPETUAL ACCESS EASEMENT TO BHI .— The nonexclusive perpetual access easement to be granted to BHI as shown on the map re-ferred to in subsection (b)(2) shall allow— (A) BHI to fully maintain, at BHI’s ex-pense, and use Forest Service Road 371 from its junction with Forest Service Road 368 in accordance with historic use and mainte-nance patterns by BHI; and (B) full and continued public and adminis-trative access and use of FSR 371 in accord-ance with the existing Forest Service travel management plan, or as such plan may be re-vised by the Secretary. (4) R
OUTE AND CONDITION OF ROAD .—BHI and the Secretary may mutually agree to im-prove, relocate, reconstruct, or otherwise alter the route and condition of all or por-tions of such road as the Secretary, in close consultation with BHI, may determine advis-able. (5) E
XCHANGE COSTS .—BHI shall pay for all land survey, appraisal, and other costs to the Secretary as may be necessary to process and consummate the exchange directed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.032 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4417 June 26, 2018 
this section, including reimbursement to the Secretary, if the Secretary so requests, for staff time spent in such processing and con-summation. (d) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE AND APPRAIS -
ALS.— (1) A
PPRAISALS .—The values of the lands to be exchanged under this section shall be de-termined by the Secretary through apprais-als performed in accordance with— (A) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice; (C) appraisal instructions issued by the Secretary; and (D) shall be performed by an appraiser mu-tually agreed to by the Secretary and BHI. (2) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the Federal and non-Federal land parcels ex-changed shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: (A) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the Federal land exceeds the final appraised value of the non- Federal land parcel identified in subsection (b)(3)(A), BHI shall make a cash equalization payment to the United States as necessary to achieve equal value, including, if nec-essary, an amount in excess of that author-ized pursuant to section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of l976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any cash equalization moneys received by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— (i) deposited in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and (ii) made available to the Secretary for the acquisition of land or interests in land in Re-gion 2 of the Forest Service. (C) S
URPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND  
VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the non-Federal land parcel identified in sub-section (b)(3)(A) exceeds the final appraised value of the Federal land, the United States shall not make a cash equalization payment to BHI, and surplus value of the non-Federal land shall be considered a donation by BHI to the United States for all purposes of law. (3) A
PPRAISAL EXCLUSIONS .— (A) S
PECIAL USE PERMIT .—The appraised value of the Federal land parcel shall not re-flect any increase or diminution in value due to the special use permit existing on the date of the enactment of this Act to BHI on the parcel and improvements thereunder. (B) B
ARR TRAIL EASEMENT .—The Barr Trail easement donation identified in subsection (b)(3)(B) shall not be appraised for purposes of this section. (e) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL PROVISIONS .— (A) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Lands acquired by the Secretary under this section shall, without further action by the Secretary, be perma-nently withdrawn from all forms of appro-priation and disposal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leas-ing laws) and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (B) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked to the extent nec-essary to permit disposal of the Federal land parcel to BHI. (C) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND .—All Federal land authorized to be exchanged under this section, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the public lands laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land to BHI. (2) P
OSTEXCHANGE LAND MANAGEMENT .— Land acquired by the Secretary under this section shall become part of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest and be managed in ac-cordance with the laws, rules, and regula-tions applicable to the National Forest Sys-tem. (3) EXCHANGE TIMETABLE .—It is the intent of Congress that the land exchange directed by this section be consummated no later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (4) M
APS, ESTIMATES , AND DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary and BHI may by mutual agreement make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and non-Federal lands involved in the exchange, and may correct any minor errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of any land to be exchanged. (B) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict be-tween a map, an acreage estimate, or a de-scription of land under this section, the map shall control unless the Secretary and BHI mutually agree otherwise. (C) A
VAILABILITY .—Upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file and make avail-able for public inspection in the head-quarters of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this section. 
SEC. 8636. BOLTS DITCH ACCESS. 
(a) A CCESS GRANTED .—The Secretary shall permit by special use authorization non-motorized access and use, in accordance with section 293.6 of title 36, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, of the Bolts Ditch Headgate and the Bolts Ditch within the Holy Cross Wil-derness, Colorado, as designated by Public Law 96–560, for the purposes of the diversion of water and use, maintenance, and repair of such ditch and headgate by the Town of Minturn, Colorado, a Colorado Home Rule Municipality. (b) L
OCATION OF FACILITIES .—The Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment referenced in subsection (a) are as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Bolts Ditch headgate and Ditch Segment’’, dated November, 2015. 
SEC. 8637. LAND CONVEYANCE, ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOR-EST, COLORADO. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Con- sistent with the purpose of the Act of March 3, 1909 (43 U.S.C. 772), all right, title, and in-terest of the United States (subject to sub-section (b)) in and to a parcel of land con-sisting of approximately 148 acres as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Elk-horn Ranch Land Parcel–White River Na-tional Forest’’ and dated March 2015 shall be conveyed by patent to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Partnership (in this section referred to as ‘‘GLP’’). (b) E
XISTING RIGHTS .—The conveyance under subsection (a)— (1) is subject to the valid existing rights of the lessee of Federal oil and gas lease COC– 75070 and any other valid existing rights; and (2) shall reserve to the United States the right to collect rent and royalty payments on the lease referred to in paragraph (1) for the duration of the lease. (c) E
XISTING BOUNDARIES .—The conveyance under subsection (a) does not modify the ex-terior boundary of the White River National Forest or the boundaries of Sections 18 and 19 of Township 7 South, Range 93 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado, as such bound-aries are in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) T
IME FOR CONVEYANCE ; PAYMENT OF  C
OSTS.—The conveyance directed under sub-section (a) shall be completed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The conveyance shall be without consideration, except that all costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior relating to any survey, platting, legal description, or other activities carried out to prepare and issue the patent shall be paid by GLP to the Secretary prior to the land conveyance. SEC. 8638. MAP UPDATE; MAXIMUM ACREAGE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION IN THE FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NA-TIONAL MONUMENT. 
The first section of Public Law 91–60 (83 Stat. 101) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘entitled ‘Proposed Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument’, numbered NM–FFB–7100, and dated March 1967, and more particularly described by metes and bounds in an attachment to that map,’’ and inserting ‘‘entitled ‘Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument Proposed Boundary Adjustment’, numbered 171/132,544, and dated May 3, 2016,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘six thousand acres’’ and in-serting ‘‘6,300 acres’’. 
SEC. 8639. ARAPAHO NATIONAL FOREST BOUND-ARY ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Arapaho National Forest in the State of Col-orado is adjusted to incorporate the approxi-mately 92.95 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘The Wedge’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Arap-aho National Forest Boundary Adjustment’’ and dated November 6, 2013, and described as lots three, four, eight, and nine of section 13, Township 4 North, Range 76 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado. A lot described in this subsection may be included in the boundary adjustment only after the Sec-retary obtains written permission for such action from the lot owner or owners. (b) B
OWEN GULCH PROTECTION AREA.—The Secretary shall include all Federal land within the boundary described in subsection (a) in the Bowen Gulch Protection Area es-tablished under section 6 of the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j). (c) L
AND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND.— For purposes of section 200306(a)(2)(B)(i) of title 54, United States Code, the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest, as modified under subsection (a), shall be considered to be the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest as in existence on January 1, 1965. (d) P
UBLIC MOTORIZED USE.—Nothing in this section opens privately owned lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) to public motorized use. (e) A
CCESS TO NON-FEDERAL LANDS .—Not- withstanding the provisions of section 6(f) of the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j(f)) regarding motorized travel, the owners of any non-Federal lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) who historically have accessed their lands through lands now or hereafter owned by the United States within the boundary described in subsection (a) shall have the continued right of motorized access to their lands across the existing roadway. 
SEC. 8640. DESIGNATION OF FOWLER PEAK AND BOSKOFF PEAK, COLORADO. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) Charlie Fowler was— (A) one of the most experienced mountain climbers in North America, having success-fully climbed many of the highest peaks in the world; (B) an author, guide, filmmaker, photog-rapher, and wilderness advocate; (C) the recipient of the 2004 Robert and Miriam Underhill Award from the American Alpine Club, an award that— (i) honors outstanding mountaineering achievement; and (ii) is awarded annually to climbers who have ‘‘demonstrated the highest level of skill in mountaineering and who, through the ap-plication of this skill, courage, and persever-ance, have achieved outstanding success in the various fields of mountaineering’’; and (D) a summiter of several 8,000-meter peaks, specifically— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.033 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4418 June 26, 2018 
(i) Everest; (ii) Cho Oyu; and (iii) Shishapangma; (2) Christine Boskoff— (A) was one of the leading female alpinists in the United States, having climbed 6 of the 14 mountain peaks in the world that are higher than 8,000 meters, specifically— (i) Everest; (ii) Cho Oyu; (iii) Gasherbrum II; (iv) Lhotse; (v) Shishapangma; and (vi) Broad Peak; (B) gave countless hours to nonprofit orga-nizations that supported— (i) the rights of porters and Sherpas; (ii) the education of women; and (iii) global literacy and gender equality; and (C) was recognized by the education com-munities in the United States and Nepal as a role model for students; (3) Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff were long-time residents of San Miguel County, Colorado, and champions for the pristine backcountry of Colorado; (4) Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff died in an avalanche in November 2006 while attempting to summit Genyen Peak in Tibet; (5) 2 unnamed 13,000-foot peaks located west of Wilson Peak on the boundary of San Miguel and Dolores Counties, Colorado, offer spectacular recreational climbing and hiking opportunities; and (6) the local community in the vicinity of the peaks described in paragraph (5) and fel-low climbers propose to honor and com-memorate Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff by naming the peaks after Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF FOWLER PEAK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The 13,498-foot mountain peak, located at 37.8569°N, by ¥108.0117°W, in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the State of Colorado, shall be known and des-ignated as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the peak de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Fowler Peak’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION OF BOSKOFF PEAK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The 13,123-foot mountain peak, located at 37.85549°N, by ¥108.03112°W, in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the State of Colorado, shall be known and des-ignated as ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the peak de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. 
SEC. 8641. CONVEYANCE OF WEST FORK FIRE STATION CONVEYANCE PARCEL, DO-LORES COUNTY, COLORADO. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Dolores County, Colorado. (2) W
EST FORK FIRE STATION CONVEYANCE  
PARCEL .—The term ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ means the parcel of ap-proximately 3.61 acres of National Forest System land in the County, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Map for West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ and dated No-vember 21, 2017. (b) C
ONVEYANCE .—On receipt of a request from the County and subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the County, including such additional terms as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary, the Secretary shall convey to the County without consideration all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (c) COSTS.—Any costs relating to the con-veyance under subsection (b), including proc-essing and transaction costs, shall be paid by the County. (d) U
SE OF LAND.—The land conveyed to the County under subsection (b) shall be used by the County only for a fire station, related infrastructure, and roads to facilitate access to and through the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (e) R
EVERSION .—If any portion of the land conveyed under subsection (b) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use de-scribed in subsection (d), the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
SA 3093. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. STUDY ON IMPACTS TO NATIONAL FORESTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into appropriate ar-rangements with the National Academy of Sciences to convene a committee of experts in natural sciences (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘committee’’) to conduct a study to examine the impacts of climate change and weather variability on national forest ecosystems, including forests, plants, aquat-ic ecosystems, and wildlife. (2) D
EADLINE .—The committee shall con-vene not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary and the National Acad-emy of Sciences enter into an arrangement under paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the study under subsection (a), the committee shall prepare an expert consensus report that— (A) describes current scientific knowledge relating to the impacts of climate change and weather variability on national forest ecosystems; and (B) recommends the best strategies to en-sure that national forest ecosystems, includ-ing forests, plants, aquatic ecosystems, and wildlife, are able to adapt to climate change and weather variability. (2) S
UBMISSION .—The National Academies of Sciences shall submit the report prepared under paragraph (1) to— (A) the Secretary; (B) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate. 
SA 3094. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII, in-sert the following: 
SEC. 8lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE RELATING TO THE FOREST SERVICE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the For-est Service shall remain a component of the Department of Agriculture. SA 3095. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86llll. SENSE OF THE SENATE RELATING TO WILDERNESS STUDY AREA LEGIS-LATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) wilderness study areas are an important component of the National Forest System; (2) legislation to release wilderness study areas has, in the past, been informed through a robust public process that includes several meetings near the affected acreage attended by a variety of local stakeholders; and (3) the release of the Molas Pass Wilderness Study Area in the San Juan National Forest in the State of Colorado under section 3062(f)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (16 U.S.C. 539q(f)(2)) was informed though multiple pub-lic meetings conducted over a period of sev-eral years in the region in which the wilder-ness study area was located. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that legislation to release wil-derness study areas should be informed by a robust stakeholder process that includes nu-merous stakeholder meetings in the region in which the wilderness study area is lo-cated. 
SA 3096. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. PROHIBITION OF SALE OR TRANSFER OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND. 
Except as authorized by an Act of Con-gress, the sale or transfer of National Forest System land is prohibited. 
SA 3097. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2019’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2019’’. 
SA 3098. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.033 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4419 June 26, 2018 
him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4104, redesignate subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respec-tively. In section 4104, insert after subsection (b) the following: (c) I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARDUSE.—Section 7(h)(9) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(9)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARD  
USE’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before clause (i) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(A) L
ISTED BENEFICIARIES .—A State agen-cy shall require that an electronic benefit card lists the names of— ‘‘(i) the head of the household; ‘‘(ii) each adult member of the household; and ‘‘(iii) each adult that is not a member of the household that is authorized to use that card. ‘‘(B) P
HOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under clause (ii), any individual listed on an elec-tronic benefit card under subparagraph (A) shall be required to show photographic iden-tification at the point of sale when using the card. ‘‘(ii) H
EAD OF HOUSEHOLD .—A head of a household is not required to show photo-graphic identification under clause (i) if the electronic benefit card contains a photo-graph of that individual under subparagraph (C)(i). ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICA -
TION.—’’; (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so designated)— (A) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘1 or more members of a’’ and in-serting ‘‘the head of the’’; and (B) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B)(i)’’ after ‘‘the card’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) V
ISUAL VERIFICATION .—Any individual that is shown photographic identification or an electronic benefit card containing a pho-tograph, as applicable, under subparagraph (B) shall visually confirm that the photo-graph on the identification or the electronic benefit card, as applicable, is a clear and ac-curate likeness of the individual using the electronic benefit card.’’. 
SA 3099. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN PROD-UCTS AND SERVICES. 
None of the grants, funds, loans, or credit made available under this Act shall be used for the purchase, lease, or acquisition of equipment produced by or services provided by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affiliate of those entities). SA 3100. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. REGULATIONS RELATING TO THE TAKING OF DOUBLE-CRESTED COR-MORANTS. 
(a) F ORCE AND EFFECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), section 21.47 of title 50, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act), shall have the force and effect of law. (2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall notify the public of the authority pro-vided by paragraph (1) in a manner deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of the Interior. (b) S
UNSET .—The authority provided by subsection (a)(1) shall terminate on the date that is the earlier of— (1) the effective date of a regulation pro-mulgated by the Director after the date of enactment of this Act to control depredation of double-crested cormorant populations; or (2) 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section limits the authority of the Di-rector to promulgate regulations relating to the taking of double-crested cormorants under any other law. 
SA 3101. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) W ATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE T
ERMINATION .—The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is void. (b) N
AVIGABLE WATERS DEFINITION .—Sec- tion 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1362) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) N
AVIGABLE WATERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘navigable waters’ means— ‘‘(i) waters that are used, were used before the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, or are susceptible to use in the natural and ordinary condition of those waters, as a means to transport inter-state or foreign commerce, including all waters that are subject to the ebb and flow of the tide; ‘‘(ii) interstate waters, including interstate wetlands; ‘‘(iii) other waters, such as intrastate lakes, rivers, streams (including intermit-tent streams), mudflats, sandflats, wetlands, sloughs, prairie potholes, wet meadows, playa lakes, or natural ponds, the use, deg-radation, or destruction of which could af-fect interstate or foreign commerce, includ-ing any waters— ‘‘(I) which are or could be used by inter-state or foreign travelers for recreational or other purposes; ‘‘(II) from which fish or shellfish are or could be taken and sold in interstate or for-eign commerce; and ‘‘(III) which are used or could be used for industrial purposes by industries in inter-state commerce; ‘‘(iv) any impoundment of waters described under this subparagraph; ‘‘(v) tributaries of waters described in clauses (i) through (iv); ‘‘(vi) the territorial sea; and ‘‘(vii) wetlands adjacent to waters (other than waters that are wetlands) described in clauses (i) through (vi), including wetlands separated from other waters through objects such as— ‘‘(I) manmade dikes or barriers; ‘‘(II) natural river berms; or ‘‘(III) beach dunes. ‘‘(B) EXCLUSIONS .—The term ‘navigable waters’ does not include— ‘‘(i) waste treatment systems, including treatment ponds or lagoons designed to meet the requirements of this Act (other than a cooling pond that meets the requirements under subparagraph (A)); and ‘‘(ii) prior converted cropland. ‘‘(C) A
SSOCIATED DEFINITIONS .—For the pur-poses of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) A
DJACENT .—The term ‘adjacent’ means bordering, contiguous, or neighboring. ‘‘(ii) T
ERRITORIAL SEAS .—The term ‘terri-torial sea’ means the belt of the sea meas-ured from the baseline, as determined in ac-cordance with the Convention on the Terri-torial Sea and the Contiguous Zone (15 UST 1606; TIAS 5639). ‘‘(iii) W
ETLANDS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘wetlands’ means areas that are inundated or saturated by surface or groundwater at a frequency and duration sufficient to support, and that under normal circumstances does support, a prevalence of vegetation typically adapted for life in saturated soil conditions. ‘‘(II) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘wetlands’ in-cludes swamps, marshes, bogs, and similar areas.’’. 
SA 3102. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. J ONES , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. T
ESTER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. HOURS OF SERVICE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR AGRICULTURAL OPER-ATIONS. 
Section 229 of the Motor Carrier Safety Im-provement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.040 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4420 June 26, 2018 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘during planting and harvest periods, as determined by each State,’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) drivers transporting agricultural com-modities within a 150 air-mile radius from— ‘‘(i) the source of the agricultural commod-ities; or ‘‘(ii) the destination of the agricultural commodities;’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(8)— (A) by striking ‘‘during the planting and harvesting seasons within each State, as de-termined by the State,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘at any time of the year’’. 
SA 3103. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. F LAKE , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11llll. LIMITATION ON PREMIUM SUB-SIDY BASED ON AVERAGE ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME. 
Section 508(e) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(9) L
IMITATION ON PREMIUM SUBSIDY BASED  
ON AVERAGE ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF AVERAGE ADJUSTED  
GROSS INCOME .—In this paragraph, the term ‘average adjusted gross income’ has the meaning given the term in section 1001D(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3a(a)). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle and begin-ning with the 2019 reinsurance year, in the case of any producer that is a person or legal entity that has an average adjusted gross in-come in excess of $700,000 based on the most recent data available from the Farm Service Agency as of the beginning of the reinsur-ance year, the total amount of premium sub-sidy provided with respect to additional cov-erage under subsection (c) or section 508B issued on behalf of the producer for a rein-surance year shall be 15 percentage points less than the premium subsidy provided in accordance with this subsection that would otherwise be available for the applicable pol-icy, plan of insurance, and coverage level se-lected by the producer.’’. 
SA 3104. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. APPLICABILITY OF CAPITAL AND MARGIN REQUIREMENTS TO COUNTERPARTIES. 
Section 4s(e)(4) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘counterparty qualifies’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘counterparty— ‘‘(A) qualifies’’; (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) is a money transmitter (as defined in section 1010.100(ff)(5) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) (or any successor regu-lation)) that— ‘‘(I) is regulated by a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the United States for financial adequacy; ‘‘(II) is registered in accordance with sec-tion 1022.380 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or any successor regulation); and ‘‘(III) enters only into swaps exclusively for the purpose of offsetting risks generated from foreign currency contracts with an en-tity that is not a financial end user (as de-fined in section 23.151 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tion)); and ‘‘(ii) has total assets of $1,000,000,000 or less on the last day of its most recent fiscal year.’’. SA 3105. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 6117, insert the following: 
SEC. 6118. USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL. 
Section 333A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) U
SE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘cov-ered program’ means— ‘‘(i) water or waste disposal grants or di-rect or guaranteed loans under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 306(a); ‘‘(ii) rural water or wastewater technical assistance and training grants under section 306(a)(14); ‘‘(iii) emergency community water assist-ance grants under section 306A; ‘‘(iv) water and waste facility loans and grants under section 306C; ‘‘(v) grants for water and wastewater sys-tems for rural and Native villages in Alaska under section 306D; ‘‘(vi) grants to finance the construction, refurbishing, and servicing of individually owned household well systems in rural areas under section 306E; and ‘‘(vii) solid waste management grants under section 310B(b) . ‘‘(B) I
RON OR STEEL PRODUCT .—The term ‘iron or steel product’ means any of the fol-lowing products made primarily of iron or steel: ‘‘(i) Lined or unlined pipes or fittings. ‘‘(ii) Manhole covers or other municipal castings. ‘‘(iii) Hydrants. ‘‘(iv) Tanks. ‘‘(v) Flanges. ‘‘(vi) Pipe clamps or restraints. ‘‘(vii) Valves. ‘‘(viii) Structural steel. ‘‘(ix) Reinforced precast concrete. ‘‘(x) Construction materials. ‘‘(C) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means— ‘‘(i) a State; ‘‘(ii) the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(iii) the territory of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 102 of the Federally Recog-nized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 5130)). ‘‘(D) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means each of the States. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraphs (3) and (4), and subject to para-graph (5), no funds provided under a covered program shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under paragraph (2) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary— ‘‘(A) receives a request for a waiver under this subsection; ‘‘(B) makes available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and in-formation available to the Secretary con-cerning the request, including by electronic means, including on the official public website of the Department of Agriculture; and ‘‘(C) allows for informal public input on the request for not less than 15 days prior to making a determination on the request. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—Paragraph (2) shall not apply with respect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include the use of iron and steel products otherwise prohibited by that paragraph if the plans and specifications have received required approv-als from State agencies prior to the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. ‘‘(5) I
NTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS .—This subsection shall be applied in a manner con-sistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .—Of the funds appropriated for a fiscal year for the Rural Utilities Serv-ice-Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account, the Secretary may use not more than 0.25 percent to carry out management and oversight under this subsection.’’. 
SA 3106. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2301(2), strike subparagraph (A) and insert the following: (A) by striking ‘‘to make beneficial, cost effective changes to production systems (in-cluding conservation practices related to or-ganic production)’’ and inserting ‘‘to address identified, new, or expected resource con-cerns associated with changes to production systems, including conservation practices re-lated to organic production’’; and In section 2302, strike paragraph (3) and in-sert the following: (3) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), in subparagraph (B)— (A) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); (B) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) Land that facilitates the avoidance of crossing an environmentally sensitive area, as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (C) in clause (vii) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘identified or expected’’ before ‘‘re-source’’; 
SA 3107. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.041 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4421 June 26, 2018 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 141ll. DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARMERS. 
Subtitle D of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART IV—DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARMERS 
‘‘SEC. 1441. DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARM-ERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall provide a 1-time payment to each eligible dairy farmer described in sub-section (b) in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a payment under this section, a dairy farmer shall— ‘‘(1) be licensed by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) have had a production history during the 1-year period ending on the date of en-actment of this part. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a pay-ment under this section shall be, as deter-mined by the report of the Economic Re-search Service entitled ‘Milk Cost of Produc-tion by Size of Operation Report’ and dated May 1, 2018, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(i) the quantity (in pounds) of the na-tional average milk production of a dairy cow; ‘‘(ii) the average number of cows per farm, as determined under paragraph (2); ‘‘(iii) the value of production less total costs, as determined under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(iv) 
1⁄2; and ‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(2) A
VERAGE NUMBER OF COWS PER FARM .— The average number of cows per farm under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall be determined based on the report described in paragraph (1) as follows: ‘‘(A) In the case of a farm with fewer than 50 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with fewer than 50 cows. ‘‘(B) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows. ‘‘(C) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows. ‘‘(D) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 500 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 500 cows. ‘‘(3) V
ALUE OF PRODUCTION LESS TOTAL  
COSTS .—The value of production less total costs under paragraph (1)(A)(iii) shall be de-termined based on the report described in paragraph (1) as follows: ‘‘(A) In the case of a farm with fewer than 50 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with fewer than 50 cows. ‘‘(B) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows. ‘‘(C) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows. ‘‘(D) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 500 cows, the national value of produc-tion less total costs in farms with not fewer than 500 cows. ‘‘(d) P
AYMENT LIMITATION .—The amount of a payment under this section to an eligible dairy farmer described in subsection (b) shall not be greater than $15,000. ‘‘(e) FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $500,000,000.’’. 
SA 3108. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. URGENT REGULATORY RESPONSE FOR HONEYBEE AND POLLINATOR PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall suspend the registration of imidacloprid, clothianidin, thiamethoxam, dinotafuran, and any other members of the nitro group of neonicotinoid insecticides to the extent that the insecticide is registered, conditionally or otherwise, under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) for use in seed treatment, soil appli-cation, or foliar treatment on bee-attractive plants, trees, and cereals until the Adminis-trator has made a determination that the in-secticide will not cause unreasonable adverse effects on pollinators based on— (1) an evaluation of the published and peer- reviewed scientific evidence on whether the use or uses of those neonicotinoids cause un-reasonable adverse effects on pollinators, in-cluding native bees, honeybees, birds, bats, and other species of beneficial insects; and (2) a completed field study that— (A) meets the criteria required by the Ad-ministrator; and (B) evaluates residues, including residue buildup after repeated annual application, chronic low-dose exposure, cumulative ef-fects of multiple chemical exposures, and any other protocol determined to be nec-essary by the Administrator to protect man-aged and native pollinators. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON CERTAIN PESTICIDES REG-
ISTRATIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a), for purposes of the protection of honeybees, other polli-nators, and beneficial insects, the Adminis-trator shall not issue any new registrations, conditional or otherwise, for any seed treat-ment, soil application, and foliar treatment on bee-attractive plants, trees, and cereals under that Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) until the Administrator has made a determination under subsection (a), based on an evaluation under subsection (a)(1) and a completed field study under subsection (a)(2), with respect to that insecticide. (c) M
ONITORING OF NATIVE BEES.—The Sec- retary of the Interior, in coordination with the Administrator, shall, for purposes of pro-tecting and ensuring the long-term viability of native bees and other pollinators of agri-cultural crops, horticultural plants, wild plants, and other plants— (1) regularly monitor the health and popu-lation status of native bees, including the status of native bees in agricultural and non-agricultural habitats and areas of orna-mental plants, residential areas, and landscaped areas; (2) identify the scope and likely causes of unusual native bee mortality; and (3) beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter, submit to Congress, and make available to the public, a report on the health and population status described in paragraph (1). SA 3109. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. T ILLIS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 6105, insert the following: 
SEC. 6106. BUSINESS AND INNOVATION SERVICES ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES. 
Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) B
USINESS AND INNOVATION SERVICES  
ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may make loans and loan guarantees under this subsection and grants under para-graphs (19), (20), and (21) for essential com-munity facilities for business and innovation services, such as incubators, co-working spaces, makerspaces, and residential entre-preneur and innovation centers.’’. After section 6123, insert the following: 
SEC. 6124. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECON-OMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 379I. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECONOMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a rural jobs accelerator part-nership established after the date of enact-ment of this section that— ‘‘(A) organizes key community and re-gional stakeholders into a working group that— ‘‘(i) focuses on the shared goals and needs of the industry clusters that are objectively identified as existing, emerging, or declin-ing; ‘‘(ii) represents a region defined by the partnership in accordance with subparagraph (B); ‘‘(iii) includes 1 or more representatives of— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); ‘‘(II) a private entity; or ‘‘(III) a government entity; ‘‘(iv) may include 1 or more representa-tives of— ‘‘(I) an economic development or other community or labor organization; ‘‘(II) a financial institution, including a community development financial institu-tion (as defined in section 103 of the Commu-nity Development Banking and Financial In-stitutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4702)); ‘‘(III) a philanthropic organization; or ‘‘(IV) a rural cooperative, if the coopera-tive is organized as a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(v) has, as a lead applicant— ‘‘(I) a District Organization (as defined in section 300.3 of title 13, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a successor regulation)); ‘‘(II) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or a consortium of Indian tribes; ‘‘(III) a State or a political subdivision of a State, including a special purpose unit of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.043 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4422 June 26, 2018 
State or local government engaged in eco-nomic development activities, or a consor-tium of political subdivisions; ‘‘(IV) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) or a con-sortium of institutions of higher education; or ‘‘(V) a public or private nonprofit organiza-tion; and ‘‘(B) subject to approval by the Secretary, may— ‘‘(i) serve a region that is— ‘‘(I) a single jurisdiction; or ‘‘(II) if the region is a rural area, multi-jurisdictional; and ‘‘(ii) define the region that the partnership represents, if the region— ‘‘(I) is large enough to contain critical ele-ments of the industry cluster prioritized by the partnership; ‘‘(II) is small enough to enable close col-laboration among members of the partner-ship; ‘‘(III) includes a majority of communities that are located in— ‘‘(aa) a nonmetropolitan area that qualifies as a low-income community (as defined in section 45D(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986); and ‘‘(bb) an area that has access to or has a plan to achieve broadband service (within the meaning of title VI of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.)); and ‘‘(IV)(aa) has a population of 50,000 or fewer inhabitants; or ‘‘(bb) for a region with a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, is the subject of a positive determination by the Secretary with respect to a rural-in-character petition, including such a petition submitted concur-rently with the application of the partner-ship for a grant under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NDUSTRY CLUSTER .—The term ‘indus-try cluster’ means a broadly defined network of interconnected firms and supporting insti-tutions in related industries that accelerate innovation, business formation, and job cre-ation by taking advantage of assets and strengths of a region in the business environ-ment. ‘‘(3) H
IGH-WAGE JOB .—The term ‘high-wage job’ means a job that provides a wage that is greater than the median wage for the appli-cable region, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(4) J
OBS ACCELERATOR .—The term ‘jobs ac-celerator’ means a jobs accelerator center or program located in or serving a low-income rural community that may provide co-work-ing space, in-demand skills training, entre-preneurship support, and any other services described in subsection (d)(1)(B). ‘‘(5) S
MALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS .— The term ‘small and disadvantaged business’ has the meaning given the term ‘small busi-ness concern owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals’ in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to establish jobs accelerators, including related program-ming, that— ‘‘(A) improve the ability of distressed rural communities to create high-wage jobs, accel-erate the formation of new businesses with high-growth potential, and strengthen re-gional economies, including by helping to build capacity in the applicable region to achieve those goals; and ‘‘(B) help rural communities identify and maximize local assets and connect to re-gional opportunities, networks, and industry clusters that demonstrate high growth po-tential. ‘‘(2) COST-SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under paragraph (1) shall be not great-er than 80 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share of the total cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under para-graph (1) may be in the form of donations or in-kind contributions of goods or services fairly valued. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting eli-gible entities to receive grants under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) the commitment of participating core stakeholders in the jobs accelerator partner-ship, including a demonstration that— ‘‘(i) investment organizations, including venture development organizations, venture capital firms, revolving loan funders, angel investment groups, community lenders, com-munity development financial institutions, rural business investment companies, small business investment companies (as defined in section 103 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 662)), philanthropic or-ganizations, and other institutions focused on expanding access to capital, are com-mitted partners in the jobs accelerator part-nership and willing to potentially invest in projects emerging from the jobs accelerator; and ‘‘(ii) institutions of higher education, ap-plied research institutions, workforce devel-opment entities, and community-based orga-nizations are willing to partner with the jobs accelerator to provide workers with skills relevant to the industry cluster needs of the region, with an emphasis on the use of on- the-job training, registered apprenticeships, customized training, classroom occupational training, or incumbent worker training; ‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to provide the non-Federal share as required under paragraph (2); ‘‘(C) the speed of available broadband serv-ice and how the jobs accelerator plans to im-prove access to high-speed broadband serv-ice, if necessary, and leverage that broadband service for programs of the jobs accelerator; ‘‘(D) the identification of a targeted indus-try cluster, including a description of— ‘‘(i) data showing the existence of emer-gence of an industry cluster; ‘‘(ii) the importance of the industry cluster to economic growth in the region; ‘‘(iii) the specific needs and opportunities for growth in the industry cluster; ‘‘(iv) the unique assets a region has to sup-port the industry cluster and to have a com-petitive advantage in that industry cluster; ‘‘(v) evidence of a concentration of firms or concentration of employees in the industry cluster; and ‘‘(vi) available industry-specific infrastruc-ture that supports the industry cluster; ‘‘(E) the ability of the partnership to link rural communities to markets, networks, in-dustry clusters, and other regional opportu-nities and assets— ‘‘(i) to improve the competitiveness of the rural region; ‘‘(ii) to repatriate United States jobs; ‘‘(iii) to foster high-wage job creation; ‘‘(iv) to support innovation and entrepre-neurship; and ‘‘(v) to promote private investment in the rural regional economy; ‘‘(F) other grants or loans of the Secretary and other Federal agencies that the jobs ac-celerator would be able to leverage; and ‘‘(G) prospects for the proposed center and related programming to have sustainability beyond the full maximum length of assist-ance under this subsection, including the maximum number of renewals. ‘‘(4) GRANT TERM AND RENEWALS .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.—The initial term of a grant under paragraph (1) shall be 4 years. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a grant under paragraph (1) for an additional period of not longer than 2 years if the Sec-retary is satisfied, using the evaluation under subsection (e)(2), that the grant recipi-ent has successfully established a jobs accel-erator and related programming. ‘‘(5) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide grants under paragraph (1) for jobs accelerators and related programming in not fewer than 25 States at any time. ‘‘(c) G
RANT AMOUNT .—A grant awarded under subsection (b) may be in an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) not less than $500,000; and ‘‘(2) not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), funds from a grant awarded under subsection (b) may be used— ‘‘(A) to construct, purchase, or equip a building to serve as an innovation center, which may include— ‘‘(i) housing for business owners or work-ers; ‘‘(ii) co-working space, which may include space for remote work; ‘‘(iii) space for businesses to utilize with a focus on entrepreneurs and small and dis-advantaged businesses but that may include collaboration with companies of all sizes; ‘‘(iv) job training programs; and ‘‘(v) efforts to utilize the innovation center as part of the development of a community downtown; or ‘‘(B) to support programs to be carried out at, or in direct partnership with, the jobs ac-celerator that support the objectives of the jobs accelerator, including— ‘‘(i) linking rural communities to markets, networks, industry clusters, and other re-gional opportunities to support high-wage job creation, new business formation, and economic growth; ‘‘(ii) integrating small businesses into a supply chain; ‘‘(iii) creating or expanding commercializa-tion activities for new business formation; ‘‘(iv) identifying and building assets in rural communities that are crucial to sup-porting regional economies; ‘‘(v) facilitating the repatriation of high- wage jobs to the United States; ‘‘(vi) supporting the deployment of innova-tive processes, technologies, and products; ‘‘(vii) enhancing the capacity of small businesses in regional industry clusters, in-cluding small and disadvantaged businesses; ‘‘(viii) increasing United States exports and business interaction with international buyers and suppliers; ‘‘(ix) developing the skills and expertise of local workforces, entrepreneurs, and institu-tional partners to support growing industry clusters, including the upskilling of incum-bent workers; ‘‘(x) ensuring rural communities have the capacity and ability to carry out projects re-lating to housing, community facilities, in-frastructure, or community and economic development to support regional industry cluster growth; ‘‘(xi) establishing training programs to meet the needs of employers in a regional in-dustry cluster and prepare workers for high- wage jobs; or ‘‘(xii) any other activities that the Sec-retary may determine to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not more than 10 percent of a grant awarded under subsection (b) shall be used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.045 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4423 June 26, 2018 
for indirect costs associated with admin-istering the grant. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASE .—The Secretary may in-crease the percentage described in subpara-graph (A) on a case-by-case basis. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL ACTIVITY REPORT AND EVALUA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year after receiving a grant under this section, and annually there-after for the duration of the grant, an eligi-ble entity shall— ‘‘(1) report to the Secretary on the activi-ties funded with the grant; and ‘‘(2)(A) evaluate the progress that the eligi-ble entity has made toward the strategic ob-jectives identified in the application for the grant; and ‘‘(B) measure that progress using perform-ance measures during the project period, which may include— ‘‘(i) high-wage jobs created; ‘‘(ii) high-wage jobs retained; ‘‘(iii) private investment leveraged; ‘‘(iv) businesses improved; ‘‘(v) new business formations; ‘‘(vi) new products or services commer-cialized; ‘‘(vii) improvement of the value of existing products or services under development; ‘‘(viii) regional collaboration, as measured by such metrics as— ‘‘(I) the number of organizations actively engaged in the industry cluster; ‘‘(II) the number of symposia held by the industry cluster, including organizations that are not located in the immediate region defined by the partnership; and ‘‘(III) the number of further cooperative agreements; ‘‘(ix) the number of education and training activities relating to innovation; ‘‘(x) the number of jobs relocated from out-side of the United States to the region; ‘‘(xi) the amount and number of new equity investments in industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xii) the amount and number of new loans to industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xiii) the dollar increase in exports result-ing from the project activities; ‘‘(xiv) the percentage of employees for which training was provided; ‘‘(xv) improvement in sales of partici-pating businesses; ‘‘(xvi) improvement in wages paid at par-ticipating businesses; ‘‘(xvii) improvement in income of partici-pating workers; or ‘‘(xviii) any other measure the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interagency Federal task force to support the network of jobs accelerators by— ‘‘(A) providing successful applicants with available information and technical assist-ance on Federal resources relevant to the project and region; ‘‘(B) establishing a Federal support team comprised of staff from participating agen-cies in the task force that shall provide co-ordinated and dedicated support services to jobs accelerators; and ‘‘(C) providing opportunities for the net-work of jobs accelerators to share best prac-tices and further collaborate to achieve the purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be co-chaired by— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Commerce (or a des-ignee); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary (or a designee); and ‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Education (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Energy (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Health and Human Services (or a designee); ‘‘(iv) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (or a designee); ‘‘(v) the Secretary of Labor (or a designee); ‘‘(vi) the Secretary of Transportation (or a designee); ‘‘(vii) the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee); ‘‘(viii) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (or a designee); ‘‘(ix) the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration (or a designee); ‘‘(x) the Federal Co-Chair of the Appa-lachian Regional Commission (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xi) the Federal Co-Chairman of the Board of the Delta Regional Authority (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xii) the Federal Co-Chair of the Northern Border Regional Commission (or a designee); ‘‘(xiii) national and local organizations that have relevant programs and interests that could serve the needs of the jobs accel-erators; ‘‘(xiv) representatives of State and local governments or State and local economic de-velopment agencies; ‘‘(xv) representatives of institutions of higher education, including land-grant uni-versities; and ‘‘(xvi) such other heads of Federal agencies and non-Federal partners as determined ap-propriate by the co-chairs of the task force.’’. Strike section 6125 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 6125. RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 384A of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
VENTURE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) E
QUITY CAPITAL .—The term ‘equity capital’ means— ‘‘(A) common or preferred stock or a simi-lar instrument, including subordinated debt with equity features; and ‘‘(B) any other type of equity-like financ-ing that might be necessary to facilitate the purposes of this Act, excluding financing such as senior debt or other types of financ-ing that competes with routine loanmaking of commercial lenders.’’. (b) P
URPOSES .—Section 384B of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–1) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ven-ture capital investments in smaller enter-prises’’ and inserting ‘‘capital investments in business concerns, including smaller enter-prises’’. (c) S
ELECTION OF RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Section 384D(b)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–3(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘developmental venture’’ and in-serting ‘‘developmental’’. (d) F
EES.—Section 384G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–6) is amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘a fee that does not exceed $500’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such fees as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, so long as those fees are proportionally equal for each rural business investment company,’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sole-ly to cover the costs of licensing examina-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘as the Secretary con-siders appropriate’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) shall be in such amounts as the Sec-retary considers appropriate.’’. (e) LIMITATION ON RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES CONTROLLED BY FARM CRED-
ITSYSTEM INSTITUTIONS .—Section 384J(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘25’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (2) by striking ‘‘shall not provide’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall provide’’; and (3) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, if the percentage of financ-ing (in total dollars) to the non-eligible enti-ties does not exceed the percentage of non- Farm Credit System institution capital com-mitments to the rural business investment company’’. (f) F
LEXIBILITY ON SOURCES OF INVESTMENT  
ORCAPITAL .—Section 384J(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Except as’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) (as so redesignated) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NVESTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may not require that an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) provide investment or capital that is not required of other com-panies eligible to apply to operate as a rural business investment company under section 384D(a).’’. 
SA 3110. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 4303, insert the following: 
SEC. 4304. MICRO-GRANTS FOR FOOD SECURITY. 
The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 is amended by inserting after section 4405 (7 U.S.C. 7517) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4406. MICRO-GRANTS FOR FOOD SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to increase the quantity and quality of lo-cally grown food through small-scale gar-dening, herding, and livestock operations in food insecure communities in areas of the United States that have significant levels of food insecurity and import a significant quantity of food. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) an individual; ‘‘(ii) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) or a consortium of Indian tribes; ‘‘(iii) a nonprofit organization engaged in increasing food security, as determined by the Secretary, including— ‘‘(I) a religious organization; ‘‘(II) a food bank; and ‘‘(III) a food pantry; ‘‘(iv) a federally funded educational facil-ity, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.045 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4424 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(I) a Head Start program or an Early Head Start program carried out under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); ‘‘(II) a public elementary school or public secondary school; ‘‘(III) a public institution of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); ‘‘(IV) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); and ‘‘(V) a job training program; or ‘‘(v) a local or Tribal government that may not levy local taxes under State or Federal law; and ‘‘(B) is located in an eligible State. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(A) the State of Alaska; ‘‘(B) the State of Hawaii; ‘‘(C) American Samoa; ‘‘(D) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; ‘‘(E) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(F) the Federated States of Micronesia; ‘‘(G) Guam; ‘‘(H) the Republic of the Marshall Islands; ‘‘(I) the Republic of Palau; and ‘‘(J) the United States Virgin Islands. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall distribute funds to the agricultural depart-ment or agency of each eligible State for the competitive distribution of subgrants to eli-gible entities to increase the quantity and quality of locally grown food in food insecure communities, including through small-scale gardening, herding, and livestock operations. ‘‘(d) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount made available under subsection (g), the Secretary shall distribute— ‘‘(A) 40 percent to the State of Alaska; ‘‘(B) 40 percent to the State of Hawaii; and ‘‘(C) 2.5 percent to each insular area de-scribed in subparagraphs (C) through (J) of subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF FUNDS .—Funds distrib-uted under paragraph (1) shall remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—An eligible State that receives funds under paragraph (1) may use not more than 3 percent of those funds— ‘‘(A) to administer the competition for pro-viding subgrants to eligible entities in that eligible State; ‘‘(B) to provide oversight of the subgrant recipients in that eligible State; and ‘‘(C) to collect data and submit a report to the Secretary under subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(e) S
UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF SUBGRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a subgrant to an eligible entity under this sec-tion shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of an eligible entity that is an individual, not greater than $5,000 per year; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity de-scribed in clauses (ii) through (v) of sub-section (b)(1)(A), not greater than $10,000 per year. ‘‘(B) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—As a condi-tion of receiving a subgrant under this sec-tion, an eligible entity shall provide funds equal to 10 percent of the amount received by the eligible entity under the subgrant, to be derived from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(C) C
ARRYOVER OF FUNDS .—Funds received by an eligible entity that is awarded a subgrant under this section shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out the com-petitive distribution of subgrants under sub-section (c), an eligible State may give pri-ority to an eligible entity that— ‘‘(A) has not previously received a subgrant under this section; or ‘‘(B) is located in a community or region in that eligible State with the highest degree of food insecurity, as determined by the agri-cultural department or agency of the eligible State. ‘‘(3) PROJECTS .—An eligible State may pro-vide subgrants to 2 or more eligible entities to carry out the same project. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF SUBGRANT FUNDS BY ELIGIBLE  
ENTITIES .—An eligible entity that receives a subgrant under this section shall use the funds to engage in activities that will in-crease the quantity and quality of locally grown food, including by— ‘‘(A) purchasing gardening tools or equip-ment, soil, soil amendments, seeds, plants, animals, canning equipment, refrigeration, or other items necessary to grow and store food; ‘‘(B) purchasing or building composting units; ‘‘(C) purchasing or building towers de-signed to grow leafy green vegetables; ‘‘(D) expanding an area under cultivation or engaging in other activities necessary to be eligible to receive funding under the envi-ronmental quality incentives program estab-lished under chapter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.) for a high tunnel; ‘‘(E) engaging in an activity that extends the growing season; ‘‘(F) starting or expanding hydroponic and aeroponic farming of any scale; ‘‘(G) building, buying, erecting, or repair-ing fencing for livestock, poultry, or rein-deer; ‘‘(H) purchasing and equipping a slaughter and processing facility approved by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(I) travelling to participate in agricul-tural education provided by— ‘‘(i) a State cooperative extension service; ‘‘(ii) a land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)); ‘‘(iii) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); ‘‘(iv) an Alaska Native-serving institution or a Native Hawaiian-serving institution (as those terms are defined in section 317(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059d(b))); or ‘‘(v) a Federal or State agency; ‘‘(J) paying for shipping of purchased items relating to increasing food security; ‘‘(K) creating or expanding avenues for— ‘‘(i) the sale of food commodities, specialty crops, and meats that are grown by the eligi-ble entity for sale in the local community; or ‘‘(ii) the availability of fresh, locally grown, and nutritious food; and ‘‘(L) engaging in other activities relating to increasing food security (including sub-sistence), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) E
LIGIBILITY FOR OTHER FINANCIAL AS -
SISTANCE .—An eligible entity shall not be in-eligible to receive financial assistance under another program administered by the Sec-retary as a result of receiving a subgrant under this section. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) S
UBGRANT RECIPIENTS .—As a condition of receiving a subgrant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit to the eligible State in which the eligible entity is located a report— ‘‘(A) as soon as practicable after the end of the project; and ‘‘(B) that describes the quantity of food grown and the number of people fed as a re-sult of the subgrant. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which an eli-gible State receives a report from each eligi-ble entity in that State under paragraph (1), the eligible State shall submit to the Sec-retary a report that describes, in the aggre-gate, the information and data contained in the reports received from those eligible enti-ties. ‘‘(g) FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under paragraph (1) in ad-vance specifically to carry out this section shall be available to carry out this section. ‘‘(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes effect on the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018.’’. 
SA 3111. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle III of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. SERVICE OF TRADITIONAL FOODS IN PUBLIC FACILITIES. 
Section 4033 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (25 U.S.C. 1685) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘that pri-marily serve Indians’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘and a tribal organization’’ and inserting ‘‘a tribal organization, a State, a county or county equivalent, a local government, an operator of a food service program, and an entity or person authorized to facilitate the donation, storage, preparation, or serving of tradi-tional food by the operator of a food service program’’. 
SA 3112. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4102(a), redesignate paragraph (3) as paragraph (4). In section 4102(a), strike paragraph (2) and insert the following: (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) T
RADITIONAL FOOD PURCHASES .—Sub- ject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this paragraph, the Secretary shall purchase, subject to availability, bison meat, reindeer meat, wild salmon, and other tradi-tional indigenous foods for recipients of food distributed under this subsection, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) bison meat and reindeer meat from— ‘‘(i) Native American bison or reindeer pro-ducers; and ‘‘(ii) producer-owned cooperatives of bison and reindeer ranchers; ‘‘(B) wild salmon from an eligible entity described in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)); ‘‘(C) blue cornmeal; and ‘‘(D) wild rice.’’; (3) in paragraph (6)(F), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.046 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4425 June 26, 2018 
through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and 
SA 3113. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 7102, insert the following: 
SEC. 7103. AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH SUPPORT IN CERTAIN STATES. 
Section 1405 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3121) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘sciences, and the Sec-retary, in carrying out the Secretary’s re-sponsibilities,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘sciences. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the responsibilities of the Secretary under this section, the Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘The Department’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT AS LEAD A
GENCY .—The Department’’; (2) in subsection (b) (as so designated)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (12) as paragraph (13); and (C) by inserting before paragraph (13) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(12) provide direct, place-based assistance to 1862 Institutions (as defined in section 2 of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)) and State agricultural agencies in States that do not have Agricultural Research Serv-ice facilities— ‘‘(A) to address the research priorities of those States, such as invasive plant species and insects that cause significant impacts to agriculture, aquaculture, and communities in the States; and ‘‘(B) to assist in the development of spe-cialty and horticultural crops to increase food security and expand marketing opportu-nities for small farmers; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
LANNING REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that describes the plans of the Secretary to provide the assistance required under subsection (b)(12).’’. 
SA 3114. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 111ll. SUPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE. 
Section 531(a)(12) of the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1531(a)(12)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: ‘‘(G) reindeer raised for food by members of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); and’’. SA 3115. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. INCLUSION OF REINDEER UNDER FEDERAL MEAT INSPECTION ACT. 
Section 1(w) of the Federal Meat Inspec-tion Act (21 U.S.C. 601(w)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) reindeer;’’. 
SA 3116. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 10107, redesignate paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), re-spectively. In section 10107, after paragraph (1), insert the following: (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
SA 3117. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 125ll. COMMODITY PROMOTION, RE-SEARCH, AND INFORMATION. 
Section 513(1) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7412(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding peonies)’’ after ‘‘horticultural’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘live-stock;’’ and inserting ‘‘livestock (including reindeer);’’; (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (G) as subparagraphs (F) through (H), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) products derived from wild salmon;’’. 
SA 3118. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of part II of subtitle E of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 75ll. GEOGRAPHICALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
Section 1621(d) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8792(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SA 3119. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. DEFINITION OF WILD FISH. 
Section 281(7)(B) of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638(7)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘includes a fillet’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘includes— ‘‘(i) a fillet’’; (2) in clause (i) (as so designated), by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii)(I) whole cooked king crab and whole cooked tanner crab; and ‘‘(II) sections of cooked king crab and cooked tanner crab.’’. 
SA 3120. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. MARKET NAME FOR GENETICALLY ENGINEERED SALMON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for purposes of apply-ing the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the acceptable market name of any salmon that is geneti-cally engineered shall include the words ‘‘Ge-netically Engineered’’ or ‘‘GE’’ before the ex-isting acceptable market name. (b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, salmon is genetically engineered if it has been modified by recombinant DNA (rDNA) techniques, including the entire lin-eage of salmon that contain the rDNA modi-fication. 
SA 3121. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.046 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4426 June 26, 2018 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. DEFINITION OF FISH. 
The Secretary shall revise any regulation relating to the definition of the term ‘‘fish’’ to ensure that the definition includes any aquatic gilled animal, and any mollusk, crustacean, or other invertebrate, that exists in the wild or is produced under controlled conditions in ponds, lakes, streams, or simi-lar holding areas. 
SA 3122. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. ORGANIC CERTIFICATION OF WILD SEAFOOD. 
Section 2107(c) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6506(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘har-vested in a sustainable manner under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘seafood’’; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘requiring’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) W
ILDSEAFOOD .—Notwithstanding the requirement under subsection (a)(1)(A) that’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SA 3123. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12520. TRIBAL UNINHABITABLE HOUSING IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Title V of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1471 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 545. TRIBAL UNINHABITABLE HOUSING IM-PROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible entity’ means an In-dian tribe or a tribal organization located in a rural area that has high levels of over-crowded housing and homelessness; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Educational Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to improve living conditions and prevent homelessness in rural tribal communities by assessing the condition of existing housing resources and preventing those resources from deteriorating and becoming uninhabit-able. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF GRANTS .—The Sec- retary shall award grants on a competitive basis to Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions to repair overcrowded homes to pre-vent the homes from becoming uninhabit-able. ‘‘(d) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give priority to an eligible entity that is located in a com-munity with levels of overcrowded housing and homelessness that the Secretary deter-mines are among the highest such levels for communities in which eligible entities are located. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF MULTIPLE GRANTS FOR SAME P
ROJECT .—Multiple eligible entities that each receive a grant under this section may use the grants for the same project. ‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—The Sec-retary may use not more than 3 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section to— ‘‘(1) administer the competition for grants under this section; ‘‘(2) provide oversight of grantees; and ‘‘(3) collect data on the use of grants awarded under this section. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(h) R
ELATION TO OTHER USDA A SSIST -
ANCE .—Receipt of a grant under this section by an eligible entity shall not affect the eli-gibility of the entity for any other assist-ance from the Secretary.’’. 
SA 3124. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. INCLUSION OF SATELLITE IN RURAL BROADBAND SERVICES. 
Section 601(b)(1) of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘broadband service’ includes a satellite project or tech-nology with the capacity described in sub-paragraph (A), as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SA 3125. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 4115 redesignate subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f). In section 4115 insert after subsection (c) the following: (d) F
OOD DONATION STANDARDS .—Section 203D of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) (as amended by sub-section (c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) F
OODDONATION STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPARENTLY WHOLESOME FOOD .—The term ‘apparently wholesome food’ has the meaning given the term in section 22(b) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1791(b)). ‘‘(B) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). ‘‘(C) QUALIFIED DIRECT DONOR .—The term ‘qualified direct donor’ means a retail food store, wholesaler, agricultural producer, res-taurant, caterer, school food authority, or institution of higher education. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall issue guidance to promote awareness of donations of apparently whole-some food protected under section 22(c) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1791(c)) by qualified direct donors in compli-ance with applicable State and local health, food safety, and food handling laws (includ-ing regulations). ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE .—The Secretary shall en-courage State agencies and emergency feed-ing organizations to share the guidance issued under subparagraph (A) with qualified direct donors.’’. 
SA 3126. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4106, redesignate paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively. In section 4106, insert before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: (1) in paragraph (6), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) personnel of the State agency or, at the option of the State agency, through a contract with the State agency, personnel of an entity that has no direct or indirect fi-nancial interest in an approved retail food store, may undertake the certification under subparagraph (A) or carry out any other function of the State agency under the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program, without restriction by the Secretary on the use of nongovernmental employees by the State agency to perform program eligibility or any other administrative function to carry out that program;’’; 
SA 3127. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. EXTENDING PROHIBITION ON ANI-MAL FIGHTING TO UNITED STATES TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘para-graph (3), it’’ in subsection (a)(1) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 26. ANIMAL FIGHTING. 
‘‘(a) S PONSORING OR EXHIBITING ANIMAL IN , A
TTENDING , ORCAUSING UNDERAGE INDI-
VIDUAL TOATTEND , ANIMAL FIGHTING VEN-
TURE .— ‘‘(1) S
PONSORING OR EXHIBITING .—It’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.047 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4427 June 26, 2018 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (3); (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘promoting’’; (4) by striking subsection (d); (5) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (d), (e), (i), (f), (g), and (h), respectively, and moving the subsections so as to appear in alphabetical order; (6) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated), in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘paragraph (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; (7) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’; and (8) in paragraph (3) of subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 49(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(e) of section 26 of the Animal Wel-fare Act’’ and inserting ‘‘(d) of section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156)’’. 
SA 3128. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 654, strike line 14 and insert the following: deer populations. ‘‘(15) H
OP PLANT HEALTH INITIATIVE .—Re- search and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of devel-oping and disseminating science-based tools and treatments to combat diseases of hops caused by the plant pathogens Podosphaera macularis and Pseudoperonospora humuli.’’. 
SA 3129. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. PROCUREMENT OF UNPROCESSED FRUITS AND VEGETABLES. 
Section 6(f) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1755(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROJECT ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘pilot project’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘program’’; (3) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall con-duct’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘shall carry out a program to facilitate the procurement of do-mestically grown unprocessed fruits and vegetables in not fewer than 15 States receiv-ing funds under this Act.’’; (4) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘do-mestically grown,’’ before ‘‘unprocessed’’; (5) in paragraph (3)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘1 project is’’ and inserting ‘‘2 projects are’’; (6) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the demonstrated ability of the States to competitively procure domestically grown, unprocessed fruits and vegetables.’’; and (7) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘RECORDKEEPING , REPORTING RE -
QUIREMENTS , AND EVALUATION ’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the assessment of the challenges and opportunities presented by the program; and ‘‘(iv) the quantity of fruits and vegetables purchased from in-State producers. ‘‘(C) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Using the information provided to the Secretary under subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall peri-odically evaluate the program— ‘‘(I) to measure the impact of the program; and ‘‘(II) to assess barriers to implementation of the program, such as water, environ-mental conditions, infrastructure, labor, utilities, and State and local regulations. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out an evaluation under clause (i), the Secretary shall include an evaluation of schools that, before February 7, 2014, were permitted to operate cash in lieu of commodities pro-grams. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report describing the results of the first evaluation under clause (i), including a thorough analysis of the out-comes of the evaluation.’’. 
SA 3130. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 7212, insert the following: 
SEC. 7213. REGIONAL CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE. 
Section 1673 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5926) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
REGIONAL ’’ before ‘‘ CENTERS ’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘regional’’ before ‘‘center’’ each place it appears; (3) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘regional’’ before ‘‘cen-ters’’; (B) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in considering pro-posals submitted by regional centers of ex-cellence for funding described in paragraph (1), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall review and evaluate the proposal based on a regional focus; and ‘‘(B) shall not decline to provide funding or rank the proposal lower based on the re-gional focus of the proposal.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘R
EGIONAL ’’ before ‘‘C
ENTERS ’’. 
SA 3131. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: After section 6105, insert the following: 
SEC. 6106. WATER OR WASTE DISPOSAL GRANTS OR DIRECT OR GUARANTEED LOANS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE FOR UNSERVED AND UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITIES .—Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) A
SSISTANCE FOR UNSERVED AND UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF UNSERVED OR UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITY .—In this para-graph, the term ‘unserved or underserved rural community’ means a rural area that, as determined by the Secretary, lacks the technical, financial, organizational, and managerial capacity to adequately operate, maintain, and effectively serve the popu-lation of the rural area. ‘‘(B) W
ATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL DIRECT  
LOANS .—The Secretary may make water and waste disposal direct loans under paragraph (1) to eligible entities described in subpara-graph (C) at the interest rate applicable to areas where the median family income is below the poverty line, as determined under section 307(a)(3)(A), for projects for unserved or underserved rural communities. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a direct loan under subparagraph (B), an applicant shall be a contiguous or local utility outside of the unserved or under-served rural community to be served by the project funded by the direct loan that, as de-termined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has a demonstrated experience and ca-pacity in delivering water programs or wastewater programs under this Act; ‘‘(ii) demonstrates the capacity to provide service to the applicable unserved or under-served rural community; ‘‘(iii) demonstrates that— ‘‘(I) the project funded by the direct loan is solely for the purpose of serving the applica-ble unserved or underserved rural commu-nity; and ‘‘(II) the maximum financial benefit of the assistance under this paragraph will be con-ferred to that unserved or underserved rural community; and ‘‘(iv) demonstrates that the applicable unserved or underserved rural community— ‘‘(I) has willingly entered into a formal agreement with the applicant for service by the applicant; and ‘‘(II) entered into the agreement described in subclause (I) with the understanding that the unserved or underserved rural commu-nity is eligible for water and waste disposal direct loans under paragraph (1) independ-ently of any direct loan under this para-graph.’’. (b) D
IRECT AND GUARANTEED LOANS .—Sec- tion 343(a)(13)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘For the purpose’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) G
RANTS AND DIRECT LOANS .—For the purpose’’; (2) in clause (i) (as so designated)— (A) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(24)’’ and inserting ‘‘(28)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) G
UARANTEED LOANS .—For the purpose of water and waste disposal guaranteed loans provided under paragraphs (1) and (24) of sec-tion 306(a), the terms ‘rural’ and ‘rural area’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.056 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4428 June 26, 2018 
mean a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a population of not more than 50,000 inhabitants.’’. (c) F
UNDING OF PENDING RURAL DEVELOP -
MENT LOAN AND GRANT APPLICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use funds made available under subsection (b) to provide funds for applications that are pend-ing on the date of enactment of this Act in accordance with the terms and conditions of section 6029 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 1955). (2) F
UNDING .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning in fiscal year 2019, of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $150,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
SA 3132. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. REPORT ON WILDFIRE, INSECT IN-FESTATION, AND DISEASE PREVEN-TION ON FEDERAL LAND. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every year there-after, the Secretary and the Secretary of In-terior shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a joint written report on— (1) the number of acres of Federal land treated by the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior, as applicable, for wildfire, in-sect infestation, or disease prevention; (2) the number of acres of Federal land cat-egorized as a high or extreme fire risk; (3) the total timber production from Fed-eral land; (4) the number of acres and average fire in-tensity of wildfires affecting Federal land treated for wildfire, insect infestation, or disease prevention; (5) the number of acres and average fire in-tensity of wildfires affecting Federal land not treated for wildfire, insect infestation, or disease prevention; and (6) the Federal response time for each fire on greater than 25,000 acres. 
SA 3133. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 8408 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 8408. DESIGNATION OF TREATMENT AREAS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF INVASIVE VEGETATION IN  D
ESIGNATED TREATMENT AREAS .—Section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, invasive vegetation,’’ after ‘‘insect’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, invasive vegetation,’’ after ‘‘insects’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘, invasive vegetation,’’ after ‘‘insect’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, or invasive vegetation’’ after ‘‘Service’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting ‘‘, invasive vegetation,’’ after ‘‘insect’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  D
ESIGNATION OF TREATMENT AREAS .—Section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SA 3134. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2103, strike subsections (b) and (c) and insert the following: (b) S
PECIFIED ACTIVITIES PERMITTED .—Sec- tion 1233(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(b)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (5); (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as sub-paragraph (C) and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(B) harvesting, grazing, or other commer-cial use of the forage, without any reduction in the rental rate, in response to— ‘‘(i) drought; ‘‘(ii) flooding; ‘‘(iii) a state of emergency caused by drought or wildfire that— ‘‘(I) that is declared by the Governor, in consultation with the State Committee of the Farm Service Agency, of the State in which the land that is subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program is located; ‘‘(II) that covers any part of the State or the entire State; and ‘‘(III) the declaration of which under sub-clause (I) is not objected to by the Secretary during the 5 business days after the date of declaration; or ‘‘(iv) any other emergency, as determined by the Secretary;’’; (4) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (5) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (A) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so designated) the following: ‘‘(A) consistent with the conservation of soil, water quality, and wildlife habitat— ‘‘(i) managed harvesting and other com-mercial use (including the managed har-vesting of biomass), in exchange for a reduc-tion in the annual rental rate of 25 percent for the acres covered by the activity, except that in permitting those activities, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the State tech-nical committee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, shall— ‘‘(I) develop appropriate vegetation man-agement requirements; ‘‘(II) subject harvesting to restrictions dur-ing the primary nesting season for birds in the area, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State technical com-mittee; ‘‘(III) not allow harvesting to occur more frequently than once every 3 years on the same land; and ‘‘(IV) not allow more than 
1⁄3of the acres covered by all of the conservation reserve program contracts of the owner or operator to be harvested during any year; and ‘‘(ii) grazing, in exchange for a reduction in the annual rental rate of 25 percent for the acres covered by the activity, except that in permitting that grazing, the Secretary, in consultation with the State technical com-mittee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, shall— ‘‘(I) develop appropriate vegetation man-agement requirements and stocking rates, based on stocking rates under the livestock forage disaster program established under section 1501(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(c)) (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘livestock forage disaster pro-gram’), for the land that are suitable for con-tinued grazing; ‘‘(II) identify the periods during which grazing may be conducted, taking into con-sideration regional differences, such as— ‘‘(aa) climate, soil type, and natural re-sources; ‘‘(bb) the appropriate frequency and dura-tion of grazing activities; and ‘‘(cc) how often during a year in which grazing is permitted that grazing should be allowed to occur; ‘‘(III) not allow grazing to occur more fre-quently than once every 3 years on the same land; ‘‘(IV)(aa) in the case of a conservation re-serve program contract that covers more than 20 acres, not allow more than 1⁄3of the acres covered by all of the conservation re-serve program contracts of the owner or op-erator to be grazed during any year; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of a conservation reserve program contract that covers less than or equal to 20 acres, allow grazing on all of the land covered by the contract at 25 percent of the stocking rate permitted under the live-stock forage disaster program; and ‘‘(V) allow a veteran or beginning farmer or rancher to graze livestock without any re-duction in the rental rate; and’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS .—Para- graph (1)(A) shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: ‘‘(A) S
EVERE OR HIGHER INTENSITY  
DROUGHT .—Land located in a county that has been rated by the United States Drought Monitor as having a D2 (severe drought) or greater intensity for not less than 1 month during the normal grazing period established under the livestock forage disaster program for the 3 previous consecutive years shall be ineligible for harvesting or grazing under paragraph (1)(A) for that year. ‘‘(B) D
AMAGE TO VEGETATIVE COVER .—The Secretary, in coordination with the applica-ble State technical committee established under section 1265(a), may determine for any year that harvesting or grazing under para-graph (1)(A) shall not be permitted on land subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program in a particular county if harvesting or grazing for that year would cause long-term damage to the vegetative cover on that land. ‘‘(C) S
TATE ACRES FOR WILDLIFE ENHANCE -
MENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the State technical committee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may allow grazing or harvesting in ac-cordance with paragraph (1)(A) on land cov-ered by a contract enrolled under the State acres for wildlife enhancement program es-tablished by the Secretary or established under section 1231(j) through the duration of that contract, if grazing or harvesting is spe-cifically permitted under the applicable State acres for wildlife enhancement pro-gram agreement for that contract. ‘‘(D) C
ONSERVATION RESERVE ENHANCEMENT  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary, in consultation with the State technical committee estab-lished under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may allow grazing or harvesting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.057 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4429 June 26, 2018 
under paragraph (1)(A) to be conducted on land covered by a contract enrolled under the conservation reserve enhancement pro-gram established by the Secretary under this subchapter or under section 1231A, if grazing or harvesting is specifically permitted under the applicable conservation reserve enhance-ment program agreement for that con-tract.’’. (c) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .—Section 1233 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the State technical com-mittee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may permit harvesting and grazing in accordance with subsection (b) on any land subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the applicable State technical committee established under section 1261(a), may determine for any year that harvesting or grazing described in paragraph (1) shall not be permitted on land subject to a con-tract under the conservation reserve pro-gram in a particular county, or under a par-ticular practice, if harvesting or grazing for that year in that county or under that prac-tice, as applicable, would cause long-term damage to vegetative cover on that land.’’. 
SA 3135. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 573, strike lines 8 and 9 and insert the following: ‘‘(C) E
MERGING HARBOR PROJECTS PRI -
ORITY .—In addition to the priority given under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall give equal priority to an application for a project that would increase the availability of broadband service in an emerging harbor project (as defined in section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238)), without regard to whether the appli-cation is from an emerging harbor project. ‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF UNSERVED COMMU -
NITIES .— 
SA 3136. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. FOREST INCENTIVES PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ARBON INCENTIVES CONTRACT ; CON-
TRACT .—The term ‘‘carbon incentives con-tract’’ or ‘‘contract’’ means a 15- to 30-year contract that specifies— (A) the eligible practices that will be un-dertaken; (B) the acreage of eligible land on which the practices will be undertaken; (C) the agreed rate of compensation per acre; (D) a schedule to verify that the terms of the contract have been fulfilled; and (E) such other terms as are determined necessary by the Secretary. (2) CONSERVATION EASEMENT AGREEMENT ; 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘conservation ease-ment agreement’’ or ‘‘agreement’’ means a permanent conservation easement that— (A) covers eligible land that will not be converted for development; (B) is enrolled under a carbon incentives contract; and (C) is consistent with the guidelines for— (i) the Forest Legacy Program established under section 7 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103c), sub-ject to the condition that an eligible prac-tice shall be considered to be a conservation value for purposes of such consistency; or (ii) any other program approved by the Secretary for use under this section to pro-vide consistency with Federal legal require-ments for permanent conservation ease-ments. (3) E
LIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘‘eligible land’’ means forest land in the United States that is privately owned at the time of initi-ation of a carbon incentives contract or con-servation easement agreement. (4) E
LIGIBLE PRACTICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘eligible prac-tice’’ means a forestry practice, including improved forest management that produces marketable forest products, that is deter-mined by the Secretary to provide measur-able increases in carbon sequestration and storage beyond customary practices on com-parable land. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘eligible prac-tice’’ includes— (i) afforestation on nonforested land, such as marginal crop or pasture land, windbreaks, shelterbelts, stream buffers, in-cluding working land and urban forests and parks, or other areas identified by the Sec-retary; (ii) reforestation on forest land impacted by wildfire, pests, wind, or other stresses, in-cluding working land and urban forests and parks; (iii) improved forest management, with ap-propriate crediting for the carbon benefits of harvested wood products, through practices such as improving regeneration after har-vest, planting in understocked forests, reduc-ing competition from slow-growing species, thinning to encourage growth, changing ro-tations to increase carbon storage, improv-ing harvest efficiency or wood use; and (iv) such other practices as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (5) F
OREST INCENTIVES PROGRAM ; PRO-
GRAM .—The term ‘‘forest incentives pro-gram’’ or ‘‘program’’ means the forest incen-tives program established under subsection (b)(1). (b) S
UPPLEMENTAL GREENHOUSE GASEMIS-
SION REDUCTIONS IN UNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a forest incentives program to achieve supplemental greenhouse gas emission re-ductions and carbon sequestration on private forest land of the United States through— (A) carbon incentives contracts; and (B) conservation easement agreements. (2) P
RIORITY .—In selecting projects under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide a priority for contracts and agreements— (A) that sequester the most carbon on a per acre basis, with appropriate crediting for the carbon benefits of harvested wood products; and (B) that create forestry jobs or protect habitats and achieve significant other envi-ronmental, economic, and social benefits. (3) E
LIGIBILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To participate in the pro-gram, an owner of eligible land shall— (i) enter into a carbon incentives contract; and (ii) fulfill such other requirements as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (B) CONTINUED ELIGIBLE PRACTICES .—An owner of eligible land who has been carrying out eligible practices on the eligible land shall not be barred from entering into a car-bon incentives contract under this sub-section to continue carrying out the eligible practices on the eligible land. (C) D
URATION OF CONTRACT .—A contract shall be for a term of not less than 15, nor more than 30, years, as determined by the owner of eligible land. (D) C
OMPENSATION UNDER CONTRACT .—The Secretary shall determine the rate of com-pensation per acre under the contract so that the longer the term of the contract, the higher rate of compensation. (E) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PROGRAMS .—An owner or operator shall not be prohibited from participating in the program due to participation of the owner or operator in other Federal or State conservation assist-ance programs. (4) C
OMPLIANCE .—In developing regulations for carbon incentives contracts under this subsection, the Secretary shall specify re-quirements to address whether the owner of eligible land has completed contract and agreement requirements. (c) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide to owners of eligible land financial in-centive payments for— (A) eligible practices that measurably in-crease carbon sequestration and storage over a designated period on eligible land, with ap-propriate crediting for the carbon benefits of harvested wood products, as specified through a carbon incentives contract; and (B) subject to paragraph (2), conservation easements on eligible land covered under a conservation easement agreement. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The Secretary shall de-termine the amount of compensation to be provided under a contract under this sub-section based on the emissions reductions obtained or avoided and the duration of the reductions, with due consideration to pre-vailing carbon pricing as determined by any relevant or State compliance offset pro-grams. (3) N
O CONSERVATION EASEMENT AGREEMENT  
REQUIRED .—Eligibility for financial incentive payments under a carbon incentives contract described in paragraph (1)(A) shall not re-quire a conservation easement agreement. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations that speci-fy eligible practices and related compensa-tion rates, standards, and guidelines as the basis for entering into the program with owners of eligible land. (e) S
ET-ASIDE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PUR-
POSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Secretary, a portion of program funds made available under this program for a fiscal year may be used— (A) to develop forest carbon modeling and methodologies that will improve the projec-tion of carbon gains for any forest practices made eligible under the program; (B) to provide additional incentive pay-ments for specified management activities that increase the adaptive capacity of land under a carbon incentives contract; and (C) for the Forest Inventory and Analysis Program of the Forest Service to develop im-proved measurement and monitoring of for-est carbon stocks. (2) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In establishing the program, the Secretary shall provide that funds provided under this section shall not be substituted for, or otherwise used as a basis for reducing, funding authorized or ap-propriated under other programs to com-pensate owners of eligible land for activities that are not covered under the program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.058 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4430 June 26, 2018 
(f) P ROGRAM MEASUREMENT , M ONITORING , V
ERIFICATION , ANDREPORTING .— (1) M
EASUREMENT , MONITORING , AND 
VERIFICATION .—The Secretary shall establish and implement protocols that provide moni-toring and verification of compliance with the terms of contracts and agreements. (2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—At least an-nually, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report that contains— (A) an estimate of annual and cumulative reductions achieved as a result of the pro-gram, determined using standardized meas-ures, including measures of economic effi-ciency; (B) a summary of any changes to the pro-gram that will be made as a result of pro-gram measurement, monitoring, and verification; (C) the total number of acres enrolled in the program by method; and (D) a State-by-State summary of the data. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORT .—Each report required by this subsection shall be available to the public through the website of the De-partment of Agriculture. (4) P
ROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS .—At least once every 2 years the Secretary shall adjust eli-gible practices and compensation rates for future carbon incentives contracts based on the results of monitoring under paragraph (1) and reporting under paragraph (2), if deter-mined necessary by the Secretary. (5) E
STIMATING CARBON BENEFITS .—Any modeling, methodology, or protocol resource developed under this section— (A) shall be suitable for estimating carbon benefits associated with eligible practices for the purpose of incentives under this section; and (B) may be used for netting by States or emission sources under Federal programs re-lating to carbon emissions. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as are nec-essary. At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. MATERIAL CHOICES IN BUILDINGS FOR SUPPLEMENTAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTIONS IN UNITED STATES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE BUILDING .—The term ‘‘eligible building’’ means a nonresidential building used for commercial or State or local gov-ernment purposes. (2) E
LIGIBLE PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘eligible product’’ means a commercial or industrial product, such as an intermediate, feedstock, or end product (other than food or feed), that is composed in whole or in part of biological products, including renewable agricultural and forestry materials used as structural building material. (3) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the greenhouse gas incentives program es-tablished under this section. (b) S
UPPLEMENTAL GREENHOUSE GASEMIS-
SION REDUCTIONS IN BUILDINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a greenhouse gas incentives program to achieve supplemental greenhouse gas emis-sion reductions from material choices in buildings, based on the lifecycle assessment of the building materials. (2) F
INANCIAL INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—The Secretary shall provide to owners of eligible buildings incentive payments for the use of eligible products in buildings for seques-tering carbon based on a lifecycle assess-ment of the structural assemblies, as com-pared to a model building as a result of using eligible products in substitution for more en-ergy-intensive materials in— (A) new construction; or (B) building renovation. (c) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— (1) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to par-ticipate in the program, the owner of an eli-gible building shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require. (2) C
OMPONENTS .—In establishing the pro-gram, the Secretary shall require that pay-ments for activities under the program shall be— (A) established at a rate not to exceed the net estimated benefit an owner of an eligible building would receive for similar practices under any federally established carbon offset program, taking into consideration the costs associated with the issuance of credits and compliance with reversal provisions; (B) provided to owners of eligible buildings demonstrating at least a 20-percent reduc-tion in carbon emissions potential, based on a lifecycle assessment of the structural as-semblies, as compared to the structural as-semblies of a model building, subject to the requirements that— (i) the Secretary shall identify a model baseline nonresidential building— (I) of common size and function; and (II) having a service life of not less than 60 years; and (ii) applicants shall evaluate the carbon emissions potential of the baseline building and the proposed building using the same lifecycle assessment software tool and data sets, which shall be compliant with the docu-ment numbered ISO 14044; and (C) provided on certification by the owner of an eligible building and verification by the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Energy, that— (i) the eligible building meets the require-ments of the applicable State commercial building energy efficiency code (as in effect on the date of the applicable permit of the eligible building); and (ii) the State has made the certification re-quired pursuant to section 304 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6833). (3) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—A participant in the program shall receive payment under the program on completion of construction or renovation of the applicable eligible build-ing. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that contains— (1) an estimate of annual and cumulative reductions achieved as a result of the pro-gram— (A) determined by using lifecycle assess-ment software that is compliant with the document numbered ISO 14044; and (B) expressed in terms of the total number of cars removed from the road; (2) a summary of any changes to the pro-gram that will be made as a result of past implementation of the program; and (3) the total number of buildings under car-bon incentives contracts as of the date of the report. (e) A
NALYTICAL REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of this section— (1) any carbon emissions potential calcula-tion shall— (A) be performed in accordance with stand-ard lifecycle assessment practice; and (B) include removal and sequestration of carbon dioxide from the use of biobased prod-ucts, as well as recycled content materials; (2) a full lifecycle assessment shall be con-ducted taking into consideration all lifecycle stages, including— (A) resource extraction and processing; (B) product manufacturing; (C) onsite construction of assemblies; (D) transportation; (E) maintenance and replacement cycles over an assumed eligible building service life of 60 years; and (F) demolition; (3) structural assemblies shall be consid-ered to include columns, beams, girders, purlins, floor deck, roof, and structural enve-lope elements; (4) primary materials shall be considered to include common products used as the structural system, such as wood, steel, con-crete, or masonry; and (5) the effects of recycling, reuse, or energy recovery beyond the boundaries of an appli-cable study system shall not be taken in ac-count. (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. 
SA 3137. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9112 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9112. COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY AND WOOD INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 9013 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8113) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9013. COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY AND WOOD INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘community wood energy system’ means an energy sys-tem that— ‘‘(i) produces useful— ‘‘(I) thermal energy; or ‘‘(II) combined thermal energy and elec-tricity, where thermal energy is the primary energy produced; ‘‘(ii) services— ‘‘(I) public facilities owned or operated by State or local governments, including schools, town halls, libraries, and other pub-lic buildings; or ‘‘(II) private or nonprofit facilities, includ-ing commercial and business facilities, such as hospitals, office buildings, apartment buildings, and manufacturing and industrial buildings; and ‘‘(iii) uses woody biomass, including re-siduals from wood processing facilities, as the primary fuel. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘community wood energy system’ includes— ‘‘(i) single facility central heating systems; ‘‘(ii) district heating systems serving mul-tiple buildings; ‘‘(iii) combined heat and electric systems, where thermal energy is the primary energy produced; and ‘‘(iv) other related biomass energy sys-tems, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) a local government; ‘‘(C) a nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(D) a private commercial entity. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘eligible project’ means a project described in sub-section (b)(2). ‘‘(4) I
NNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT FACILITY .— The term ‘innovative wood product facility’ means a manufacturing or processing plant or mill that produces— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.063 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4431 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(A) building components or systems that use large panelized wood construction, in-cluding mass timber; ‘‘(B) wood products derived from nanotech-nology or other new technology processes, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(C) other innovative wood products that use wood that is low-value and low-quality, as determined by the Secretary (referred to in this section as ‘low-value, low-quality wood’). ‘‘(5) M
ASS TIMBER .—The term ‘mass timber’ includes— ‘‘(A) cross-laminated timber; ‘‘(B) nail laminated timber; ‘‘(C) glue laminated timber; ‘‘(D) laminated strand lumber; and ‘‘(E) laminated veneer lumber. ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term Secretary means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program, to be known as the ‘Com-munity Wood Energy and Wood Innovation Program’, to provide to eligible entities grants to carry out eligible projects de-scribed in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under paragraph (1) shall use the grant to install a community wood energy system or to build an innovative wood product facility in an area in which the market for low-value, low-quality wood used by the community wood energy system or in-novative wood product facility has declined. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under paragraph (1) may only use the grant to install a community wood energy system that does not exceed a nameplate capacity of 10 megawatts of ther-mal energy or combined thermal and electric energy. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity de-siring a grant under paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, including a detailed plan that describes the engineering and design work to be carried out for the proposed eligible project. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall award grants under paragraph (1) on a com-petitive basis, taking into account— ‘‘(i) the energy efficiency of the proposed eligible project; ‘‘(ii) the cost effectiveness of the proposed eligible project; ‘‘(iii) whether the proposed eligible project represents best-in-class commercially avail-able technology; ‘‘(iv) whether the applicant has dem-onstrated a high likelihood of the eligible project succeeding, as demonstrated in the plan required as part of the application under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(v) other technical, economic, conserva-tion, and environmental criteria that the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) P
RIORITIZATION .—In selecting eligible entities for grants under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall give priority to appli-cants proposing eligible projects that— ‘‘(i) are located in areas in which markets are needed for the low-value, low-quality wood; ‘‘(ii) are located in areas with limited ac-cess to natural gas pipelines; ‘‘(iii) include the use or retrofitting of ex-isting sawmill facilities located in counties in which the average annual unemployment rate exceeded the national average unem-ployment rate by greater than 1 percent in the previous calendar year; or ‘‘(iv) are located in areas in which markets will aid with forest restoration. ‘‘(c) FUNDING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) C
AP ON CAPITAL COSTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the total installed capital cost of an eligible project that receives a grant under subsection (b)(1) shall not exceed $1,000,000. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may award a grant to an eligible entity for an eli-gible project the total installed capital cost of which exceeds the cap described in sub-paragraph (A) but does not exceed $1,500,000 if, as determined by the Secretary, special circumstances warrant such a grant, such as the eligible project being carried out at a school or hospital located in a low-income community. ‘‘(2) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Federal share of the installed capital cost of an eligible project carried out by an eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (b)(1) shall be not greater than 35 percent. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Federal share of the installed capital cost of an eligible project carried out by an eligible entity that re-ceives a grant under subsection (b)(1) may be not greater than 50 percent if the Secretary determines that special circumstances war-rant such a Federal share, such as the eligi-ble project being carried out at a school or hospital located in a low-income community. ‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Fed-eral share of the installed capital cost of an eligible project carried out by an eligible en-tity that receives a grant under subsection (b)(1) shall be not less than the Federal share provided under clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (A), as applicable. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than December 31, 2019, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives a re-port that— ‘‘(1) analyzes the impact of the Community Wood Energy and Wood Innovation Program on supporting market investments in low- value, low-quality wood; and ‘‘(2) identifies specific opportunities and measures necessary to enhance support for low-value, low-quality wood. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may use not greater than 25 percent of amounts made available under paragraph (1) to make grants to eligible entities to build innovative wood product facilities, unless the Secretary has received no other appropriate applications for grants to install community wood energy systems.’’. 
SA 3138. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: SEC. 11lll. LIMITATION ON PAYMENT OF POR-TION OF PREMIUM BY CORPORA-TION. 
Section 508(e) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(9) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, the total amount of premium paid by the Corporation on behalf of a person or legal entity, directly or indirectly, with respect to all policies issued to the person or legal entity under this title for a crop year shall be limited to a maximum of $125,000. ‘‘(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Corpora-tion shall carry out this paragraph in ac-cordance with section 1001 of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308).’’. 
SA 3139. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F LAKE , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. W AR-
REN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1301 (relating to the sugar program) and insert the following: 
SEC. 1301. SUGAR PROGRAM. 
(a) L OAN RATES .—Section 156 of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) S
UGARCANE .—The Secretary shall make loans available to processors of domes-tically grown sugarcane at a rate equal to— ‘‘(1) 18.75 cents per pound for raw cane sugar for the 2018 crop year; and ‘‘(2) 18.00 cents per pound for raw cane sugar for the 2019 through 2023 crop years. ‘‘(b) S
UGAR BEETS.—The Secretary shall make loans available to processors of domes-tically grown sugar beets at a rate equal to 128.5 percent of the loan rate per pound of raw cane sugar for the applicable crop year under subsection (a) for each of the 2018 through 2023 crop years.’’. (b) A
VOIDING FORFEITURES WHILE ENSURING  A
DEQUATE SUPPLIES AT REASONABLE  P
RICES .—Section 156(f) of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘W
HILE ENSURING ADEQUATE SUPPLIES AT  R
EASONABLE PRICES ’’ after ‘‘F ORFEITURES ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘ensure adequate supplies of sugar at reasonable prices and’’ after ‘‘shall’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—Section 156(i) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(i)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1302. ADMINISTRATION OF TARIFF-RATE QUOTAS. 
Part VII of subtitle B of title III of the Ag-ricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359aa et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART VII—SUGAR 
‘‘SEC. 359. ADMINISTRATION OF TARIFF-RATE QUOTAS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, at the beginning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.059 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4432 June 26, 2018 
of fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year there-after through the end of the effective period described in subsection (d), the Secretary shall establish the tariff-rate quotas for raw cane sugar and refined sugar to provide ade-quate supplies of sugar at reasonable prices, but at no less than the minimum level nec-essary to comply with obligations under international trade agreements that have been approved by Congress. ‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENT AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary shall adjust tariff-rate quotas estab-lished under subsection (a) in such a manner as to ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that stocks of raw cane and refined beet sugar are adequate throughout the crop year to meet the needs of the marketplace, including the efficient utilization of cane re-fining capacity. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF QUOTA SHARES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations that— ‘‘(A) promote full use of the tariff-rate quotas for raw cane sugar and refined sugar and ensure adequate supplies for cane refin-ers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) provide that any country that has been allocated a share of the quotas may temporarily transfer all or part of the share to any other country that has also been allo-cated a share of the quotas. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFERS VOLUNTARY .—Any transfer under this subsection shall be valid only pur-suant to a voluntary agreement between the transferor and the transferee, consistent with procedures established by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS WITH RE -
SPECT TO FISCAL YEAR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any transfer under this subsection shall be valid only for the dura-tion of the fiscal year during which the transfer is made. ‘‘(B) F
OLLOWING FISCAL YEAR .—No transfer under this subsection shall affect the share of the quota allocated to the transferor or transferee for the following fiscal year. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—This section shall be effective for fiscal years only through the 2023 crop year for sugar.’’. Strike section 9109 (relating to the feed-stock flexibility program for bioenergy pro-ducers) and insert the following: 
SEC. 9109. FEEDSTOCK FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM FOR BIOENERGY PRODUCERS TER-MINATION. 
Section 9010 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8110) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the feedstock flexibility program under subsection (b) for the 2019 or subse-quent crops of eligible commodities.’’. 
SA 3140. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. SENIORS FARMERS’ MARKET NUTRI-TION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4402(e) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3007(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), the maximum amount of benefits an individual is eligible to receive under the program under this section shall be $100 per year.’’. (b) R
EGULATION LIMITATION INVALID .—Ef- fective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the $50 maximum Federal benefit limitation contained in section 249.8(b) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in ef-fect on that date of enactment), shall have no force or effect. 
SA 3141. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4103(a)(1), redesignate subpara-graphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. In section 4103(a)(1), insert before subpara-graph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘over the age of 15 and under the age of 60’’ and inserting ‘‘over the age of 18 and under the age of 62’’; (II) in clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘, in accord-ance with subparagraph (D)(iii)’’ before the semicolon; (III) in clause (v)(II), by striking ‘‘30 hours per week; or’’ and inserting ‘‘80 hours per month for a period of not fewer than 300 days during a calendar year;’’; and (IV) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘20.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘20; or ‘‘(vii) fails to secure income or earnings of at least $736 per month, as indexed for United States dollar inflation from the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improve-ment Act of 2018 (as measured by the Con-sumer Price Index), for a period of not fewer than 300 days during a calendar year.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in each of clauses (i) through (iii), by in-serting ‘‘during a single, short-term period’’ after ‘‘program under subparagraph (A)’’ each place it appears; (II) in each of clauses (i) and (ii), by redes-ignating subclauses (I) through (III) as items (aa) through (cc), respectively, and indenting the items appropriately; (III) in clause (iii), by redesignating sub-clauses (I) through (IV) as items (aa) through (dd), respectively, and indenting the items appropriately; (IV) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (II) through (IV), respec-tively, and indenting the subclauses appro-priately; (V) by inserting before subclause (II) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(i) S
INGLE , SHORT -TERM PERIOD .— ‘‘(I) D
EFINITION OF SINGLE , SHORT -TERM PE -
RIOD.—In this clause, the term ‘single, short- term period’ means a period of not more than 90 consecutive days during any 1 cal-endar year.’’; and (VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) L
ONGER -TERM PERIOD .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who be-comes ineligible to participate in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program under subparagraph (A) for a period of longer than 90 consecutive days during a single calendar year shall remain ineligible to participate in that program for the duration of that cal-endar year. ‘‘(II) R
EAPPLICATION .—An individual who is ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program under sub-clause (I) for the duration of a calendar year may submit an application to participate in the program beginning on January 1 of the following calendar year.’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(iii)— (I) in the clause heading, by striking ‘‘DE-
TERMINATION BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘A UTHORITY  
OF’’; (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘may not use a meaning’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘may not— ‘‘(aa) establish any standard or require-ment that is less stringent than a com-parable standard or requirement in effect under this subsection; or ‘‘(bb) use a meaning’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) R
EPORTING AND EVALUATIONS .—Each State agency shall establish procedures by which, not less frequently than once each month— ‘‘(aa) individuals in the applicable State who are receiving benefits under the supple-mental nutrition assistance program shall submit to the State agency documentation sufficient to demonstrate compliance with the work requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) the State agency shall evaluate the activities carried out by individuals to achieve compliance with those requirements. ‘‘(IV) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection prevents a State agency from establishing a standard, requirement, mean-ing, procedure, or determination that is more stringent than a comparable standard, requirement, meaning, procedure, or deter-mination in effect under this subsection.’’; In section 4103(a)(1), in subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated), strike clauses (iii) and (iv) and insert the following: (iii) by striking ‘‘(E) employed’’ and all that follows through ‘‘half-time basis.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(v) for a period of not fewer than 300 days during a calendar year— ‘‘(I) employed a minimum of 80 hours per month; or ‘‘(II) receiving monthly earnings equal to not less than $736, as indexed for United States dollar inflation from the date of en-actment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (as measured by the Consumer Price Index); ‘‘(vi) an elderly or disabled member of a household; ‘‘(vii) a woman who— ‘‘(I) is pregnant; or ‘‘(II) gave birth during the preceding 60-day period; ‘‘(viii) certified by a medical professional as being— ‘‘(I) incapacitated in the short term, in-cluding due to an acute medical condition; or ‘‘(II) mentally or physically unfit to meet applicable work requirements; or ‘‘(ix) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018 and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2018, under the age of 30.’’; In section 4103(a)(1), in subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated), redesignate clauses (v) through (ix) as clauses (iv) through (viii), re-spectively. In section 4103(a)(1), in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), strike ‘‘(as amended by subparagraph (A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as amended by subparagraphs (A) and (B))’’. In section 4103(b)(2), redesignate subpara-graphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively. In section 4103(b)(2), insert after subpara-graph (C) the following: (D) by inserting after subclause (IX) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(X) A community service program.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.065 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4433 June 26, 2018 
In section 4103(b)(3), strike subparagraph (C) and insert the following: (C) adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION TO WORKFORCE PARTNER -
SHIPS .—To the extent that a State agency re-quires an individual to participate in an em-ployment and training program, the State agency shall consider an individual partici-pating in a workforce partnership to be in compliance with the employment and train-ing requirements. ‘‘(iv) E-
VERIFY .—The Secretary shall not approve an employment and training pro-gram of a State agency unless the Secretary determines that the employment and train-ing program establishes and enforces a re-quirement that each participant in the em-ployment and training program shall be per-mitted to engage in employment in the United States on the basis of the status of the participant, as determined under the em-ployment verification system in effect under section 274A of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a).’’; 
SA 3142. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. M UR-
PHY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. CALCULATION OF PROGRAM BENE-FITS WITH REFERENCE TO LOW- COST FOOD PLAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) L
OW-COSTFOODPLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘low-cost food plan’ means the diet required to feed a fam-ily of 4 persons, consisting of a man and a woman 19 through 50 years old, a child 6 through 8 years old, and a child 9 through 11 years old, at a cost that is in the second quartile of food expenditures for those fami-lies in the United States, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) U
NIFORM USE FOR SMALL HOUSEHOLDS  
INCLUDING CHILDREN .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall use the cost of the diet determined under paragraph (1) as the basis for uniform allotments for all small households that include 1 or more children not less than 5 and not greater than 17 years old (as determined on the first day of each month), regardless of the composition of such a household. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS .—In determining the diet under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) make household-size adjustments (based on the unrounded cost of the diet), taking into account economies of scale; ‘‘(B) make cost adjustments in the diet for the State of Hawaii and the urban and rural parts of the State of Alaska to reflect the cost of food in the State of Hawaii and urban and rural parts of the State of Alaska; ‘‘(C) make cost adjustments in the sepa-rate low-cost food plans for Guam and the United States Virgin Islands to reflect the cost of food in those States, which shall not exceed the cost of food in the 50 States and the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(D) on October 1, 2018, and each October 1 thereafter— ‘‘(i) adjust the cost of the diet to reflect the cost of the diet in the preceding June; and ‘‘(ii) round the cost determined under clause (i) to the nearest lower dollar incre-ment.’’. (b) VALUE OF ALLOTMENT .—Section 8 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2017) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and all that follows through ‘‘(a) The value’’ and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8. VALUE OF ALLOTMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION OF ALLOTMENT .—Sub- ject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the value’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘dollar: Provided, That for house-holds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘dollar. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for a household’’; (B) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
MALL HOUSEHOLDS INCLUDING CHIL -
DREN .—For a household of 1 or 2 persons, not fewer than 1 of which is a child not less than 5 and not greater than 17 years old (as deter-mined on the first day of each month), the minimum allotment shall be 8 percent of the cost of the low-cost food plan for a household containing 1 member, as determined by the Secretary under section 3, rounded to the nearest whole dollar increment.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ALLOTMENT FOR CERTAIN  
HOUSEHOLDS INCLUDING CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2)(B), in the case of a household that in-cludes 1 or more children not less than 5 and not greater than 17 years old (as determined on the first day of each month), a State agency shall issue an additional allotment to the household in an amount (rounded to the nearest lower whole dollar) equal to the sum of each of the amounts determined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION OF ALLOTMENT .—The amount of an additional allotment deter-mined by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be an amount equal to the dif-ference (rounded to the nearest lower whole dollar) between— ‘‘(i) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (1), except by substituting ‘thrifty food plan’ in that paragraph with ‘low-cost food plan’; and ‘‘(II) the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(aa) the number of children described in subparagraph (A); by ‘‘(bb) the number of members of the house-hold; and ‘‘(ii) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (1); and ‘‘(II) the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(aa) the number of children described in subparagraph (A); by ‘‘(bb) the number of members of the house-hold.’’. (c) T
OLERANCE LEVEL FOR EXCLUDING  S
MALL ERRORS .—Section 16(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(c)(1)(A)(ii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2014, at an amount not greater than $37’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018, at an amount not greater than $50’’; and (2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘June 30, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2018’’; (d) C
ONSOLIDATED BLOCK GRANTS FOR PUER-
TORICO AND AMERICAN SAMOA .—Section 19(a)(2)(A) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028(a)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘each fiscal year there-after’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2004 through 2018’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2019, $2,011,992,716; and ‘‘(iv) subject to the availability of appro-priations under section 18(a), for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter, the amount determined under clause (iii), as ad-justed by the percentage by which the thrifty plan has been adjusted under section 3(u)(4) between June 30, 2019, and June 30 of the immediately preceding fiscal year.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section take ef-fect on October 1, 2018. At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME ON A COUNTRY-BY-COUN-TRY BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951A of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  L
OW-TAXED INCOME ON A COUNTRY -BY-COUN -
TRYRATHER THANAGGREGATE BASIS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the global in-tangible low-taxed income of any United States shareholder for any taxable year shall be determined separately with respect to each foreign country by taking into account such shareholder’s pro rata share of net CFC tested income and net deemed tangible in-come return which is properly allocable to such foreign country. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to provide for the application of this section, and any provision of this title to which this section relates, on a country-by-country rather than an aggregate basis.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SA 3143. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 291(1)(A) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1639(1)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and insert-ing ‘‘or’’; (2) by striking ‘‘modified through in vitro’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘modified through— ‘‘(i) in vitro’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) any other technique for the process of modification of genetic material, including Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (CRISPR) and ribo-nucleic acid interference (RNAi); and’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 292 of the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1639a) is amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO FOODS .—This subtitle shall apply to any food that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.065 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4434 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(1) is bioengineered; or ‘‘(2) contains an ingredient that is bioengi-neered.’’. 
SA 3144. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 63ll. RURAL ENERGY SAVINGS PROGRAM MODIFICATIONS. 
Section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a) (as amended by section 6302) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) an entity comparable to an entity de-scribed in any of subparagraphs (A) through (C) that the Secretary determines provides energy efficiency services to rural con-sumers.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘energy effi-ciency measures’ includes the replacement of a manufactured home with another manufac-tured home if the eligible entity determines that the replacement would be cost-effective in increasing energy efficiency.’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) M
ANUFACTURED HOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘manufactured home’ has the meaning given the term in section 982.4(b) of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The term ‘manufac-tured home’ includes only an owner-occupied manufactured home that is located on land— ‘‘(i) that is owned by the owner of the man-ufactured home; or ‘‘(ii) for which the owner of the manufac-tured home has a long-term lease arrange-ment that— ‘‘(I) is not less than 2 years longer than the term of the applicable loan under this sec-tion; and ‘‘(II) includes a predetermined rental rate agreement.’’; and (E) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘served by’’ and inserting ‘‘located in the service area of’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘(or not more than 20 years in the case of a loan for the replacement of a manufactured home with another manufactured home)’’ after ‘‘10 years’’. 
SA 3145. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 1706, insert the following: SEC. 1707. STORAGE FACILITY LOANS FOR OR-GANIC CROPS. 
Section 1614(b)(3) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8789(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(taking into account the applicable contract, or-ganic, local, or other price of the commodity being stored under the loan)’’ after ‘‘loan’’. After section 11108, insert the following: 
SEC. 11109. PRICE ELECTIONS FOR ORGANIC CROPS. 
Section 508(c)(6)(D)(ii) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(c)(6)(D)(ii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (IV) as sub-clause (VI); and (3) by inserting after subclause (III) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(IV) whether a maximum contract price under a contract or contract price adden-dum— ‘‘(aa) improperly limits the ability of an organic producer to manage risk; and ‘‘(bb) should be raised or eliminated; ‘‘(V) for each State, data on the total num-ber of crop insurance policies or plans of in-surance purchased for certified organic or transitional land that shall— ‘‘(aa) be organized by type of policy or plan of insurance and type of crop; and ‘‘(bb) include information on loss ratios, coverage levels, and any other relevant fac-tor, as determined by the Corporation; and’’. In paragraph (7) (as redesignated by sec-tion 11122(2)) of section 522(c) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(c)), in sub-paragraph (E) (as added by section 11122(3)), strike clause (ii)(II) and insert the following: ‘‘(II) allowing a waiver to expand oper-ations, especially for— ‘‘(aa) small and beginning farmers; and ‘‘(bb) operations that have recently ob-tained access to a premium market, such as the organic market; 
SA 3146. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
Section 293(d) of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1639b(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) all on-package, electronic, digital, or telephone disclosure language uses com-monly used terms, such as ‘GMO’, ‘geneti-cally modified’, or ‘genetically engineered’; and ‘‘(7) each food manufacturer or other enti-ty subject to regulations promulgated in ac-cordance with this section, for the purpose of complying with those regulations with re-spect to salmon, finfish, or other foods pro-duced with bioengineering, may choose to use ‘bioengineered’, ‘genetically engineered’, or ‘genetically modified’ in the disclosure language for the food.’’. 
SA 3147. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: In section 2503, redesignate subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively. In section 2503, insert after subsection (b) the following: (c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TATDEVELOPMENT AND PROTECTION .—Section 1244(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the development of a conservation and recovery plan for protection of pollinators through conservation biological control or practices and strategies to integrate natural predators and parasites of crop pests into ag-ricultural systems for pest control; and ‘‘(4) training for producers relating to background science, implementation, and promotion of conservation biological control such that producers base conservation ac-tivities on practices and techniques that conserve or enhance natural habitat for ben-eficial insects as a way of reducing pest prob-lems and pesticide applications on farms.’’. 
SA 3148. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1104(6), strike the closing quotation marks and the following period and insert the following: ‘‘(i) A
DMINISTRATIVE UNITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of agri-culture risk coverage payments in the case of county coverage, a county may be divided into not greater than 2 administrative units in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COUNTIES .—A county that may be divided into administrative units under this subsection is a county that— ‘‘(A) is larger than 1,400 square miles; ‘‘(B) in contained within a State that is larger than 140,000 square miles; and ‘‘(C) contains more than 190,000 base acres. ‘‘(3) E
LECTIONS .—Before making any agri-culture risk coverage payments for the 2019 crop year, the Farm Service Agency State committee, in consultation with the Farm Service Agency county or area committee of a county described in paragraph (2), may make a 1-time election to divide the county into administrative units under this sub-section along a boundary that better reflects differences in weather patterns, soil types, or other factors. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of pro-viding agriculture risk coverage payments in the case of county coverage, the Secretary shall consider an administrative unit elected under paragraph (3) to be a county for the 2019 through 2023 crop years.’’. 
SA 3149. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.064 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4435 June 26, 2018 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 121ll. REFUSAL TO PROVIDE CERTAIN STATISTICAL INFORMATION. 
Section 202 of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (42 Stat. 161, chapter 64; 7 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by redesignating subdivisions (c) through (g) as subdivisions (d) through (h), respectively; (2) by inserting after subdivision (b) the following: ‘‘(c) Regardless of whether the refusal has any adverse effect on competition, refuse to provide to a contract poultry grower, swine production contract grower, or producer de-livering swine or cattle under a marketing or delivery contract, on request, the relevant statistical information and data used to de-termine the compensation paid to the con-tract poultry grower, swine production con-tract grower, or producer delivering swine or cattle under a marketing or delivery con-tract, including— ‘‘(1) feed conversion rates; ‘‘(2) feed analysis; ‘‘(3) breeder history; ‘‘(4) quality grade; ‘‘(5) yield grade; and ‘‘(6) delivery volume for any certified branding program (such as programs for angus beef or certified grassfed or Berkshire pork); or’’; and (3) in subdivision (h) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘or (e).’’at the end and inserting ‘‘(e), or (f).’’. 
SA 3150. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W YDEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 125ll. GRANTS FOR FOOD WASTE MANAGE-MENT INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency, shall estab-lish a program under which the Secretary shall provide grants to reduce food waste in accordance with the Food Recovery Hier-archy of the Environmental Protection Agency (or a successor document), including for— (1) the development and implementation of a State organic waste reduction plan; (2) food waste prevention and food rescue infrastructure facilities, including storage, handling, and transportation facilities; or (3) subject to subsection (c), large-scale composting or anaerobic digestion food waste-to-energy projects, excluding landfills. (b) P
REFERENCES .—In providing grants under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give preference to projects— (1)(A) for the purpose described in sub-section (a)(1); or (B) that are consistent with a State or-ganic waste reduction plan; and (2) in the case of a project for the purpose described in subsection (a)(3), that use food scraps as undigested biomass. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR FOOD WASTE -TO-EN-
ERGY PROJECTS .—To receive a grant under subsection (a)(3), a large-scale composting or anaerobic digestion food waste-to-energy project shall have in effect a written end- product recycling plan that— (1) provides for the use of the material re-sulting from the project, in accordance with guidelines that the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall establish; and (2) ensures that the use of the material re-sulting from the project does not create an environmental hazard. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
SA 3151. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 121lll. UNLAWFUL RETALIATION. 
(a) R ETALIATION FOR EXERCISE OF LAWFUL  E
XPRESSION .—Section 202 of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 192), is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subdivisions (a) through (g) as paragraphs (1) through (7), re-spectively, and indenting the paragraphs ap-propriately; (2) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘person (1) to’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘person— ‘‘(A) to’’; (B) by striking ‘‘business, or (2) to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘business; ‘‘(B) to’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘article, or (3) to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘article; or ‘‘(C) to’’; (3) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subdivision (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘any of paragraphs (1) through (5)’’; (4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘It shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) U
NLAWFUL RETALIATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No packer, swine con-tractor, or live poultry dealer shall take or threaten to take retaliatory action in re-sponse to any lawful spoken or written ex-pression, association, or action of a livestock producer, swine production contract grower, or poultry grower. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF LAWFUL EXPRESSION .—The lawful expression referred to in paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) communication with officials of a Federal agency or Members of Congress; ‘‘(B) any lawful disclosure that dem-onstrates a reasonable belief of a violation of this Act; and ‘‘(C) any other communication that assists in carrying out the purposes of this Act. ‘‘(3) A
LLEGED VIOLATIONS .—An alleged vio-lation of paragraph (1) may be reported to the Secretary for appropriate action.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF RETALIATORY ACTION .— Section 2(a) of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 182(a)), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(15) R
ETALIATORY ACTION .—The term ‘re-taliatory action’ means coercion, intimida-tion, or taking or failing to take any other action that could discourage the exercise of rights described in this Act against any live-stock producer, swine production contract grower, or poultry grower in the execution, termination, extension, or renewal of a con-tract or an agreement to purchase involving livestock or poultry, regardless of whether the action has any adverse effect on competi-tion.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 411 of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 228b–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘section 202(b),’’ after ‘‘any pro-vision of’’; and (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘section 207’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 202(b), section 207,’’. 
SA 3152. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 306E(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926e(b)) (as amended by section 6108(3)(C)), add at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
ECENTRALIZED WASTEWATER SYSTEMS  
SERVING 2 OR MORE DWELLINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The recipient of a grant under this section may make a subgrant for the purpose of installing a larger decentral-ized wastewater system designed to provide treatment for all affected homes if— ‘‘(i) site conditions are unsuitable for the installation of an individually owned decen-tralized wastewater system; and ‘‘(ii) multiple examples of unsuitable site conditions exist in close geographic prox-imity to each another. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A subgrant under sub-paragraph (A) shall include provisions to es-tablish and implement an effective and sus-tainable plan for ongoing management and operation of the decentralized wastewater system. ‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount of a subgrant under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the total amount of subgrants that could have been issued to eligible individuals served by the larger decentralized waste-water system described in that subpara-graph.’’. 
SA 3153. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12519. REPORT ON STUDENT LOAN DEBT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Education, shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report describing the impact of student loan debt on farmers, ranchers, and the agricultural sector in the United States. The report shall include the following: (1) An assessment and description of the extent to which debt from student loans is— (A) impacting the ability of farmers and ranchers to acquire or access credit, acquire or inherit farmland, start new businesses, or expand existing farm operations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.068 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4436 June 26, 2018 
(B) creating barriers to entry or preventing aspiring farmers and ranchers from begin-ning careers in agriculture-related occupa-tions; and (C) threatening the long-term economic vi-ability of agriculture in the United States. (2) How debt from student loans affects, as described in paragraph (1), beginning farmers and historically underserved producers, in particular. (3) The regulatory, operational, or statu-tory changes that are necessary to address student loan debt as an impediment for cur-rent and aspiring farmers and ranchers. 
SA 3154. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. T ILLIS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 6105, insert the following: 
SEC. 6106. BUSINESS AND INNOVATION SERVICES ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES. 
Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) B
USINESS AND INNOVATION SERVICES  
ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may make loans and loan guarantees under this subsection and grants under para-graphs (19), (20), and (21) for essential com-munity facilities for business and innovation services, such as incubators, co-working spaces, makerspaces, and residential entre-preneur and innovation centers.’’. After section 6123, insert the following: 
SEC. 6124. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECON-OMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 379I. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECONOMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a rural jobs accelerator part-nership established after the date of enact-ment of this section that— ‘‘(A) organizes key community and re-gional stakeholders into a working group that— ‘‘(i) focuses on the shared goals and needs of the industry clusters that are objectively identified as existing, emerging, or declin-ing; ‘‘(ii) represents a region defined by the partnership in accordance with subparagraph (B); ‘‘(iii) includes 1 or more representatives of— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); ‘‘(II) a private entity; or ‘‘(III) a government entity; ‘‘(iv) may include 1 or more representa-tives of— ‘‘(I) an economic development or other community or labor organization; ‘‘(II) a financial institution, including a community development financial institu-tion (as defined in section 103 of the Commu-nity Development Banking and Financial In-stitutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4702)); ‘‘(III) a philanthropic organization; or ‘‘(IV) a rural cooperative, if the coopera-tive is organized as a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(v) has, as a lead applicant— ‘‘(I) a District Organization (as defined in section 300.3 of title 13, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a successor regulation)); ‘‘(II) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or a consortium of Indian tribes; ‘‘(III) a State or a political subdivision of a State, including a special purpose unit of a State or local government engaged in eco-nomic development activities, or a consor-tium of political subdivisions; ‘‘(IV) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) or a con-sortium of institutions of higher education; or ‘‘(V) a public or private nonprofit organiza-tion; and ‘‘(B) subject to approval by the Secretary, may— ‘‘(i) serve a region that is— ‘‘(I) a single jurisdiction; or ‘‘(II) if the region is a rural area, multi-jurisdictional; and ‘‘(ii) define the region that the partnership represents, if the region— ‘‘(I) is large enough to contain critical ele-ments of the industry cluster prioritized by the partnership; ‘‘(II) is small enough to enable close col-laboration among members of the partner-ship; ‘‘(III) includes a majority of communities that are located in— ‘‘(aa) a nonmetropolitan area that qualifies as a low-income community (as defined in section 45D(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986); and ‘‘(bb) an area that has access to or has a plan to achieve broadband service (within the meaning of title VI of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.)); and ‘‘(IV)(aa) has a population of 50,000 or fewer inhabitants; or ‘‘(bb) for a region with a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, is the subject of a positive determination by the Secretary with respect to a rural-in-character petition, including such a petition submitted concur-rently with the application of the partner-ship for a grant under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NDUSTRY CLUSTER .—The term ‘indus-try cluster’ means a broadly defined network of interconnected firms and supporting insti-tutions in related industries that accelerate innovation, business formation, and job cre-ation by taking advantage of assets and strengths of a region in the business environ-ment. ‘‘(3) H
IGH-WAGE JOB .—The term ‘high-wage job’ means a job that provides a wage that is greater than the median wage for the appli-cable region, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(4) J
OBS ACCELERATOR .—The term ‘jobs ac-celerator’ means a jobs accelerator center or program located in or serving a low-income rural community that may provide co-work-ing space, in-demand skills training, entre-preneurship support, and any other services described in subsection (d)(1)(B). ‘‘(5) S
MALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS .— The term ‘small and disadvantaged business’ has the meaning given the term ‘small busi-ness concern owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals’ in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to establish jobs accelerators, including related program-ming, that— ‘‘(A) improve the ability of distressed rural communities to create high-wage jobs, accel-erate the formation of new businesses with high-growth potential, and strengthen re-gional economies, including by helping to build capacity in the applicable region to achieve those goals; and ‘‘(B) help rural communities identify and maximize local assets and connect to re-gional opportunities, networks, and industry clusters that demonstrate high growth po-tential. ‘‘(2) COST-SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under paragraph (1) shall be not great-er than 80 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share of the total cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under para-graph (1) may be in the form of donations or in-kind contributions of goods or services fairly valued. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting eli-gible entities to receive grants under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) the commitment of participating core stakeholders in the jobs accelerator partner-ship, including a demonstration that— ‘‘(i) investment organizations, including venture development organizations, venture capital firms, revolving loan funders, angel investment groups, community lenders, com-munity development financial institutions, rural business investment companies, small business investment companies (as defined in section 103 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 662)), philanthropic or-ganizations, and other institutions focused on expanding access to capital, are com-mitted partners in the jobs accelerator part-nership and willing to potentially invest in projects emerging from the jobs accelerator; and ‘‘(ii) institutions of higher education, ap-plied research institutions, workforce devel-opment entities, and community-based orga-nizations are willing to partner with the jobs accelerator to provide workers with skills relevant to the industry cluster needs of the region, with an emphasis on the use of on- the-job training, registered apprenticeships, customized training, classroom occupational training, or incumbent worker training; ‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to provide the non-Federal share as required under paragraph (2); ‘‘(C) the speed of available broadband serv-ice and how the jobs accelerator plans to im-prove access to high-speed broadband serv-ice, if necessary, and leverage that broadband service for programs of the jobs accelerator; ‘‘(D) the identification of a targeted indus-try cluster, including a description of— ‘‘(i) data showing the existence of emer-gence of an industry cluster; ‘‘(ii) the importance of the industry cluster to economic growth in the region; ‘‘(iii) the specific needs and opportunities for growth in the industry cluster; ‘‘(iv) the unique assets a region has to sup-port the industry cluster and to have a com-petitive advantage in that industry cluster; ‘‘(v) evidence of a concentration of firms or concentration of employees in the industry cluster; and ‘‘(vi) available industry-specific infrastruc-ture that supports the industry cluster; ‘‘(E) the ability of the partnership to link rural communities to markets, networks, in-dustry clusters, and other regional opportu-nities and assets— ‘‘(i) to improve the competitiveness of the rural region; ‘‘(ii) to repatriate United States jobs; ‘‘(iii) to foster high-wage job creation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.068 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4437 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(iv) to support innovation and entrepre-neurship; and ‘‘(v) to promote private investment in the rural regional economy; ‘‘(F) other grants or loans of the Secretary and other Federal agencies that the jobs ac-celerator would be able to leverage; and ‘‘(G) prospects for the proposed center and related programming to have sustainability beyond the full maximum length of assist-ance under this subsection, including the maximum number of renewals. ‘‘(4) G
RANT TERM AND RENEWALS .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.—The initial term of a grant under paragraph (1) shall be 4 years. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a grant under paragraph (1) for an additional period of not longer than 2 years if the Sec-retary is satisfied, using the evaluation under subsection (e)(2), that the grant recipi-ent has successfully established a jobs accel-erator and related programming. ‘‘(5) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide grants under paragraph (1) for jobs accelerators and related programming in not fewer than 25 States at any time. ‘‘(c) G
RANT AMOUNT .—A grant awarded under subsection (b) may be in an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) not less than $500,000; and ‘‘(2) not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), funds from a grant awarded under subsection (b) may be used— ‘‘(A) to construct, purchase, or equip a building to serve as an innovation center, which may include— ‘‘(i) housing for business owners or work-ers; ‘‘(ii) co-working space, which may include space for remote work; ‘‘(iii) space for businesses to utilize with a focus on entrepreneurs and small and dis-advantaged businesses but that may include collaboration with companies of all sizes; ‘‘(iv) job training programs; and ‘‘(v) efforts to utilize the innovation center as part of the development of a community downtown; or ‘‘(B) to support programs to be carried out at, or in direct partnership with, the jobs ac-celerator that support the objectives of the jobs accelerator, including— ‘‘(i) linking rural communities to markets, networks, industry clusters, and other re-gional opportunities to support high-wage job creation, new business formation, and economic growth; ‘‘(ii) integrating small businesses into a supply chain; ‘‘(iii) creating or expanding commercializa-tion activities for new business formation; ‘‘(iv) identifying and building assets in rural communities that are crucial to sup-porting regional economies; ‘‘(v) facilitating the repatriation of high- wage jobs to the United States; ‘‘(vi) supporting the deployment of innova-tive processes, technologies, and products; ‘‘(vii) enhancing the capacity of small businesses in regional industry clusters, in-cluding small and disadvantaged businesses; ‘‘(viii) increasing United States exports and business interaction with international buyers and suppliers; ‘‘(ix) developing the skills and expertise of local workforces, entrepreneurs, and institu-tional partners to support growing industry clusters, including the upskilling of incum-bent workers; ‘‘(x) ensuring rural communities have the capacity and ability to carry out projects re-lating to housing, community facilities, in-frastructure, or community and economic development to support regional industry cluster growth; ‘‘(xi) establishing training programs to meet the needs of employers in a regional in-dustry cluster and prepare workers for high- wage jobs; or ‘‘(xii) any other activities that the Sec-retary may determine to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not more than 10 percent of a grant awarded under subsection (b) shall be used for indirect costs associated with admin-istering the grant. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASE .—The Secretary may in-crease the percentage described in subpara-graph (A) on a case-by-case basis. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL ACTIVITY REPORT AND EVALUA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year after receiving a grant under this section, and annually there-after for the duration of the grant, an eligi-ble entity shall— ‘‘(1) report to the Secretary on the activi-ties funded with the grant; and ‘‘(2)(A) evaluate the progress that the eligi-ble entity has made toward the strategic ob-jectives identified in the application for the grant; and ‘‘(B) measure that progress using perform-ance measures during the project period, which may include— ‘‘(i) high-wage jobs created; ‘‘(ii) high-wage jobs retained; ‘‘(iii) private investment leveraged; ‘‘(iv) businesses improved; ‘‘(v) new business formations; ‘‘(vi) new products or services commer-cialized; ‘‘(vii) improvement of the value of existing products or services under development; ‘‘(viii) regional collaboration, as measured by such metrics as— ‘‘(I) the number of organizations actively engaged in the industry cluster; ‘‘(II) the number of symposia held by the industry cluster, including organizations that are not located in the immediate region defined by the partnership; and ‘‘(III) the number of further cooperative agreements; ‘‘(ix) the number of education and training activities relating to innovation; ‘‘(x) the number of jobs relocated from out-side of the United States to the region; ‘‘(xi) the amount and number of new equity investments in industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xii) the amount and number of new loans to industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xiii) the dollar increase in exports result-ing from the project activities; ‘‘(xiv) the percentage of employees for which training was provided; ‘‘(xv) improvement in sales of partici-pating businesses; ‘‘(xvi) improvement in wages paid at par-ticipating businesses; ‘‘(xvii) improvement in income of partici-pating workers; or ‘‘(xviii) any other measure the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interagency Federal task force to support the network of jobs accelerators by— ‘‘(A) providing successful applicants with available information and technical assist-ance on Federal resources relevant to the project and region; ‘‘(B) establishing a Federal support team comprised of staff from participating agen-cies in the task force that shall provide co-ordinated and dedicated support services to jobs accelerators; and ‘‘(C) providing opportunities for the net-work of jobs accelerators to share best prac-tices and further collaborate to achieve the purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be co-chaired by— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Commerce (or a des-ignee); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary (or a designee); and ‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Education (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Energy (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Health and Human Services (or a designee); ‘‘(iv) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (or a designee); ‘‘(v) the Secretary of Labor (or a designee); ‘‘(vi) the Secretary of Transportation (or a designee); ‘‘(vii) the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee); ‘‘(viii) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (or a designee); ‘‘(ix) the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration (or a designee); ‘‘(x) the Federal Co-Chair of the Appa-lachian Regional Commission (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xi) the Federal Co-Chairman of the Board of the Delta Regional Authority (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xii) the Federal Co-Chair of the Northern Border Regional Commission (or a designee); ‘‘(xiii) national and local organizations that have relevant programs and interests that could serve the needs of the jobs accel-erators; ‘‘(xiv) representatives of State and local governments or State and local economic de-velopment agencies; ‘‘(xv) representatives of institutions of higher education, including land-grant uni-versities; and ‘‘(xvi) such other heads of Federal agencies and non-Federal partners as determined ap-propriate by the co-chairs of the task force.’’. Strike section 6125 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 6125. RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 384A of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
VENTURE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) E
QUITY CAPITAL .—The term ‘equity capital’ means— ‘‘(A) common or preferred stock or a simi-lar instrument, including subordinated debt with equity features; and ‘‘(B) any other type of equity-like financ-ing that might be necessary to facilitate the purposes of this Act, excluding financing such as senior debt or other types of financ-ing that competes with routine loanmaking of commercial lenders.’’. (b) P
URPOSES .—Section 384B of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–1) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ven-ture’’. (c) S
ELECTION OF RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Section 384D(b)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–3(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘developmental venture’’ and in-serting ‘‘developmental’’. (d) F
EES.—Section 384G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–6) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.070 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4438 June 26, 2018 
(1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘a fee that does not exceed $500’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such fees as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, so long as those fees are proportionally equal for each rural business investment company,’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sole-ly to cover the costs of licensing examina-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘as the Secretary con-siders appropriate’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) shall be in such amounts as the Sec-retary considers appropriate.’’. (e) L
IMITATION ON RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES CONTROLLED BY FARM CRED-
ITSYSTEM INSTITUTIONS .—Section 384J(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘25’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’. (f) F
LEXIBILITY ON SOURCES OF INVESTMENT  
ORCAPITAL .—Section 384J(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Except as’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) (as so redesignated) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NVESTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may not require that an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) provide investment or capital that is not required of other com-panies eligible to apply to operate as a rural business investment company under section 384D(a).’’. 
SA 3155. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 24ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO CONSERVATION PROGRAMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the investment in conservation pro-vided by this Act is critical to the protection of natural resources, environmental en-hancement, and the long-term food security of the United States; (2) establishing clear objectives and antici-pated outcomes for conservation programs is essential for tracking progress on achieving objectives over time; (3) a measurement, evaluation, and report-ing system should be established to help de-fine and assess conservation outcomes and thereby help ensure robust, positive returns on the taxpayer investment in conservation programs; (4) an outcomes-based measurement, eval-uation, and reporting system for conserva-tion programs under this Act and Acts amended by this Act should be coordinated with the broader existing activities by the Department of Agriculture under the Soil and Water Resources Conservation Act of 1977 (16 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.) and the Conserva-tion Effects Assessment Project; and (5) determining a secure and ongoing fund-ing source will be critical to the success of the measure, evaluation, and reporting sys-tem described in paragraph (4). SA 3156. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON PRICE LOSS COVERAGE PAYMENTS OR AGRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE PAYMENTS FOR CERTAIN FARMS WITH MINIMAL PAYMENT ACRES. 
Section 1114(d)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(d)(1)) is amended by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, unless the sum of the base acres on the farm, when combined with the base acres of other farms in which the producer has an interest, is more than 10 acres’’. 
SA 3157. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 675, strike line 14 and insert the following: white-tailed deer populations. ‘‘(15) D
RYLAND FARMING AGRICULTURAL SYS -
TEMS .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of carrying out or enhancing research on the utilization of big data for more precise man-agement of dryland farming agricultural sys-tems.’’. 
SA 3158. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 675, strike line 14 and insert the following: white-tailed deer populations. ‘‘(15) P
RODUCTIVITY OF OILSEEDS .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of carrying out or enhancing research on the productivity of oilseeds in varying water availability.’’. 
SA 3159. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2414, add at the end the fol-lowing: (d) R
EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENCING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 401 of the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘wildfires,’’ after ‘‘hurri-canes,’’; (B) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary of Agriculture’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 401. PAYMENTS TO PRODUCERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture (referred to in this title as the ‘Sec-retary’)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENC-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a pay-ment to an agricultural producer under sub-section (a) for the repair or replacement of fencing, the Secretary shall give the agricul-tural producer the option of receiving not more than 25 percent of the payment, deter-mined by the Secretary based on the applica-ble percentage of the fair market value of the cost of the repair or replacement, before the agricultural producer carries out the re-pair or replacement. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF FUNDS .—If the funds pro-vided under paragraph (1) are not expended by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the agricultural producer receives those funds, the funds shall be re-turned within a reasonable timeframe, as de-termined by the Secretary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Sections 402, 403, 404, and 405 of the Ag-ricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2202, 2203, 2204, 2205) are amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (B) Section 407(a) of the Agricultural Cred-it Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2206(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (e) C
OSTSHARE PAYMENTS .—Title IV of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 402 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 402A. COST-SHARE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) C OST-SHARE RATE.—Subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), the maximum cost-share payment under sections 401 and 402 shall not exceed, 75 percent of the total allowable cost, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), a payment to a limited resource farmer or rancher, a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher (as defined in 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)), or a beginning farmer or rancher under section 401 or 402 shall not exceed 90 percent of the total al-lowable cost, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The total payment under sections 401 and 402 for a single event may not exceed 50 percent of the agriculture value of the land, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SA 3160. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. REMOTE SENSING TECHNOLOGIES. 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall— (1) continue to find efficiencies in the oper-ations of the forest inventory and analysis program under section 3(e) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1642(e)) through the im-proved use and integration of advanced re-mote sensing technologies to provide esti-mates for State- and national-level inven-tories, where appropriate; and (2) partner with States and other inter-ested stakeholders to carry out the program described in paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.070 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4439 June 26, 2018 
SA 3161. Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. STATE MANAGEMENT AND CON-SERVATION OF SPECIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the greater sage-grouse ( Centrocerus urophasianus) and the lesser prairie-chicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) may not be list-ed as a threatened species or endangered spe-cies under section 4 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). (b) S
UBSEQUENT DETERMINATIONS .—In de- termining whether to list the species de-scribed in subsection (a) as a threatened spe-cies or endangered species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) after the 10-year period described in that subsection, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall fully consider all conservation ac-tions of States, Federal agencies, and mili-tary installations. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, this section shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SA 3162. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 250, line 17, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Funds may not be used as de-scribed in the previous sentence until the date that is 30 days after the date on which Cuba holds free and fair elections for a new government— ‘‘(1) with the participation of multiple independent political parties that have full access to the media; ‘‘(2) that are conducted under the super-vision of internationally recognized observ-ers, such as the Organization of American States, the United Nations, and other elec-tion monitors; and ‘‘(3) that are certified by the Secretary of State.’’. 
SA 3163. Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C RAPO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 121ll. HOURS OF SERVICE REGULATIONS FOR TRANSPORTATION OF LIVE-STOCK. 
The Secretary of Transportation shall amend part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that, in the case of a driver transporting livestock (as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471)) or in-sects within a 300 air-mile radius from the point at which the on-duty time of the driver begins with respect to the trip— (1) the on-duty time of the driver shall ex-clude all time spent— (A) at a plant, terminal, facility, or other property of a motor carrier or shipper or on any public property during which the driver is waiting to be dispatched; (B) loading or unloading a commercial motor vehicle; (C) supervising or assisting in the loading or unloading of a commercial motor vehicle; (D) attending to a commercial motor vehi-cle while the vehicle is being loaded or un-loaded; (E) remaining in readiness to operate a commercial motor vehicle; and (F) giving or receiving receipts for ship-ments loaded or unloaded; (2) except as provided in paragraph (5), the driving time under section 395.3(a)(3)(i) of that title is modified to a maximum of not less than 15, and not more than 18, hours within a 24-hour period; (3) the driver may take 1 or more rest peri-ods during the trip, which shall not be in-cluded in the calculation of the driving time; (4) after completion of the trip, the driver shall be required to take a rest break for a period that is 5 hours less than the max-imum driving time under paragraph (2); (5) if the driver is within 150 air-miles of the point of delivery, any additional driving to that point of delivery shall not be in-cluded in the calculation of the driving time; and (6) the 10-hour rest period under section 395.3(a)(1) of that title shall not apply. SA 3164. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 5303, insert the following: 
SEC. 5304. USE OF ADDITIONAL COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUNDS FOR DIRECT OPERATING MICROLOANS UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS. 
Section 346(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF ADDITIONAL COMMODITY CREDIT  
CORPORATION FUNDS FOR DIRECT OPERATING  
MICROLOANS UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the amount needed for a fiscal year for direct operating loans (including microloans) under subtitle B is greater than the aggregate principal amount authorized for that fiscal year by this Act, an appropria-tions Act, or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall make additional microloans under subtitle B using amounts made avail-able under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to make microloans under subtitle B, under the conditions described in subpara-graph (A), not more than $5,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Not later than 15 days before the date on which the Secretary uses the au-thority under subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall submit a notice of the use of that authority to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate.’’. SA 3165. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 124ll. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Department of Agriculture is the primary Federal agency dedicated to improv-ing the economy and quality of life in rural areas of the United States; (2) the Department of Agriculture provides significant financial resources and technical assistance to rural communities, including loans, loan guarantees, and grants to help support economic development in rural areas of the United States; (3) the United States has a substantial in-terest in ensuring that the nearly 45,000,000 individuals in the United States living in rural communities have access to critical in-frastructure, broadband, telecommuni-cations connectivity, capital, health care, and other essential resources; and (4) renaming the Department of Agri-culture the ‘‘Department of Agriculture and Rural Development’’ would— (A) further establish the importance of rural development to the mission of the De-partment; and (B) raise awareness in rural areas of the United States of the essential role the De-partment has in supporting rural commu-nities throughout the United States. (b) R
ENAMING .—Subtitle A of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) (as amended by section 12403(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 224. RENAMING AS DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOP-MENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) D
EPARTMENT .—The Department of Ag-riculture shall be known and designated as the ‘Department of Agriculture and Rural Development’. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall be known and designated as the ‘Secretary of Agriculture and Rural Develop-ment’. ‘‘(b) R
EFERENCES .—Except as provided in subsection (c), any reference to the Depart-ment of Agriculture or the Secretary of Ag-riculture in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Department of Agriculture and Rural De-velopment and the Secretary of Agriculture and Rural Development, respectively. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The re- naming of the Department of Agriculture and the Secretary of Agriculture under this section shall not apply to any acronyms used before the date of enactment of this section by the Secretary for the purposes of label-ing.’’. 
SA 3166. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.069 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4440 June 26, 2018 
the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 61ll. DEMONSTRATION PROJECT TO DE-CREASE OPIOID MISUSE BY STU-DENTS. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 379I. DEMONSTRATION PROJECT TO DE-CREASE OPIOID MISUSE BY STU-DENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an extension program in a land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a demonstration project under which the Secretary shall award grants to el-igible entities to provide technical assist-ance to support evidence-based programming for students in grades 5 through 8 that is proven to prevent the misuse of opioids and other substances. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b), an eligible enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In allocating grants under subsection (b), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity that— ‘‘(A) has experience in implementing evi-dence-based delivery systems for youth pro-gramming proven to reduce the misuse of opioids and other substances among youths in grades 5 through 8; ‘‘(B) promotes healthy life skills that have been demonstrated to reduce drug misuse; and ‘‘(C) proposes to serve a rural county or community of not more than 50,000 residents, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION DEADLINE .—The Secretary shall not accept an application under para-graph (1) that is submitted less than 90 days before the date on which the demonstration project terminates under subsection (h). ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF GRANT .—A grant awarded under subsection (b) shall be for a period of 5 years. ‘‘(e) G
RANT DISBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(1) M
INIMUM GRANT AMOUNT .—An eligible entity that is given priority under sub-section (c)(2) shall receive a grant of not less than $250,000. ‘‘(2) T
IME OF DISBURSEMENT .—Not later than 30 days after awarding a grant to an eli-gible entity under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall disburse to the eligible entity the total amount of the grant funds awarded. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) shall use the grant funds to provide technical assistance to support— ‘‘(A) evidence-based programs that strengthen families by developing and im-proving communication skills between par-ents or guardians and children; ‘‘(B) evidence-based training programs dur-ing and after school that build life skills and prepare students for adulthood by providing the education and tools necessary to teach students how to better communicate with their peers, build stronger relationships, and resist risky behavior; and ‘‘(C) any other programs, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) may use the grant funds to reimburse the cost of meals, child care, or other ex-penses to encourage students and families to participate in any program implemented under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the demonstration project is es-tablished under subsection (b), and each year thereafter for the next 3 years, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an interim report on the demonstration project that includes— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities conducted by each eligible entity receiving a grant under the demonstration project; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the effectiveness of the demonstration project, including on par-ticipation rates; and ‘‘(C) an assessment of the effectiveness of the use of funds described in subsection (f)(2) to encourage students and families to par-ticipate in any program implemented under paragraph (1) of that subsection. ‘‘(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the termination of the demonstra-tion project under subsection (h), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the demonstration project that includes— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities conducted by each eligible entity receiving a grant under the demonstration project; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the effectiveness of the demonstration project, including on— ‘‘(i) reduction in the misuse of opioids and other substances; ‘‘(ii) reduction in the risk factors of misuse of opioids and other substances; ‘‘(iii) participation rates; ‘‘(iv) cost savings, with a focus on savings from a reduction in substance use disorders; and ‘‘(v) changes in youth mental health; ‘‘(C) an assessment of the effectiveness of the use of funds described in subsection (f)(2) to encourage students and families to par-ticipate in any program implemented under paragraph (1) of that subsection; ‘‘(D) an assessment of the sustainability of the demonstration project; and ‘‘(E) a description of the steps and funding necessary to incorporate components of the demonstration project that are proven to re-duce rates of misuse of opioids and other substances into Federal and State programs and services. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publically available, including by posting on the website of the Department of Agriculture, each report submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—The demonstration project established under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the establishment of the dem-onstration project. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SA 3167. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. HEALTH CARE FOR FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall award grants to States and nonprofit entities to establish and sup-port programs to mitigate the financial risk posed to farms and ranches by high health costs by— (1) providing information and services to assist farmers and ranchers to determine their eligibility for comprehensive health coverage; (2) subsidizing out-of-pocket health ex-penditures for farmers and ranchers who are enrolled in comprehensive health coverage and have annual household incomes below 500 percent of the Federal poverty rate; and (3) subsidizing the purchase of comprehen-sive health coverage for farmers and ranch-ers who are described in section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) but who reside in a State that has not elected to provide coverage under the State Medicaid plan under title XIX of such Act (or a waiver of such plan) to individuals described in such section. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
ARMERS AND RANCHERS .—The term ‘‘farmers and ranchers’’ means individuals who work as farmers or ranchers, and any spouse or dependant (as defined in section 152 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of such an individual. (2) C
OMPREHENSIVE HEALTH COVERAGE .—The term ‘‘comprehensive health coverage’’ means public or private health insurance coverage that— (A) offers— (i) benefits that are at least equivalent to the essential health benefits package under section 1302(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(a)); and (ii) consumer protections that are at least equivalent to the consumer protections re-quired under such Act and under title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.), including protections for indi-viduals with pre-existing conditions; or (B) meets the requirements for being min-imum essential coverage under section 5000A(f)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on June 1, 2018. (3) O
UT-OF-POCKET HEALTH EXPENDITURES .— The term ‘‘out-of-pocket health expendi-tures’’ means health insurance deductibles, copayments, coinsurance, or other cost-shar-ing incurred by individuals and families en-rolled in comprehensive health insurance benefits. (c) N
UMBER OF AWARDS .—The Secretary shall make awards under this section to eli-gible applicants located in not fewer than 10 States. (d) G
RANT PERIOD .—Grants under this sec-tion shall be awarded for not longer than a 5- year period and may be renewed at the Sec-retary’s discretion. (e) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) give priority to States and nonprofit en-tities located in States where, according to the most recent Census of Agriculture the primary occupation of not less than half of principal farm operators is farming; and (2) ensure that grantees and grant funds are distributed across Census of Agriculture regions and divisions. (f) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds made available under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or private funds that are made available for the purposes described in subsection (a). (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until ex-pended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.069 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4441 June 26, 2018 
SA 3168. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11618. NATIONAL ECONOMIC SECURITY STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the national security of the United States depends in large part on a vibrant, growing, and secure United States economy; (2) the United States confronts more inter-national economic competition and threats today than at any time in the Nation’s his-tory; (3) a failure of the United States to com-pete economically will undermine the pros-perity and security of the people of the United States; (4) the United States is stronger when the national security strategy integrates eco-nomic tools in the service of foreign policy objectives; (5) it is in the national security and eco-nomic interests of the United States— (A) to promote free, fair, and reciprocal economic relationships between the United States and foreign individuals and entities; (B) to promote and protect the United States innovation base, including the defense industrial base; (C) to ensure that the United States leads in research, technology, and innovation; (D) to counter anticompetitive economic behavior, policies, and strategies by foreign individuals and entities; (E) to promote environmental stewardship; and (F) to ensure workers and families in the United States have the opportunity to thrive with competitive wages and are not unfairly disadvantaged; (6) the Federal Government has a limited, but important, role in facilitating the ability of the United States to compete successfully in the international economic competition described in paragraph (2); and (7) the Federal Government should periodi-cally produce a national economic security strategy— (A) to ensure Federal policies, statutes, regulations, procedures, data gathering, and assessment practices are optimally designed and implemented to facilitate the competi-tiveness, prosperity, and security of the United States; and (B) maximally advance economic oppor-tunity for present and future generations of United States citizens. (b) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port setting forth a national economic secu-rity strategy of the United States to support the national security strategy for 2017. (2) S
UBSEQUENT STRATEGIES .—Beginning in 2021, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a na-tional economic security strategy— (A) in any year in which a new President is inaugurated, not later than October 1 of that year; and (B) in any other year, not later than 90 days after the transmission to Congress in that year of the national security strategy. (c) ELEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall set forth a national eco-nomic security strategy of the United States and shall, at a minimum, include the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of the global competi-tive position of key United States economic sectors, including strengths, weaknesses, op-portunities, and threats. (2) An assessment of the national debt and its implications for the economic and na-tional security of the United States. (3) A description and discussion of the prioritized economic security interests and objectives of the United States, including key economic sectors vital to economic secu-rity of the United States. (4) A description of the leading threats, challenges, and opportunities associated with the interests and objectives described in paragraph (3), including— (A) an assessment of the severity and like-lihood of the threats, both foreign and do-mestic, and an explicit linking of each such threat to a national interest or objective; (B) an assessment of the nature of the challenges and how each challenge will evolve if left unaddressed; and (C) an assessment of the opportunities and associated potential benefits to United States interests or objectives. (5) An overview of the public and private sector tools necessary to address or mini-mize the leading threats and challenges de-scribed in paragraph (4) and to take advan-tage of the leading opportunities described in that paragraph. (6) An assessment of whether the United States Government or private sector pos-sesses those tools. (7) For each such threat, challenge, or op-portunity that the United States Govern-ment or private sector lack sufficient tools to address, minimize, or take advantage of, a detailed plan to develop, improve, or foster those tools. (8) A plan to utilize available tools to ad-dress or minimize the leading threats and challenges and to take advantage of the lead-ing opportunities, including— (A) a discussion of the optimal allocation of finite resources and an identification of the risks associated with that allocation; (B) specific objectives, tasks, metrics, and milestones for each relevant Federal agency; (C) specific plans to eliminate obstacles for the private sector in areas supportive of the national economic security strategy and to maximize the prudent use of public-private partnerships; (D) specific plans to eliminate obstacles to strengthening United States energy security, sustainability, and resilience in areas sup-portive of the national economic security strategy, including energy diversity and sus-tainable management and use of energy re-sources; (E) specific plans to promote environ-mental stewardship and fair competition for United States workers; (F) a description of— (i) how the national economic security strategy supports the national security strategy; and (ii) how the national economic security strategy is integrated and coordinated with the most recent national defense strategy under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code; (G) a plan to encourage the governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States to cooperate with the execu-tion of the national economic security strat-egy, where appropriate; and (H) a plan to encourage certain inter-national and multilateral organizations to support the implementation of the national economic security strategy. (9) An identification of any additional re-sources or statutory authorizations nec-essary to implement the national economic security strategy. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Fi-nance, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘national security strategy’’ means the national security strategy required by sec-tion 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043). 
SA 3169. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 15ll. LOSSES DUE TO EXTREME COLD. 
Amounts made available under the heading ‘‘
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘P
ROCESSING , R ESEARCH AND MONI-
TORING ’’ under the heading ‘‘AGRICUL-TURAL PROGRAMS’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE’’ in title I of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123) for necessary expenses related to the consequences of hur-ricanes and wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017 are authorized to be used for nec-essary expenses related to peach and blue-berry crop losses due to extreme cold occur-ring in calendar year 2017, under such terms and conditions as determined by the Sec-retary. 
SA 3170. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON LISTING OF LIVING NONNATIVE SPECIES AS THREAT-ENED SPECIES OR ENDANGERED SPECIES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.067 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4442 June 26, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 19. PROHIBITION ON LISTING OF LIVING NONNATIVE SPECIES AS THREAT-ENED SPECIES OR ENDANGERED SPECIES. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not list under sec-tion 4(c) any living nonnative species.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. prec. 1531) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 17 the following: ‘‘Sec. 18. Annual cost analysis by the Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘Sec. 19. Prohibition on listing of living nonnative species as threatened species or endangered species.’’. 
SA 3171. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 1104(5), redesignate subpara-graphs (A) through (C) as subparagraphs (B) through (D), respectively. In section 1104(5), insert before subpara-graph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘in ac-cordance with subsection (h),’’ before ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable’’; In section 1104(6), strike ‘‘(h) P
UBLICA -
TIONS .—’’ and insert the following: ‘‘(h) C
ALCULATION OF SEPARATE ACTUAL  C
ROPREVENUE AND AGRICULTURE RISKCOV-
ERAGE GUARANTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of a county Farm Service Agency committee, in coordi-nation with a Farm Service Agency State committee, the Secretary shall consider a 1- time request to calculate a separate actual crop revenue and agriculture risk coverage guarantee for irrigated and nonirrigated cov-ered commodities under subsection (g)(2) in a county if, during the 2014 through 2018 crop years— ‘‘(A) an average of not less than 5 percent of the planted and considered planted acre-age of a covered commodity in the county was irrigated; and ‘‘(B) an average of not less than 5 percent of the planted and considered planted acre-age of the covered commodity in the county was nonirrigated. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF INFORMATION .—In consid-ering a request described in paragraph (1) and calculating a separate actual crop rev-enue and agriculture risk coverage guar-antee for irrigated and nonirrigated covered commodities in a county, the Secretary may use other sources of yield information, in-cluding the yield history of representative farms in the State, region, or crop reporting district, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(i) P
UBLICATIONS .— 
SA 3172. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B URR, and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 91ll. NATIONAL OILHEAT RESEARCH ALLI-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 713 of the Na-tional Oilheat Research Alliance Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 6201 note; Public Law 106–469) is re-pealed. (b) LIMITATIONS ON OBLIGATIONS OF  F
UNDS .—The National Oilheat Research Alli-ance Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 6201 note; Public Law 106–469) is amended by inserting after section 707 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. LIMITATIONS ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In each fiscal year of the covered period, the Alliance may not obli-gate an amount greater than the sum of— ‘‘(1) 75 percent of the amount of assess-ments estimated to be collected under sec-tion 707 in that fiscal year; ‘‘(2) 75 percent of the amount of assess-ments actually collected under section 707 in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit report has been submitted under sec-tion 706(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fis-cal year for which the amount that may be obligated is being determined, less the esti-mate made pursuant to paragraph (1) for that most recent fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) amounts permitted in preceding fiscal years to be obligated pursuant to this sub-section that have not been obligated. ‘‘(b) E
XCESS AMOUNTS DEPOSITED IN ESCROW  A
CCOUNT .—Assessments collected under sec-tion 707 in excess of the amount permitted to be obligated under subsection (a) in a fiscal year shall be deposited in an escrow account for the duration of the covered period. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW  A
CCOUNT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During the covered pe-riod, the Alliance may not obligate, expend, or borrow against amounts required under subsection (b) to be deposited in the escrow account. ‘‘(2) I
NTEREST .—Any interest earned on amounts described in paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(A) deposited in the escrow account; and ‘‘(B) unavailable for obligation for the du-ration of the covered period. ‘‘(d) R
ELEASE OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW AC-
COUNT .—After the expiration of the covered period, the Alliance may withdraw and obli-gate in any fiscal year an amount in the es-crow account that does not exceed 
1⁄5of the amount in the escrow account on the last day of the covered period. ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTIMATES FOR PAR-
TICULAR FISCAL YEARS .— ‘‘(1) R
ULE.—For purposes of subsection (a)(1), the amount of assessments estimated to be collected under section 707 in a fiscal year described in paragraph (2) shall be equal to 62 percent of the amount of assessments actually collected under that section in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit re-port has been submitted under section 706(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amount that may be obli-gated is being determined. ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEARS DESCRIBED .—The fiscal years referred to in paragraph (1) are the 9th and 10th fiscal years that begin on or after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018. ‘‘(f) C
OVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘covered period’ means the pe-riod that begins on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 and ends on the last day of the 11th fiscal year that begins on or after that date of enact-ment.’’. 
SA 3173. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAP-TURE AND UTILIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 19 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 20. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE AND UTILIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), in carrying out any program under this Act under which the Secretary provides a loan or loan guarantee, the Secretary may provide such a loan or loan guarantee to fa-cilities employing commercially dem-onstrated technologies for carbon dioxide capture and utilization.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 3 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 903) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)(2), there are’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
OANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE  
ANDUTILIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 20. ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE APPROPRIATIONS .—The sums appropriated under paragraph (1) shall be separate and distinct from the sums appro-priated under subsection (a).’’. Strike paragraph (1) of section 9103 and in-sert the following: (1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a technology for the capture, compres-sion, or utilization of carbon dioxide that is produced at a biorefinery producing an ad-vanced biofuel, a renewable chemical, or a biobased product.’’; and 
SA 3174. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds that— (1) climate change is adversely impacting the agricultural economy of the United States; and (2) the Government Accountability Office— (A) in a 2017 report, found that— (i) the Federal Government has spent more than $350,000,000,000 during the last decade on disaster assistance programs and losses from flood and crop insurance; and (ii) due to losses from flood and crop insur-ance, climate change is considered a high risk; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.067 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4443 June 26, 2018 
(B) expects the cost to taxpayers described in subparagraph (A)(i) to increase; and (C) recommends that the Federal Govern-ment take the initial step to establish gov-ernment-wide priorities to manage the ad-verse impact of climate change on the agri-cultural economy of the United States. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the senate of the Senate that the Secretary should prioritize efforts to minimize the effects of climate change on— (1) food systems in the United States; (2) the business practices of agricultural producers; and (3) taxpayers. 
SA 3175. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 72ll. STUDY ON NATIONAL BENEFITS OF CARBON SEQUESTRATION PRAC-TICES. 
The Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 is amended by inserting after section 1668 (7 U.S.C. 5921) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1669. STUDY ON NATIONAL BENEFITS OF CARBON SEQUESTRATION PRAC-TICES. 
‘‘(a) S TUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall offer to enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to convene a committee of experts in natural sciences (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Committee’) to conduct a study to quantify the benefits of land-sector car-bon sequestration practices implemented in national forests, grasslands, parks, wetlands, and private voluntary conservation land. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE .—The Committee shall con-vene not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Agriculture and the National Academy of Sciences enter into a contract under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study under subsection (a)(1), the Committee shall submit to the Secretary of Agriculture, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate an expert consensus report that— ‘‘(1) describes current scientific knowledge relating to the benefits of implementing land-sector carbon sequestration across the United States; and ‘‘(2) quantifies, to the maximum extent practicable, the impact of land-sector carbon sequestration on carbon sequestration, net primary productivity, biodiversity, water quantity, and other ecosystem services.’’. 
SA 3176. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 11111, insert the following: SEC. 11112. PROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF POR-TION OF PREMIUM BY CORPORA-TION FOR TOBACCO. 
Section 508(e) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(9) P
ROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF PORTION OF  
PREMIUM BY CORPORATION FOR TOBACCO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning with the 2019 reinsurance year, notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, the Cor-poration shall not pay any portion of the premium for a policy or plan of insurance for tobacco under this subtitle. ‘‘(B) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Any savings real-ized as a result of subparagraph (A) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for Fed-eral budget deficit reduction.’’. 
SA 3177. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-self, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1401, strike subsection (b) and insert the following: (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1401 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (5) through (11), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—The term ‘catastrophic coverage’ means coverage under section 1406(a)(2)(B).’’; (3) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘M
ARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘D
AIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘margin protection pro-gram’’ the first place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the margin protection pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; (4) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘M
ARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘D
AIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘margin protection pro-gram’’ the first place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the margin protection pro-gram pursuant to’’; and (5) in paragraphs (8) and (9) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’. In section 1401(e), strike paragraph (3) and insert the following: (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in each of paragraphs (1), (3), and (4), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—A partici-pating dairy operation may elect to receive catastrophic coverage instead of paying a premium under section 1407.’’; In section 1401(e)(4)(A), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 1401(e)(4), add at the end the fol-lowing: (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The administrative’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—In addition to the administrative fee under subpara-graph (A), a participating dairy operation that elects to receive catastrophic coverage shall pay an additional administrative fee of $100.’’; and In section 1401(g), strike paragraph (3) and insert the following: (3) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘to $4.00’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘$5.50’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘to— ‘‘(A) in the case of catastrophic coverage, $5.00; ‘‘(B) $5.50’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of production subject to premiums under section 1407(b), any amount described in subparagraph (B), $8.50, or $9.00; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2) a percentage’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) a percentage’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so des-ignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘beginning with 25 percent and not exceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘that does not exceed’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) in the case of catastrophic coverage, a coverage level of 40 percent of the production history of the participating dairy oper-ation.’’; and In section 1401(h)(3), strike subparagraph (A) and insert the following: (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; (ii) by striking the rows relating to the $4.00, $4.50, and $5.00 coverage levels; (iii) by striking ‘‘$0.009’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.02’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘$0.016’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.04’’; (v) by striking ‘‘$0.040’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.07’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘$0.063’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.10’’; (vii) by striking ‘‘$0.087’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.12’’; (viii) by striking ‘‘$0.142’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.14’’; and (ix) by adding at the end of the table the following: ‘‘$8.50 $0.16 $9.00 $0.18’’; and In section 1401(h), strike paragraph (4) and insert the following: (4) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking the rows relating to the $4.00, $4.50, and $5.00 coverage levels; (B) by striking ‘‘$0.100’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.144’’; (C) by striking ‘‘$0.155’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.24’’; (D) by striking ‘‘$0.290’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.42’’; (E) by striking ‘‘$0.830’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.08’’; (F) by striking ‘‘$1.060’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.32’’; and (G) by striking ‘‘$1.360’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.68’’; In section 1431(j) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (as amended by section 1413(a)), strike ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and’’ and insert ‘‘$8,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, and $5,000,000 for’’. SA 3178. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.071 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4444 June 26, 2018 
and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 40A. Use of unauthorized unmanned air-crafts over wildfires ‘‘(a) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ has the meaning given the term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note). ‘‘(b) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for any person to operate an unmanned aircraft over a wildfire without authorization from rel-evant Federal agency personnel or any indi-vidual designated by a State or unit of local government to authorize such activity. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (b) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not less than 1 year, or both.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of section for chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 40 the fol-lowing: ‘‘40A. Use of unauthorized unmanned air-crafts over wildfires.’’. 
SA 3179. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43lll. PURCHASES OF LOCALLY PRO-DUCED FOODS UNDER SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM. 
Section 9(j)(3) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(j)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Program, to use’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘Program— ‘‘(A) to use’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) to use ‘locally grown’, ‘locally raised’, or ‘locally caught’ as a product specifica-tion.’’. 
SA 3180. Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. USE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES; DISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES; RE-PORT. 
(a) U SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .—Sec- tion 3(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) USE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .—Ex- cept as provided in section 402(s) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342), the Administrator or a State shall not require a permit under that Act for a dis-charge from a point source into navigable waters of— ‘‘(A) a pesticide authorized for sale, dis-tribution, or use under this Act; or ‘‘(B) the residue of the pesticide, resulting from the application of the pesticide.’’. (b) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .—Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(1) N
O PERMIT REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a permit shall not be required by the Administrator or a State under this Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of— ‘‘(A) a pesticide authorized for sale, dis-tribution, or use under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) the residue of the pesticide, resulting from the application of the pesticide. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following discharges of a pes-ticide or pesticide residue: ‘‘(A) A discharge resulting from the appli-cation of a pesticide in violation of a provi-sion of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) rel-evant to protecting water quality if— ‘‘(i) the discharge would not have occurred without the violation; or ‘‘(ii) the amount of pesticide or pesticide residue in the discharge is greater than would have occurred without the violation. ‘‘(B) Stormwater discharges subject to reg-ulation under subsection (p). ‘‘(C) The following discharges subject to regulation under this section: ‘‘(i) Manufacturing or industrial effluent. ‘‘(ii) Treatment works effluent. ‘‘(iii) Discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including a discharge resulting from ballasting operations or ves-sel biofouling prevention.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary, shall submit a report to the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives that includes— (1) the status of intra-agency coordination between the Office of Water and the Office of Pesticide Programs of the Environmental Protection Agency regarding streamlining information collection, standards of review, and data use relating to water quality im-pacts from the registration and use of pes-ticides; (2) an analysis of the effectiveness of cur-rent regulatory actions relating to pesticide registration and use aimed at protecting water quality; and (3) any recommendations on how the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) can be modified to better protect water quality and human health. 
SA 3181. Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 9107 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9107. RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to purchase and install efficient en-ergy equipment or systems.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘(g)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(f)’’; (3) by striking subsection (f); (4) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (f); and (5) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated), in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SA 3182. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. EXPANSION AND CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING AUTHORITY. 
Section 306F of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 936f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Rural Utilities Service’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and all that follows through the period at the end of subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘rural development mission area.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing a community within any former Indian reservation,’’ before ‘‘with respect to which’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Rural Utilities Service to qualified utilities or ap-plicants’’ and inserting ‘‘rural development mission area to qualified applicants’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Rural Utilities Service to facilitate the construc-tion, acquisition, or improvement of infra-structure’’ and inserting ‘‘rural development mission area’’. 
SA 3183. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. MEDICALLY TAILORED MEALS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an entity that is a partner-ship between a food organization and a health organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.072 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4445 June 26, 2018 
(2) F OOD ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘food organization’’ means— (A) a medically tailored meals organiza-tion; (B) an emergency feeding organization (as defined in section 201A of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7501)); (C) a senior center or other organization that provides meals to older individuals; (D) a farmer’s market; (E) a community-supported agriculture program; (F) an agricultural cooperative; (G) a local public benefit corporation; and (H) a nonprofit organization focused on food insecurity or improving local food sys-tems, such as a food hub or a Meals on Wheels program. (3) H
EALTH ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘health organization’’ means— (A) a Federally-qualified health center (as defined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B))); (B) a hospital or clinic operated by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; (C) a facility operated by the Indian Health Service or the governing body of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); (D) a nonprofit hospital that is— (i) a critical access hospital (as defined in section 1861(mm)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(mm)(1))); (ii) a disproportionate share hospital that receives payments under section 1886(d)(5)(F) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(F)); or (iii) a Medicare-dependent, small rural hos-pital (as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(G)(iv) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(G)(iv))); and (E) a sole community hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(D)(iii) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(D)(iii))). (4) L
OW-INCOME HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘‘low-income household’’ means a house-hold— (A) in which 1 or more individuals are re-ceiving— (i) assistance under a State program fund-ed under part A of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); (ii) supplemental security income pay-ments under title XVI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.); (iii) supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram benefits under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); (iv) assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); (v) free or reduced price school meals under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.); (vi) assistance under the low-income home energy assistance program established under the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq.); or (vii) payments under— (I) section 1315, 1521, 1541, or 1542 of title 38, United States Code; or (II) section 306 of the Veterans’ and Sur-vivors’ Pension Improvement Act of 1978 (38 U.S.C. 1521 note; Public Law 95–588); or (B) that has an income that, as determined by the State in which the household is lo-cated, does not exceed the greater of— (i) an amount equal to 200 percent of the poverty level for that State; and (ii) an amount equal to 80 percent of the median income for that State. (5) M
EDICALLY TAILORED MEALS ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘‘medically tailored meals organization’’ means an entity that has ex-perience providing medically tailored meals and individualized medical nutrition therapy or nutrition counseling to meal recipients, as determined by the Secretary. (6) MEDICALLY TAILORED MEALS PROGRAM .— The term ‘‘medically tailored meals pro-gram’’ means a program under which meals are designed by a registered dietitian or other nutrition professional, as determined by the Secretary, to benefit a low-income in-dividual with a chronic condition. (7) W
ELLNESS .—The term ‘‘wellness’’ means the 8 dimensions of wellness described by the Secretary of Health and Human Services for purposes of the Eight Dimensions of Wellness program administered by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-tration. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with other applicable Federal agen-cies, shall establish a program under which the Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities to conduct pilot projects to dem-onstrate and evaluate the impact of a medi-cally tailored meals program on low-income individuals with 1 or more chronic condi-tions that may be improved by access to a healthy diet. (2) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the program under paragraph (1) for a 5- year period beginning on the date that is 5 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) L
OCATION .—The Secretary shall award grants under paragraph (1) to eligible enti-ties that are located in not less than 10 States. (c) G
RANTS .— (1) A
PPLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b)(1), an eligible en-tity shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary shall require, including the informa-tion described in subparagraph (B). (B) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a description of the methods by which a medically tailored meals program will target low-income individuals with 1 or more chron-ic conditions that may be improved by ac-cess to a healthy diet; (ii) a plan for the screening and enrollment of the individuals targeted under clause (i); (iii) a plan for the evaluation of each indi-vidual that is participating in the medically tailored meals program— (I)(aa) at the time of entrance into the pro-gram, after 3 months of participation in the program, and after 6 months of participation in the program; or (bb) halfway through the duration of the program and at the completion of the pro-gram; and (II) that includes a plan to conduct an as-sessment of— (aa) the health of the individual, includ-ing— (AA) the effect on each identified chronic condition of the individual and on the over-all health of the individual; (BB) the reliance of the individual on medication to control each identified chron-ic condition of the individual; and (CC) the perception of the individual of the overall personal health and wellness of that individual; (bb) any reduction of individual and house-hold food insecurity; (cc) any reduction in overall health care spending and costs, including out-of-pocket costs, in-patient hospitalization, emergency department visits, emergency transport, and spending on medication; (dd) any increased consumption of domes-tic fruits and vegetables; and (ee) any other clinically significant factor, as determined by the Secretary, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (iv) a description of a plan to include edu-cational opportunities relating to nutrition for individuals participating in a medically tailored meals program; (v) a description of the partnership that constitutes the eligible entity and the role of each partner in carrying out a medically tai-lored meals program; (vi) documentation of any necessary part-nership agreements or memoranda of under-standing with a State Medicaid agency or other appropriate entity to evaluate the ef-fectiveness of a medically tailored meals program in reducing health care use and as-sociated costs; and (vii) a description of the methodology for the collection and aggregation of data under subsection (d)(1) to analyze the benefit of a medically tailored meals program on individ-uals participating in that program. (C) SUBMISSION DEADLINE .—The Secretary shall not accept an application under sub-paragraph (A) that is submitted less than 1 year before the date on which the program terminates under subsection (b)(2). (2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity submitting an ap-plication under paragraph (1) that— (A) is a nonprofit organization that has de-monstrable experience, as determined by the Secretary, in— (i) providing medically tailored meals to individuals; (ii) reducing individual and household food insecurity; or (iii) providing low-income individuals with access to health care; (B) is located in a State that has one of the 5 oldest populations, as measured by median age; (C) is located in a State that has an agree-ment with the Federal Government that con-tains targets for health outcomes and qual-ity of care that include prioritization of chronic conditions; or (D) has demonstrated support for the de-velopment of local or regional agriculture and food systems, as determined by the Sec-retary. (3) G
RANT DURATION .—A grant awarded under this section shall be for a period of not less than 2 years. (d) P
ILOT PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity con-ducting a pilot project under a grant award-ed under subsection (b)(1) shall measure and evaluate the impact of the pilot project on the factors described in items (aa) through (ee) of subsection (c)(1)(B)(iii)(II). (2) I
NDIVIDUAL PARTICIPATION .—An eligible entity conducting a pilot project under a grant awarded under subsection (b)(1) shall ensure that an individual participating in the pilot project is enrolled and active in the pilot project for not less than 1 year. (e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds under subsection (g), the Secretary may use not more than $1,000,000 to provide technical assistance to eligible entities awarded grants under subsection (b)(1). (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the termination of the program under sub-section (b)(2), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report that contains the recommendations of the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Human Services— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.072 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4446 June 26, 2018 
(1) on the advisability and feasibility of the continuation or expansion of that program; and (2) that are based on the impact of the pro-gram on the factors described in items (aa) through (ee) of subsection (c)(1)(B)(iii)(II). (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
SA 3184. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12520. NATIONAL ECONOMIC SECURITY STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the national security of the United States depends in large part on a vibrant, growing, and secure United States economy; (2) the United States confronts more inter-national economic competition and threats today than at any time in the Nation’s his-tory; (3) a failure of the United States to com-pete economically will undermine the pros-perity and security of the people of the United States; (4) the United States is stronger when the national security strategy integrates eco-nomic tools in the service of foreign policy objectives; (5) it is in the national security and eco-nomic interests of the United States— (A) to promote free, fair, and reciprocal economic relationships between the United States and foreign individuals and entities; (B) to promote and protect the United States innovation base, including the defense industrial base; (C) to ensure that the United States leads in research, technology, and innovation; (D) to counter anticompetitive economic behavior, policies, and strategies by foreign individuals and entities; (E) to promote environmental stewardship; and (F) to ensure workers and families in the United States have the opportunity to thrive with competitive wages and are not unfairly disadvantaged; (6) the Federal Government has a limited, but important, role in facilitating the ability of the United States to compete successfully in the international economic competition described in paragraph (2); and (7) the Federal Government should periodi-cally produce a national economic security strategy— (A) to ensure Federal policies, statutes, regulations, procedures, data gathering, and assessment practices are optimally designed and implemented to facilitate the competi-tiveness, prosperity, and security of the United States; and (B) maximally advance economic oppor-tunity for present and future generations of United States citizens. (b) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port setting forth a national economic secu-rity strategy of the United States to support the national security strategy for 2017. (2) SUBSEQUENT STRATEGIES .—Beginning in 2021, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a na-tional economic security strategy— (A) in any year in which a new President is inaugurated, not later than October 1 of that year; and (B) in any other year, not later than 90 days after the transmission to Congress in that year of the national security strategy. (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall set forth a national eco-nomic security strategy of the United States and shall, at a minimum, include the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of the global competi-tive position of key United States economic sectors, including strengths, weaknesses, op-portunities, and threats. (2) An assessment of the national debt and its implications for the economic and na-tional security of the United States. (3) A description and discussion of the prioritized economic security interests and objectives of the United States, including key economic sectors vital to economic secu-rity of the United States. (4) A description of the leading threats, challenges, and opportunities associated with the interests and objectives described in paragraph (3), including— (A) an assessment of the severity and like-lihood of the threats, both foreign and do-mestic, and an explicit linking of each such threat to a national interest or objective; (B) an assessment of the nature of the challenges and how each challenge will evolve if left unaddressed; and (C) an assessment of the opportunities and associated potential benefits to United States interests or objectives. (5) An overview of the public and private sector tools necessary to address or mini-mize the leading threats and challenges de-scribed in paragraph (4) and to take advan-tage of the leading opportunities described in that paragraph. (6) An assessment of whether the United States Government or private sector pos-sesses those tools. (7) For each such threat, challenge, or op-portunity that the United States Govern-ment or private sector lack sufficient tools to address, minimize, or take advantage of, a detailed plan to develop, improve, or foster those tools. (8) A plan to utilize available tools to ad-dress or minimize the leading threats and challenges and to take advantage of the lead-ing opportunities, including— (A) a discussion of the optimal allocation of finite resources and an identification of the risks associated with that allocation; (B) specific objectives, tasks, metrics, and milestones for each relevant Federal agency; (C) specific plans to eliminate obstacles for the private sector in areas supportive of the national economic security strategy and to maximize the prudent use of public-private partnerships; (D) specific plans to eliminate obstacles to strengthening United States energy security, sustainability, and resilience in areas sup-portive of the national economic security strategy, including energy diversity and sus-tainable management and use of energy re-sources; (E) specific plans to promote environ-mental stewardship and fair competition for United States workers; (F) a description of— (i) how the national economic security strategy supports the national security strategy; and (ii) how the national economic security strategy is integrated and coordinated with the most recent national defense strategy under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code; (G) a plan to encourage the governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States to cooperate with the execu-tion of the national economic security strat-egy, where appropriate; and (H) a plan to encourage certain inter-national and multilateral organizations to support the implementation of the national economic security strategy. (9) An identification of any additional re-sources or statutory authorizations nec-essary to implement the national economic security strategy. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Fi-nance, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘national security strategy’’ means the national security strategy required by sec-tion 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043). 
SA 3185. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REGULATORY RELIEF FOR BANKS DUR-ING DISASTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘depository institution’’ and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). (b) R
EQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which a designated point of contact within the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation receives notice from the President or the Governor of a State that the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or the Governor has de-clared a state of disaster for all or part of that State, as applicable, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation shall issue guid-ance to depository institutions located in the area for which the President declared the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.072 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4447 June 26, 2018 
major disaster or the Governor declared a state of disaster, as applicable, for reducing regulatory burdens for borrowers and com-munities in order to facilitate recovery from the disaster. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall include instructions from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation consistent with existing flexibility for a major disaster declared under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170). (c) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration shall jointly issue guidance for depository institutions affected by a state of disaster that is comparable to the guidance issued by those entities in De-cember 2017 entitled ‘‘Interagency Super-visory Examiner Guidance for Institutions Affected by a Major Disaster’’. 
SA 3186. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1501, strike ‘‘(c) T REE ASSIST -
ANCE PROGRAM .—’’ and insert the following: (c) E
MERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR LIVESTOCK , H
ONEY BEES, AND FARM-RAISED FISH.—Sec- tion 1501(d)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(d)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including inspections of cattle tick fever’’ before the period at the end. (d) T
REEASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— 
SA 3187. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. RENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCE LAND USE DESIGNATION FOR TONGASS NATIONAL FOREST. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
SSOCIATED FACILITY .—The term ‘‘asso-ciated facility’’ means any facility or cor-ridor needed to access, develop, construct, or maintain renewable a renewable energy re-source project. (2) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCE .—The term ‘‘renewable energy resource’’ means public or private hydropower, geothermal, wind, hydrokinetic, solar, wave, or biomass. (b) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCE LAND U
SEDESIGNATION .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend the land and resource management plan for the Tongass National Forest to include a renewable energy re-source land use designation to allow for the planning, design, permitting, and develop-ment of renewable energy resource projects, plans of operations, and associated facilities. (c) A
PPLICATION OF THE RENEWABLE ENERGY  R
ESOURCE LAND USEDESIGNATION .—The re- newable energy resource land use designa-tion included in the land and resource man-agement plan for the Tongass National For-est under subsection (b) shall— (1) function as an overlay; and (2) take precedence over any underlying land use designation, subject to applicable law, regardless of whether the area is identi-fied as an avoidance area in the land and re-source management plan for the Tongass Na-tional Forest. SA 3188. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 84lll. STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CON-TRACTING PROJECTS. 
Section 604(d)(3)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘ex-ceed 10 years.’’ and inserting the following ‘‘exceed— ‘‘(1) in the case of a project carried out in Forest Service Region 10, 20 years; and ‘‘(2) in the case of a project carried out in any other region of the Forest Service, 10 years.’’. 
SA 3189. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 84lll. MAXIMUM TERM OF CONTRACT FOR STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING PROJECTS. 
Section 604(d)(3)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’. 
SA 3190. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 366, strike lines 5 through 14 and insert the following: ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $45,000,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2020, $48,000,000; ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2021, $49,000,000; ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2022, $50,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2023, $50,000,000; and’’; and 
SA 3191. Mr. DONNELLY (for him-self, Ms. S
MITH, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 6105, insert the following: SEC. 6106. FUNDING FOR RURAL-SERVING COM-MUNITY COLLEGES; DEPOSIT IN RURAL FACILITIES ACCOUNT. 
(a) F UNDING FOR RURAL -SERVING COMMU -
NITY COLLEGES .—Section 306(a) of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(28) R
URAL -SERVING COMMUNITY COL -
LEGES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF RURAL -SERVING COMMU -
NITY COLLEGE .—In this paragraph, the term ‘rural-serving community college’ means a community college (as defined in section 1473E(a) of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319e(a))) that— ‘‘(i)(I) predominantly serves a rural area or is located in a rural area; but ‘‘(II) is not located in a town with a popu-lation greater than 50,000; and ‘‘(ii) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion for a loan, loan guarantee, or grant under this paragraph at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(B) L
OANS , LOAN GUARANTEES , AND 
GRANTS .—The Secretary may provide loans, loan guarantees, and grants to rural-serving community colleges in accordance with the purposes of paragraphs (1), (19), (20), and (21). ‘‘(C) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this paragraph $10,000,000 for each fiscal year.’’. (b) D
EPOSIT IN RURAL FACILITIES AC-
COUNT .—Section 381E(d)(1) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009d(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) loans, loan guarantees, and grants to rural-serving community colleges under sec-tion 306(a)(28).’’. 
SA 3192. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1601(1)(B), strike clause (iv) and insert the following: (iv) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated)— (I) by striking ‘‘This paragraph’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), this paragraph’’; (II) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘and Nebraska’’ and inserting ‘‘Ne-braska, California, Illinois, and New Mex-ico’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in clause (i) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’; In section 11114, strike paragraph (4) and insert the following: (4) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘This subsection’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), this subsection’’; (B) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘and Nebraska’’ and inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.073 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4448 June 26, 2018 
‘‘Nebraska, California, Illinois, and New Mexico’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in subparagraph (A) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’. 
SA 3193. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 11114, strike paragraph (4) and insert the following: (4) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘This subsection’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), this subsection’’; (B) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘and Nebraska’’ and inserting ‘‘Nebraska, Illinois, California, and New Mexico’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in subparagraph (A) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’. 
SA 3194. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1601(1)(B), strike clause (iv) and insert the following: (iv) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated)— (I) by striking ‘‘This paragraph’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), this paragraph’’; (II) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘and Nebraska’’ and inserting ‘‘Ne-braska, Illinois, California, and New Mex-ico’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in clause (i) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’; 
SA 3195. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12519. SELF-DETERMINATION DEMONSTRA-TION PROJECT WITH DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. 
Title I of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 112. SELF-DETERMINATION DEMONSTRA-TION PROJECT WITH DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DJACENT LAND .—The term ‘adjacent land’, when used with respect to an Indian tribe, means National Forest System land that is— ‘‘(A) under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(B) bordering or adjacent to the Indian forest land or rangeland under the jurisdic-tion of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED ACTIVITY .—The term ‘covered activity’ means an activity authorized under section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) on adja-cent land that— ‘‘(A) addresses— ‘‘(i) fire, disease, or any other threat to the Indian forest land or rangeland under the ju-risdiction of the Indian tribe; or ‘‘(ii) land restoration that will benefit the Indian forest land or rangeland; and ‘‘(B) complies with the applicable land management plan prepared pursuant to sec-tion 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renew-able Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an Indian tribe that can dem-onstrate a history of success in managing forest activities, including forestry activi-ties carried out through contracts or self- governance compacts under this Act. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND .—The term ‘National Forest System land’ has the meaning given the term ‘Federal land’ in section 2(a)(1)(A) of the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(a)(1)(A)). ‘‘(5) I
NDIAN FOREST LAND OR RANGELAND .— The term ‘Indian forest land or rangeland’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(a)(2) of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(a)(2)). ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(b) USDA F
ORESTRY SELF-DETERMINATION  D
EMONSTRATION PROJECT AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall carry out a demonstration project, to be known as the ‘USDA Forestry Self-Determination Demonstration Project’, through which the Secretary shall enter into not more than 10 self-determination con-tracts with eligible entities to plan, conduct, and administer 1 or more covered activities in accordance with this section. ‘‘(c) S
ELF-DETERMINATION CONTRACT .—A self-determination contract entered into under subsection (b) shall have the same terms and conditions, and be subject to the same procedures, regulations, and require-ments, as a self-determination contract en-tered into under section 102, except that— ‘‘(1) the Secretary and the Department of Agriculture shall be the appropriate Sec-retary and agency for purposes of a self-de-termination contract under this section; ‘‘(2) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop a procedure, in consultation with Indian tribes, for Indian tribes to sub-mit proposals for participation in the dem-onstration project; ‘‘(3) to the extent that a self-determination contract is requested regarding a covered ac-tivity that is similar to functions already carried out by a tribal organization under a self-determination contract with the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 102, the Secretary of Agriculture shall structure the self-determination contract under this sec-tion to complement, to the extent prac-ticable, the self-determination contract en-tered into under section 102; and ‘‘(4) the Secretary, in consultation with the eligible entity, may waive any provision of this title (except for any provision of this section)— ‘‘(A) upon the request of the eligible entity in accordance with this Act; or ‘‘(B) that the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(d) ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING EN -
VIRONMENTAL LAWS .—This section shall be construed, in the same manner as the Tribal Forest Protection Act is construed, to not alter or abridge the application of any of the following: ‘‘(A) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(B) The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). ‘‘(C) The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). ‘‘(D) Any other applicable Federal environ-mental law. ‘‘(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL ANALYSES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to allow the Secretary or an eligible entity to waive completion of any necessary environmental analysis under the Tribal Forest Protection Act (25 U.S.C. 3115a) or other applicable Fed-eral law. ‘‘(3) R
ETENTION OF NEPA RESPONSIBILITIES .— The Secretary shall make any decision re-quired to be made under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Tribal Forest Protection Act (25 U.S.C. 3115a) with respect to any covered activity to be carried out on National Forest System land under this section. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE  
PROCEDURE ACT .—Nothing in this section shall alter or abridge the application of sub-chapter II of chapter 5, or chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code with respect to this section. ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Office of Self-Governance of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs shall provide technical assistance re-garding the self-determination contracts au-thorized under this section to the Secretary, and to Indian tribes and tribal organizations who request such assistance. ‘‘(f) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIREMENTS .—In ad- dition to the criteria described in subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of section 102(a)(2) and the authority under subsection (c)(4), the Secretary shall consider the selection criteria described in section 2(c) of the Trib-al Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(c)) and the evaluation factors found in section 2(e) of that Act in considering a re-quest to enter into a self-determination con-tract under this section. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS .—Any self-determination contract entered into under this section, and the covered activities to be carried out under such contract, shall— ‘‘(1) not affect the title to or status of Na-tional Forest System land; ‘‘(2) be carried out in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.), and other laws (including regulations) generally applicable to the National Forest System; and ‘‘(3) not take place in a wilderness area, wilderness study area, inventoried roadless area, or National Forest System land on which the removal of vegetation is restricted or prohibited. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—To pro- vide sufficient support for the USDA For-estry Self-Determination Demonstration Project, the authority provided under sub-section (b) shall terminate 5 years after the date on which the Secretary enters into the first self-determination contract under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.074 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4449 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(i) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the termination described in subsection (h), the Secretary shall submit a report on the implementation of the USDA Forestry Self- Determination Demonstration Project to the following: ‘‘(1) The Committee on Agriculture of the Senate. ‘‘(2) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(3) The Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(4) The Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 3196. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. MIGRATORY BIRD TREATY ACT AMENDMENT. 
Section 2 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR BLACK VULTURES .— Subsection (a) shall not apply to any black vulture (Coragyps atratus) that an indi-vidual reasonably believes to be endangering any real or personal property, including— ‘‘(1) livestock; ‘‘(2) a vehicle; and ‘‘(3) a building.’’. 
SA 3197. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ELECTRONIC FILING AND APPEALS SYSTEM FOR H-2A PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall es-tablish a process for filing petitions for non-immigrant visas under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a)) that ensures that— (1) petitioners may file such petitions through the website of United States Citi-zenship and Immigration Services; (2) any software developed to process such petitions indicates to the petitioner any technical deficiency in the application before submission; and (3) any petitioner may file such petition in a paper format if such petitioner prefers such format. (b) R
EQUEST FOR EVIDENCE .—Section 218(h) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) If U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services issues a Request for Evidence to an employer— ‘‘(A) the employer may request such Re-quest for Evidence to be delivered in an on-line format; and ‘‘(B) if the employer makes the request de-scribed in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the Request for Evidence shall be pro-vided to the employer in an online format; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 10 business days after the employer submits the requested evidence online, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall provide an online response to the employer— ‘‘(I) indicating that the submitted evidence is sufficient; or ‘‘(II) explaining the reasons that such evi-dence is not sufficient and providing the em-ployer with an opportunity to address any such deficiency.’’. SEC. lll. H–2A PROGRAM UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, labor as a year-round equine work-er, labor as a year-round livestock worker (including as a dairy or poultry worker)’’ be-fore ‘‘, and the pressing of apples’’. (b) J
OINT APPLICATION ; DEFICIENCY REM-
EDY.—Section 214(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Multiple employers may submit a joint petition under subparagraph (A) to im-port aliens as nonimmigrants described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a). Upon the approval of such petition, each joint employer shall be subject to the provisions under section 218 with respect to each alien listed in such peti-tion. If any individual party to such a joint contract violates any condition for approval with respect to the application or provisions under section 218 with respect to each alien listed in such petition, after notice and op-portunity for a hearing, the contract may be modified to remove the party in violation from the contract at no penalty to the re-maining parties. ‘‘(C) If a petition to import aliens as non-immigrants described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) is denied or if the issuance of visas requested through such petition is delayed due to a problem with the petition, the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services shall promptly notify the petitioner of the reasons for such denial or delay and provide the petitioner with reason-able time to remedy the problem. ‘‘(D) The period of authorized admission for a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) under this paragraph may not exceed the shorter of— ‘‘(i) the period for which a petitioner under this paragraph has contracted to employ the nonimmigrant; or ‘‘(ii) three years.’’. (c) L
ABOR CERTIFICATION ; STAGGERED EM-
PLOYMENT DATES .—Section 218(h) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188(h)), as amended by section llll(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) An employer that is seeking to rehire aliens as H–2A workers who previously worked for the employer as H–2A workers may submit a simplified petition, to be de-veloped by the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, which shall in-clude a certification that the employer maintains compliance with all applicable re-quirements with respect to the employment of such aliens. Such petitions shall be ap-proved upon completion of applicable secu-rity screenings. ‘‘(5) An employer that is seeking to hire aliens as H–2A workers during different time periods in a given fiscal year may submit a single petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services that details the time period during which each such alien is expected to be employed. ‘‘(6) Upon receiving notification from an employer that the employer’s H-2A worker has prematurely abandoned employment or has failed to appear for employment and such employer wishes to replace such work-er— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of State shall promptly issue a visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) to an eligible alien designated by the em-ployer to replace that worker; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Homeland Security shall promptly admit such alien into the United States upon completion of applicable security screenings.’’. (d) SATISFACTION OF HOUSING REQUIRE -
MENTS BY VOUCHER .—Section 218(c)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188(c)(4)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding the first pro-viso— (A) by inserting ‘‘or a voucher for housing’’ after ‘‘furnish housing’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or to secure’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, to secure’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘, or to provide a voucher to be used by workers in securing such hous-ing’’ before the semicolon; (2) in the fourth proviso, by inserting ‘‘or a voucher for family housing’’ after ‘‘family housing’’ the second place it appears; and (3) in the fifth proviso— (A) by inserting ‘‘or housing vouchers’’ after ‘‘secure housing’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or housing voucher’’ after ‘‘whether the housing’’. 
SA 3198. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11618. SECURE AND FAIR BANKING EN-FORCEMENT. 
(a) S AFEHARBOR FOR DEPOSITORY INSTITU -
TIONS .—A Federal banking regulator may not— (1) terminate or limit the deposit insur-ance or share insurance of a depository insti-tution under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) or the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) sole-ly because the depository institution pro-vides or has provided financial services to a hemp-related legitimate business; (2) prohibit, penalize, or otherwise discour-age a depository institution from providing financial services to a hemp-related legiti-mate business or to a State or Indian tribe that exercises jurisdiction over hemp-related legitimate businesses; (3) recommend, incentivize, or encourage a depository institution not to offer financial services to the owner, operator, or an indi-vidual that is an account holder of a hemp- related legitimate business, or downgrade or cancel financial services offered to an ac-count holder of a hemp-related legitimate business solely because— (A) the account holder later becomes a hemp-related legitimate business; or (B) the depository institution was not aware that the account holder is the owner or operator of a hemp-related legitimate business; and (4) take any adverse or corrective super-visory action on a loan to an owner or oper-ator of— (A) a hemp-related legitimate business solely because the business owner or oper-ator is a hemp-related business without ex-press statutory authority, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.074 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4450 June 26, 2018 
(B) real estate or equipment that is leased or sold to a hemp-related legitimate business solely because the owner or operator of the real estate or equipment leased or sold the equipment or real estate to a hemp-related legitimate business. (b) P
ROTECTIONS UNDER FEDERAL LAW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In a State, political sub-division of a State, or Indian country that allows the cultivation, production, manufac-turing, transportation, display, dispensing, distribution, sale, or purchase of hemp pur-suant to a law (including regulations) of the State, political subdivision of the State, or the Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the Indian country, as applicable, a deposi-tory institution and the officers, director, and employees of the depository institution that provides financial services to a hemp- related legitimate business may not be held liable pursuant to any Federal law (including regulations)— (A) solely for providing the financial serv-ices pursuant to the law (including regula-tions) of the State, political subdivision of the State, or Indian tribe; or (B) for further investing any income de-rived from the financial services. (2) F
ORFEITURE .—A depository institution that has a legal interest in the collateral for a loan made to an owner or operator of a hemp-related legitimate business, or to an owner or operator of real estate or equip-ment that is leased or sold to a hemp-related legitimate business, shall not be subject to criminal, civil, or administrative forfeiture of that legal interest pursuant to any Fed-eral law for providing the loan or other fi-nancial services solely because the collateral is owned by a hemp-related business. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall require a depository insti-tution to provide financial services to a hemp-related legitimate business. (d) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR FILING SUSPICIOUS  A
CTIVITY REPORTS .—Section 5318(g) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR HEMP -RELATED  
BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘financial service’ means a fi-nancial product or service, as defined in sec-tion 1002 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5481); ‘‘(ii) the term ‘hemp’ has the meaning given the term in section 10111 of the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018; ‘‘(iii) the term ‘hemp-related legitimate business’ has the meaning given the term in section 11618(e) of the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018; ‘‘(iv) the term ‘Indian country’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18; and ‘‘(v) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 102 of the Fed-erally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING OF SUSPICIOUS TRANS -
ACTIONS .—A financial institution or any di-rector, officer, employee, or agent of a finan-cial institution that reports a suspicious ac-tivity related to a transaction by a hemp-re-lated legitimate business shall comply with appropriate guidance issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. The Secretary shall ensure that the guidance is consistent with the purpose and intent of this para-graph and does not inhibit the provision of financial services to a hemp-related legiti-mate business in a State, political subdivi-sion of a State, or Indian country that has allowed the cultivation, production, manu-facturing, transportation, display, dis-pensing, distribution, sale, or purchase of hemp, or any other conduct relating to hemp, pursuant to law or regulation of the State, the political subdivision of the State, or Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the Indian country.’’. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMPANY .—The term ‘‘company’’ means a partnership, corporation, association, (in-corporated or unincorporated), trust, estate, cooperative organization, State, or any other entity. (2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution as defined in section 3(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(c)); (B) a Federal credit union as defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752); or (C) a State credit union as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). (3) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR .—The term ‘‘Federal banking regulator’’ means each of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System, the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Na-tional Credit Union Administration, or any Federal agency or department that regulates banking or financial services, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. (4) F
INANCIAL SERVICE .—The term ‘‘finan-cial service’’ means a financial product or service, as defined in section 1002 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5481). (5) H
EMP.—The term ‘‘hemp’’ has the meaning given the term in section 10111. (6) H
EMP PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘hemp prod-uct’’ means any article which contains hemp, including an article which is a con-centrate, an edible, a tincture, a hemp-in-fused product, or a topical. (7) H
EMP-RELATED LEGITIMATE BUSINESS .— The term ‘‘hemp-related legitimate busi-ness’’ means a manufacturer, producer, or any person or company that— (A) engages in any activity described in subparagraph (B) pursuant to a law estab-lished by a State or a political subdivision of a State; and (B)(i) participates in any business or orga-nized activity that involves handling hemp or hemp products, including cultivating, pro-ducing, manufacturing, selling, transporting, displaying, dispensing, distributing, or pur-chasing hemp or hemp products; or (ii) provides— (I) any financial service, including retire-ment plans or exchange traded funds, relat-ing to hemp; or (II) any business services, including the sale or lease of real or any other property, legal or other licensed services, or any other ancillary service, relating to hemp. (8) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘Indian country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. (9) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). (10) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means a person or company who man-ufactures, compounds, converts, processes, prepares, or packages hemp or hemp prod-ucts. (11) P
RODUCER .—The term ‘‘producer’’ means a person or company who plants, cul-tivates, harvests, or in any way facilitates the natural growth of hemp. (12) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, Puerto Rico, any territory or possession of the United States. SA 3199. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ORAN , and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST FOR BENEFIT OF UNPAID CASH SELLERS OF LIVESTOCK. 
Title III of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 318. STATUTORY TRUST ESTABLISHED; DEALER. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF CASHSALE.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘cash sale’ means a sale in which the seller does not expressly extend credit to the buyer. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), all livestock pur-chased by a dealer in cash sales and all in-ventories of, or receivables or proceeds from, that livestock shall be held by the dealer in trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sellers of that livestock until full payment has been received by those unpaid cash sellers. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—This section shall not apply to a dealer the amount of average an-nual purchases of livestock of which does not exceed $250,000. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A dealer and a cash sell-er may voluntarily waive the applicability of this section to the dealer and cash seller through a written agreement described in subparagraph (B) that is signed before any sale to which the written agreement applies takes place. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .—A written agreement referred to in subparagraph (A) shall indicate whether the written agree-ment applies to— ‘‘(i) 1 sale; ‘‘(ii) all sales before a specific date; or ‘‘(iii) all sales until the dealer or cash sell-er terminates the agreement in writing. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT ON PAYMENT TERMS .—A waiver under subparagraph (A) shall not affect the payment terms of the sale. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF DISHONORED INSTRUMENTS .— For purposes of determining full payment under paragraph (1), a payment to an unpaid cash seller shall not be considered to have been made if the unpaid cash seller receives a payment instrument that is dishonored. ‘‘(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—If a dealer fails to per-form the duties required by subsection (b), the Secretary shall take such action as is necessary— ‘‘(1) to enforce the trust, including by ap-pointing an independent trustee; and ‘‘(2) to preserve the assets of the trust. ‘‘(d) P
RESERVATION OF TRUST .—An unpaid cash seller shall lose the benefit of a trust under subsection (b) if the unpaid cash seller has not preserved the trust by— ‘‘(1) providing a written notice to the ap-plicable dealer of the intent of the unpaid cash seller to preserve the benefits of the trust; and ‘‘(2) filing that notice with the Secretary— ‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the final date for making a payment under section 409 in the event that a payment instrument has not been received; or ‘‘(B) not later than 15 business days after the date on which the seller receives notice that the payment instrument promptly pre-sented for payment has been dishonored. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.080 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4451 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(e) N OTICE TO LIENHOLDERS .—Not later than 15 business days after the date on which a dealer receives notice under subsection (d)(1) with respect to a trust, the dealer shall give notice of the intent of the unpaid cash seller to preserve the benefits of the trust to all persons who have recorded a security in-terest in, or lien on, the livestock held in that trust. ‘‘(f) P
URCHASE OF LIVESTOCK SUBJECT TO  T
RUST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1324 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1631), a buyer in the ordinary course that purchases livestock that is held in trust by a dealer under subsection (b), including from a dealer that engages in farming operations, shall receive good title to the livestock free of the dealer trust— ‘‘(A) if the buyer receives the livestock in exchange for payment of new value; and ‘‘(B) without regard to whether— ‘‘(i) the dealer trust has been preserved in accordance with this section; or ‘‘(ii) the buyer knows of the existence of the dealer trust. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT .—Payment shall not be con-sidered to have been made under paragraph (1)(A) if a payment instrument given in ex-change for the livestock is dishonored. ‘‘(g) T
RANSFER OF LIVESTOCK SUBJECT TO  T
RUST .—A transfer of livestock that is held in trust by a dealer under subsection (b) shall not be considered to be for new value under subsection (f)(1)(A) if the transfer is— ‘‘(1) in satisfaction of an antecedent debt; or ‘‘(2) to a secured party pursuant to a secu-rity agreement.’’. 
SA 3200. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 250, strike lines 12 through 19 and insert the following: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to any other amounts provided under this section, 
SA 3201. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) (as amended by section 4108) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) P
ILOT PROJECTS TO ENCOURAGE THE  U
SE OF PUBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS COM-
MITTED TO ADDRESSING FOODINSECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On an application of an eligible entity, the Secretary may permit not more than 10 eligible entities to carry out pilot projects to support public-private partnerships that address food insecurity and poverty. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, an eligible entity referred to in paragraph (1) is— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) a unit of local government; ‘‘(C) a nonprofit organization; ‘‘(D) a community-based organization; or ‘‘(E) an institution of higher education. ‘‘(3) PROJECT REQUIREMENTS .—A project ap-proved under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be for a period of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(B) evaluate the ability of the eligible en-tity to— ‘‘(i) improve the effectiveness and impact of the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) develop food security solutions that are contextualized to the needs of a commu-nity or region; and ‘‘(iii) strengthen the capacity of commu-nities to address food insecurity and poverty. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORT BY ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Not less frequently than annually, an eligible en-tity carrying out a pilot project under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary a report on the pilot project of the eligible en-tity. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY .—Not less fre-quently than annually, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report on the pilot projects carried out under this subsection, including— ‘‘(i) a summary of the activities conducted under the pilot projects; ‘‘(ii) an assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot projects; and ‘‘(iii) best practices regarding the use of public-private partnerships to improve the effectiveness of public benefit programs to address food insecurity and poverty. ‘‘(5) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $5,000,000, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this sub-section shall be available to carry out this subsection.’’. 
SA 3202. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. 61ll. ELIGIBILITY FOR COMMERCIAL FISH-ING. 
Section 343(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘in, fish farming’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘in— ‘‘(A) fish farming; and ‘‘(B) in the case of assistance under sub-title B, commercial fishing’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘in-cludes— ‘‘(A) fish farming; and ‘‘(B) in the case of assistance under sub-title B, commercial fishing.’’. 
SA 3203. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. DOMESTIC FISH REQUIRED FOR NA-TIONAL SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM. 
Section 12(n)(1) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1760(n)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) when used in the context of a fish or fish product, a fish or fish product that sub-stantially contains— ‘‘(i) fish (including tuna) harvested with-in— ‘‘(I) a State; ‘‘(II) the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(III) the Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States, as described in Presidential Proclamation 5030 (48 Fed. Reg. 10605; March 10, 1983); or ‘‘(ii) tuna harvested by a United States flagged vessel.’’. 
SA 3204. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 43ll. WAIVER TO PURCHASE FOREIGN COMMODITIES OR PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12(n) of the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1760(n)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
OMESTIC COMMODITY OR PRODUCT .— The’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN COMMODITY OR PRODUCT .—The term ‘foreign commodity or product’ means an agricultural commodity or food product other than a domestic commodity or prod-uct.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(i) W
AIVER REQUEST .—Except as provided in clause (ii), to purchase a foreign com-modity or product, a school food authority shall request from the Secretary a waiver of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—A school food authority may purchase a foreign commodity or prod-uct without a waiver under clause (i) if the foreign commodity or product is— ‘‘(I) produced domestically; or ‘‘(II) available domestically. ‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall not grant a waiver to purchase a foreign commodity or product under clause (i) un-less— ‘‘(I) as determined by the Secretary, the commodity or product— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.080 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4452 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(aa) is not produced domestically in a suf-ficient quantity or of a satisfactory quality; and ‘‘(bb) if purchased domestically, would be significantly higher in price than a foreign commodity or product; and ‘‘(II) the school food authority requesting the waiver agrees— ‘‘(aa) to make the waiver publicly avail-able on the website of the school food au-thority; and ‘‘(bb) to email a notification of the waiver to parents or guardians of students who will be served the foreign commodity or product purchased pursuant to the waiver.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 12(n) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1760(n)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Para-graph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subparagraphs (A) and (C) of paragraph (2)’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Para-graph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subparagraphs (A) and (C) of paragraph (2)’’. 
SA 3205. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 72lll. ALGAE RESEARCH INITIATIVE. 
Subtitle H of title XVI of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 is amended by inserting after section 1680 (7 U.S.C. 5933) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1681. ALGAE RESEARCH INITIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall establish an algae research initiative under which the Secretary may make competitive grants to research institu-tions— ‘‘(1) to develop and test new agriculture-re-lated uses of algae, including— ‘‘(A) the development and testing of alter-native feeds and feed ingredients; and ‘‘(B) the application of algae in animal health and immune stimulants; ‘‘(2) to evaluate the economic opportuni-ties from new algae feedstocks or food prod-ucts— ‘‘(A) through production on marginal or unproductive land, industrial systems, or coastal or open seawater; and ‘‘(B) that significantly increase the yield of food, feed, or other products from existing agricultural land; ‘‘(3) to determine the potential of algae protein production, including an analysis of— ‘‘(A) current production trends, demand, and technology needs; ‘‘(B) the physical and economic feasibility of the United States growing algae for appli-cation in animal health and immune stimu-lants (including microalgae and macroalgae); and ‘‘(C) the nutritional profile and benefits of algae as a protein source; ‘‘(4) to determine the benefits of the onfield application of algae biomass (includ-ing microalgae and macroalgae) or algae-de-rived components; and ‘‘(5) to evaluate ways in which to improve the use of algae in energy programs of the Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the research conducted through the initiative established under sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $10,000,000.’’. 
SA 3206. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. EXPEDITED REVIEW OF PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to expedite wildfire prevention projects to reduce the risk of wildfire on certain high- risk Federal land adjacent to communities, private property, and critical infrastructure; (2) to improve forest and wildland health; and (3) to promote the recovery of threatened or endangered species or other species under consideration to be listed under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), including the sage-grouse species, the habitat of which is negatively impacted by wildland fire. (b) E
XPEDITED REVIEW .—Section 104 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6514) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (h) as subsections (f) through (i), re-spectively; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN  P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An authorized hazardous fuel reduction project shall be categorically excluded from the requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) if the project— ‘‘(A) involves the removal of— ‘‘(i) insect-infected trees; ‘‘(ii) dead or dying trees; ‘‘(iii) trees presenting a threat to public safety; or ‘‘(iv) other hazardous fuels threatening— ‘‘(I) utility or communications infrastruc-ture; ‘‘(II) municipal water supply systems; ‘‘(III) campgrounds; ‘‘(IV) roadsides; ‘‘(V) schools; or ‘‘(VI) other infrastructure; ‘‘(B) is conducted on Federal land that— ‘‘(i) is not located in the wildland-urban interface; ‘‘(ii) is located within not more than 1.5 miles of non-Federal land; and ‘‘(iii) on which the Secretary determines that conditions, such as the risk of wildfire, an insect or disease epidemic, or the pres-ence of invasive species, pose a risk to adja-cent non-Federal land; or ‘‘(C) treats 10,000 acres or less of Federal land that— ‘‘(i) is at particular risk for wildfire; ‘‘(ii) contains threatened and endangered species habitat; or ‘‘(iii) provides conservation benefits to— ‘‘(I) a species that is not listed as an en-dangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533), but is under con-sideration to be listed; ‘‘(II) a State-listed species; or ‘‘(III) a special concern species. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—This subsection shall not apply to Federal land— ‘‘(A) that is a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; ‘‘(B) on which the removal of vegetation is specifically prohibited by Federal statute; or ‘‘(C) that is within a National Monument as of the date of enactment of this sub-section.’’. 
SA 3207. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION OF DIRECT MONE-TARY BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF CONGRESS FROM AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS. 
No Member of Congress shall receive direct monetary benefits from a program author-ized under this Act or an amendment made by this Act. 
SA 3208. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2503, redesignate subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively. In section 2503, insert after subsection (b) the following: (c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TATDEVELOPMENT AND PROTECTION .—Section 1244(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the development of a conservation and recovery plan for protection of pollinators through conservation biological control or practices and strategies to integrate natural predators and parasites of crop pests into ag-ricultural systems for pest control; and ‘‘(D) training for producers relating to background science, implementation, and promotion of conservation biological control such that producers base conservation ac-tivities on practices and techniques that conserve or enhance natural habitat for ben-eficial insects as a way of reducing pest prob-lems and pesticide applications on farms.’’; (5) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘In car-rying out’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) M
ONARCH MILKWEED CORRIDOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.075 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4453 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(i) designate as a ‘Monarch milkweed cor-ridor’ any area in the United States that the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, determines to be an area of prime habitat and forage for Monarch butterflies; and ‘‘(ii) implement pollinator habitat develop-ment and protection plans under this sub-section in those Monarch milkweed corridors for Monarch butterflies. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE AREAS .—The Secretary may designate a Monarch milkweed corridor under subparagraph (A) in areas determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, including on public lands (as defined in section 203 of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722)), including National Forest System land and land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior, that have high for-age and habitat value for Monarch butter-flies.’’. 
SA 3209. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
RAPO , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 226(c) of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (as added by section 3201(a)), strike paragraph (5) and insert the following: ‘‘(5) P
RIORITY TRADE FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts allocated under paragraphs (1) through (4), and notwithstanding any limita-tions in those paragraphs, as determined by the Secretary, for 1 or more programs under this subtitle for authorized activities to ac-cess, develop, maintain, and expand markets for United States agricultural commodities, $6,000,000 for each fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In allocating funds made available under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may consider providing a greater allocation to 1 or more programs under this subtitle for which the amounts requested under applications exceed available funding for the 1 or more programs. 
SA 3210. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 12519, strike subsection (h) and insert the following: (h) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary to carry out this section $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. (2) R
ECEIPT .—The Secretary shall be enti-tled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out this section the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appro-priation. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to the amounts appropriated under paragraph (1), there is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
SA 3211. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. GARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 124ll. FOOD LOSS AND WASTE REDUCTION LIAISON. 
Subtitle D of title II of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6951 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 244. FOOD LOSS AND WASTE REDUCTION LIAISON. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department the position of Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Food Loss and Waste Re-duction Liaison shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with other Federal agen-cies, including the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, to reduce the incidence of food loss and waste and increase food recovery; ‘‘(2) support and promote Federal programs to measure and reduce the incidence of food loss and waste and increase food recovery; ‘‘(3) serve as a resource for entities en-gaged in efforts to reduce food loss and waste and increase food recovery, including by pro-viding information to those entities on the availability of, and eligibility requirements for, participation in Federal programs; ‘‘(4) provide information on the liability protections under the Bill Emerson Good Sa-maritan Food Donation Act (42 U.S.C. 1791) to entities and individuals engaged in food loss and waste reduction and food recovery; and ‘‘(5) make recommendations on reducing the incidence of food loss and waste and ex-panding food recovery efforts. ‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—In car- rying out subsection (b), the Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with the research, education, and economics mis-sion area of the Department, institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))), and nonprofit organizations for, with respect to food loss and waste reduction and food recovery— ‘‘(1) the development of educational mate-rials; ‘‘(2) the conduct of workshops and courses; and ‘‘(3) the conduct of research on best prac-tices.’’. 
SA 3212. Mr. DAINES (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2385, to establish best practices for State, tribal, and local govern-ments participating in the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike section 7(a) and insert the fol-lowing: (a) I
NGENERAL .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch di-rected against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside primarily with the Federal Government. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may delegate to a State, tribal, or local entity the author-ity described in paragraph (1), if, not later than 60 days after the end of the 120-day pe-riod described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security submits a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (A) it is not feasible for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (B) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of missile threat against a State. (3) ACTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. 
SA 3213. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Before section 8401, insert the following: 
SEC. 84ll. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (13) through (18), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(11) F
IRE REGIME IV .—The term ‘fire re-gime IV’ means an area— ‘‘(A) in which historically there are stand replacement severity fires with a frequency of 35 through 100 years; and ‘‘(B) that may be located in any vegetation type. ‘‘(12) F
IRE REGIME V .—The term ‘fire re-gime V’ means an area— ‘‘(A) in which historically there are stand replacement severity fires with a frequency of 200 years; and ‘‘(B) that may be located in any vegetation type.’’. 
SEC. 84ll. AUTHORIZED HAZARDOUS FUEL RE-DUCTION PROJECTS. 
Section 102(a)(3) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6512(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘or fire regime III’’ and inserting ‘‘fire regime III, fire regime IV, or fire regime V’’. After section 8408, insert the following: 
SEC. 84ll. ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW. 
Section 603(c) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘condition class 2’, ‘condition class 3’, ‘fire regime I’, ‘fire regime II’, ‘fire regime III’, ‘fire regime IV’, ‘fire regime V’, and ‘wildland-urban interface’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—A project under this sec-tion shall be— ‘‘(i) limited to areas in the wildland-urban interface; or ‘‘(ii) for projects located outside the wildland-urban interface, limited to areas within condition class 2 or condition class 3 in fire regime I, fire regime II, fire regime III, fire regime IV, or fire regime V.’’. At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.076 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4454 June 26, 2018 
SEC. 84ll. WILDFIRE RESILIENCE PROJECTS. 
Section 605 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Hazardous fuels reduction projects, as defined in the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘Authorized hazardous fuel re-duction projects (as defined in section 101)’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and sec-tions 104 and 105’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘subject to section 106,’’ before ‘‘considered’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘to the extent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘disease,’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Prioritized’’ and inserting ‘‘prioritized’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘If lo-cated outside the wildland-urban interface, limited to areas within Condition Classes 2 or 3 in Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘if located outside the wildland- urban interface, limited to areas within con-dition class 2 or condition class 3 in fire re-gime I, fire regime II, fire regime III, fire re-gime IV, or fire regime V (as those terms are defined in section 101)’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Lim-ited’’ and inserting ‘‘limited’’. 
SA 3214. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. L EAHY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 6206(3)(A), strike clause (ii) and insert the following: (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
ELATION TO UNIVERSAL SERVICE HIGH - 
COST SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall coordi-nate with the Federal Communications Com-mission to ensure that any grants, loans, or loan guarantees made under this section complement and do not conflict with uni-versal service high-cost support (as defined in section 54.5 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation) provided by the Commission. ‘‘(D) A
PPEAL OF INELIGIBILITY .—An entity that is determined ineligible by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (A) may appeal that determination in a timely manner ac-cording to a procedure established by the Secretary.’’; In section 6206(3)(B), strike clause (ii) and insert the following: (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply if the applicant is eligible for funding under another title of this Act.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) O
VERBUILD AND DUPLICATION OF  
BROADBAND .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), an eligible entity that receives a grant, loan, or loan guarantee under this section shall not use the funds to overbuild or duplicate broadband expansion efforts made by an-other entity with a grant, loan, or loan guar-antee received under this section. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in clause (i) shall not apply if— ‘‘(I) that other entity— ‘‘(aa)(AA) rescinded or defaulted on the grant, loan, or loan guarantee; or ‘‘(BB) failed to meet the terms and condi-tions of the grant, loan, or loan guarantee; and ‘‘(II) the eligible entity has not rescinded, defaulted on, or failed to meet the terms and conditions of any previous grant, loan, or loan guarantee received under this section.’’; SA 3215. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 10111, insert the following: 
SEC. 10112. STUDY ON THE IMPACTS OF THE IM-PORTATION OF ORCHIDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the economic and environ-mental impacts of importing orchids in growing media. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) the economic impact of importing or-chids in growing media on a State-by-State basis, with data collected from local growers; and (B) any incidents of pests detected on or-chids imported with growing media; and (2) an analysis from the Administrator of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service with respect to the additional re-sources that are necessary to prevent and mitigate the introduction of pests resulting from importing orchids in growing media. 
SA 3216. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1602. ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CER-TAIN PRODUCERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFYING NATURAL  D
ISASTER DECLARATION .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualifying natural disaster declara-tion’’ means— (1) a natural disaster declared by the Sec-retary under section 321(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)); or (2) a major disaster or emergency des-ignated by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—As soon as practicable after October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall make available assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) to producers of an eligible crop (as defined in subsection (a)(2) of that section) that suffered losses in a county cov-ered by a qualifying natural disaster declara-tion for production losses due to volcanic ac-tivity. (c) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall make as-sistance available under subsection (b) in an amount equal to the amount of assistance determined under paragraph (1) of section 196(l) of the Federal Agriculture Improve-ment and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(l)), less any fees that are owed by pro-ducers under paragraph (2) of that sub-section. SA 3217. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 7403 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 7403. RESEARCH FACILITIES ACT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH  F
ACILITY .—Section 2(1) of the Research Fa-cilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘a college, university, or nonprofit institution’’ and inserting ‘‘an entity eligible under a capacity and infrastructure program (as defined in section 251(f)(1) of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(1)))’’. (b) C
RITERIA FOR APPROVAL .—Section 3(c)(2)(D) of the Research Facilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390a(c)(2)(D)) is amended, in the mat-ter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘college, university, or nonprofit institution has the ability and commitment to support the long- term, ongoing operating costs’’ and inserting ‘‘entity has the ability and commitment to support the long-term, ongoing operation and maintenance costs’’. (c) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .—The Re- search Facilities Act is amended by inserting after section 3 (7 U.S.C. 390a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. COMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘The Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary shall provide grants, on a competitive basis, to assist in the construction, alteration, acquisition, modernization, renovation, or remodeling of agricultural research facilities.’’. (d) F
UNDING .—Section 6 of the Research Facilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390d) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘sub-section (b),’’ in subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subject to subsections (b), (c), and (d),’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, to remain available until ex-pended,’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—Of the amounts made available under this section, not more than 25 percent may be used during any fis-cal year for any single agricultural research facility project. ‘‘(d) P
ROJECT LIMITATION .—An entity eligi-ble to receive funds under this Act may re-ceive funds for only 1 project at a time.’’. 
SA 3218. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B ENNET , and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2105(a), strike the closing quotation marks and the following period and insert the following: ‘‘(g) D
ROUGHT AND WATER CONSERVATION  A
GREEMENTS .—In the case of an agreement under subsection (b)(1) to address regional drought concerns, in accordance with the conservation purposes of the program, the Secretary, in consultation with the applica-ble State technical committee established under section 1261(a), may— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.077 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4455 June 26, 2018 
‘‘(1) notwithstanding subsection (a)(1), en-roll other agricultural land on which the re-source concerns identified in the agreement can be addressed if the enrollment of the land is critical to the accomplishment of the purposes of the agreement; ‘‘(2) permit dryland agricultural uses with the adoption of best management practices on enrolled land if the agreement involves the significant long-term reduction of con-sumptive water use and dryland production is compatible with the agreement; and ‘‘(3) calculate annual rental payments con-sistent with existing administrative practice for similar drought and water conservation agreements under this subchapter and ensure regional consistency in those rates.’’. On page 123, line 3, insert ‘‘or for address-ing the conservation of water to advance drought mitigation’’ before the semicolon. In section 2303, strike paragraph (5) and in-sert the following: (5) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
VAILABILITY OF PAYMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide water conservation and system efficiency payments under this sub-section to an entity described in paragraph (2) or a producer for— ‘‘(A) water conservation scheduling, water distribution efficiency, soil moisture moni-toring, or an appropriate combination there-of; ‘‘(B) irrigation-related structural or other measures that conserve surface water or groundwater, including managed aquifer re-covery practices; or ‘‘(C) a transition to water-conserving crops, water-conserving crop rotations, or deficit irrigation.’’; (B) by redesigning paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1001(f)(6), the Secretary may enter into a contract under this subsection with a State, irrigation district, groundwater management district, acequia, or similar entity under a streamlined contracting process to imple-ment water conservation or irrigation prac-tices under a watershed-wide project that will effectively conserve water, provide fish and wildlife habitat, or provide for drought- related environmental mitigation, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Water conserva-tion or irrigation practices that are the sub-ject of a contract entered into under sub-paragraph (A) shall be implemented on— ‘‘(i) eligible land of a producer; or ‘‘(ii) land that is under the control of an ir-rigation district, a groundwater manage-ment district, an acequia, or a similar enti-ty. ‘‘(C) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the applicability of the limita-tions in section 1001D(b) or section 1240G for a payment made under a contract entered into under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that the waiver is necessary to fulfill the objectives of the project.’’; (D) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to a producer’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under this subsection’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the eligible land of the producer is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation of the producer’’ and inserting ‘‘the land on which the practices will be implemented is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation on that land’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘ex-cept in the case of an application under para-graph (2),’’ before ‘‘the producer agrees’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretary to modify the process for determining the annual allocation of funding to States under the program.’’. 
SA 3219. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2503, redesignate subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively. In section 2503, insert after subsection (b) the following: (c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TATDEVELOPMENT AND PROTECTION .—Section 1244(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the development of a conservation and recovery plan for protection of pollinators through conservation biological control or practices and strategies to integrate natural predators and parasites of crop pests into ag-ricultural systems for pest control; and ‘‘(D) training for producers relating to background science, implementation, and promotion of conservation biological control such that producers base conservation ac-tivities on practices and techniques that conserve or enhance natural habitat for ben-eficial insects as a way of reducing pest prob-lems and pesticide applications on farms.’’; (5) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘In car-rying out’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) M
ONARCH CORRIDOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary may— ‘‘(i) designate as a ‘Monarch corridor’ any area in the United States that the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the In-terior, determines to be an area of prime habitat and forage for Monarch butterflies; and ‘‘(ii) implement pollinator habitat develop-ment and protection plans under this sub-section in those Monarch corridors for Mon-arch butterflies. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE AREAS .—The Secretary may designate a Monarch corridor under subparagraph (A) in areas determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, including on public lands (as defined in section 203 of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722)), including National Forest System land and land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior, that have high for-age and habitat value for Monarch butter-flies.’’. 
SA 3220. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. D AINES ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11ll. ELIGIBILITY OF FABA BEANS FOR PLANTING ON BASE ACRES. 
Section 1114(e)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(e)(1)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, faba beans,’’ after ‘‘mung beans’’. 
SA 3221. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lllll. REPORT ON FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE AND OTHER EXTEN-SION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the census of agri-culture required to be conducted in calendar year 2017 under section 2 of the Census of Ag-riculture Act of 1997 (7 U.S.C. 2204g) is re-leased, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that describes the funding nec-essary to adequately address the needs of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, activities carried out under the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), and research and extension programs carried out at an 1890 In-stitution (as defined in section 2 of the Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)) or an insti-tution designated under the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘‘First Morrill Act’’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), to provide adequate services for the growth and development of the economies of rural communities based on the changing de-mographic in the rural and farming commu-nities in the various States. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall focus on the funding needs of the programs described in subsection (a) with respect to carrying out activities relating to small and diverse farms and ranches, veteran farmers and ranchers, value-added agriculture, di-rect-to-consumer sales, and specialty crops. 
SA 3222. Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 7512 (relating to the natural products research program) and insert the following: 
SEC. 7512. NATURAL PRODUCTS RESEARCH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 7525 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 5937) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) research to improve the development and production of sustainable chemicals de-rived from natural products that improve 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.077 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4456 June 26, 2018 
or more health or environmental attributes as compared to existing chemicals already in use; and’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SA 3223. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2307 (relating to a limita-tion on payments) and insert the following: 
SEC. 2307. LIMITATION ON PAYMENTS. 
Section 1240G of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–7) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$450,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Lieutenant General Stephen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Trans-portation Command, Department of Defense. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative proposals to increase access to cap-ital.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Chris-topher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Cybersecurity, En-ergy Security and Emergency Re-sponse), and Daniel Simmons, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy), all of the Department of Energy. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Prescription Drug Affordability and Innovation: Addressing Challenges in Today’s Market.’’ COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 11:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on pend-ing legislation and the following nomi-nations: of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, De-partment of Education, John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Labor for Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training, and other pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Survivors’ Bill of Rights: Imple-mentation and Next Steps.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 9 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing with His Majesty King Abdullah II. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE AND REGIONAL  
SECURITY COOPERATION  
The Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation of the Committee on Foreign Relations is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy in Europe.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CRIME AND TERRORISM  
The Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism of the Committee on the Ju-diciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting our Elec-tions: Examining Shell Companies and Virtual Currencies as Avenues for For-eign Interference.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ward Griffin and Jason Sherman, a detailee and fel-low with the minority staff on the Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, be granted floor privileges throughout the duration of this Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
AUTHENTICATING LOCAL EMER-GENCIES AND REAL THREATS ACT OF 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 2385 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2385) to establish best practices for State, tribal, and local governments par-ticipating in the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the Schatz amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3212) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Strike section 7(a) and insert the fol-lowing: (a) I
NGENERAL .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch di-rected against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside primarily with the Federal Government. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may delegate to a State, tribal, or local entity the author-ity described in paragraph (1), if, not later than 60 days after the end of the 120-day pe-riod described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security submits a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (A) it is not feasible for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (B) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of missile threat against a State. (3) A
CTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. 
The bill (S. 2385), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2385 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.078 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4457 June 26, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Authen-ticating Local Emergencies and Real Threats Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Agency; (2) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (3) the term ‘‘public alert and warning sys-tem’’ means the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States de-scribed in section 526 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321o); and (4) the term ‘‘State’’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and any possession of the United States. 
SEC. 3. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-ING SYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE. 
Section 2 of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–143; 130 Stat. 327) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) recommendations for best practices of State, tribal, and local governments to follow to maintain the integrity of the pub-lic alert and warning system, including— ‘‘(I) the procedures for State, tribal, and local government officials to authenticate civil emergencies and initiate, modify, and cancel alerts transmitted through the public alert and warning system, including proto-cols and technology capabilities for— ‘‘(aa) the initiation, or prohibition on the initiation, of alerts by a single authorized or unauthorized individual; and ‘‘(bb) testing a State, tribal, or local gov-ernment incident management and warning tool without accidentally initiating an alert through the public alert and warning sys-tem; ‘‘(II) the standardization, functionality, and interoperability of incident management and warning tools used by State, tribal, and local governments to notify the public of an emergency through the public alert and warning system; ‘‘(III) the training and recertification of emergency management personnel on best practices for originating and transmitting an alert through the public alert and warning system; and ‘‘(IV) the procedures, protocols, and guid-ance concerning the protective action plans that State, tribal, and local governments should issue to the public following an alert issued under the public alert and warning system.’’; (B) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (6)(B)’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Authenticating Local Emergencies and Real Threats Act of 2018, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report containing any recommendations re-quired to be developed under paragraph (6)(B)(iii) for approval by the National Advi-sory Council.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘re-port’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘reports’’; and (C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-serting ‘‘5’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021’’. SEC. 4. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-ING SYSTEM PARTICIPATORY RE-QUIREMENTS. 
The Administrator shall— (1) consider the recommendations sub-mitted by the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee to the Na-tional Advisory Council under section 2(b)(7) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–143; 130 Stat. 331), as amended by section 3 of this Act; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date on which the recommendations described in paragraph (1) are submitted, establish min-imum requirements for State, tribal, and local governments to participate in the pub-lic alert and warning system consistent with all public notice rules and regulations in law. 
SEC. 5. INCIDENT MANAGEMENT AND WARNING TOOL VALIDATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a process to ensure that an inci-dent management and warning tool used by a State, tribal, or local government to origi-nate and transmit an alert through the pub-lic alert and warning system meets the min-imum requirements established by the Ad-ministrator under section 4(2). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process required to be established under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the ability to test an incident manage-ment and warning tool in the public alert and warning system lab; (2) the ability to certify that an incident management and warning tool complies with the applicable cyber frameworks of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; (3) a process to certify developers of emer-gency management software; and (4) requiring developers to provide the Ad-ministrator with a copy of and rights of use for ongoing testing of each version of inci-dent management and warning tool software before the software is first used by a State, tribal, or local government. 
SEC. 6. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall review the memoranda of understanding be-tween the Agency and State, tribal, and local governments with respect to the public alert and warning system to ensure that all agreements ensure compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under section 4(2). (b) F
UTURE MEMORANDA .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that any new memo-randum of understanding entered into be-tween the Agency and a State, tribal, or local government on or after the date of en-actment of this Act with respect to the pub-lic alert and warning system ensures that the agreement requires compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under section 4(2). 
SEC. 7. MISSILE ALERT AND WARNING AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch di-rected against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside primarily with the Federal Government. (2) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may delegate to a State, tribal, or local entity the author-ity described in paragraph (1), if, not later than 60 days after the end of the 120-day pe-riod described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security submits a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (A) it is not feasible for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (B) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of missile threat against a State. (3) A
CTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. (b) R
EQUIRED PROCESSES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall establish a process to promptly notify a State warning point, and any State entities that the Administrator determines appropriate, of follow-up actions to a missile launch alert so the State may take appropriate action to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents of the State following the issuance of an alert described in subsection (a)(1) for that State. (c) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Administrator, shall work with the Governor of a State warning point to develop and implement ap-propriate protective action plans to respond to an alert described in subsection (a)(1) for that State. (d) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (1) examine the feasibility of establishing an alert designation under the public alert and warning system that would be used to alert and warn the public of a missile threat while concurrently alerting a State warning point so that a State may activate related protective action plans; and (2) submit a report of the findings under paragraph (1), including of the costs and timeline for taking action to implement an alert designation described in paragraph (1), to— (A) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (C) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 8. AWARENESS OF ALERTS AND WARNINGS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct a review of— (A) the Emergency Operations Center of the Agency; and (B) the National Watch Center and each Regional Watch Center of the Agency; and (2) submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the review conducted under para-graph (1), which shall include— (A) an assessment of the technical capa-bility of the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Cen-ters described in paragraph (1) to be notified of alerts and warnings issued by a State through the public alert and warning sys-tem; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.086 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4458 June 26, 2018 
(B) a determination of which State alerts and warnings the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) should be aware of; and (C) recommendations for improving the ability of the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) to receive any State alerts and warnings that the Ad-ministrator determines are appropriate. 
SEC. 9. TIMELINE FOR COMPLIANCE. 
Each State shall be given a reasonable amount of time to comply with any new rules, regulations, or requirements imposed under this Act or the amendments made by this Act. f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the passage of H.R. 5895 and the adoption of amendment No. 2910 to H.R. 5895, previously agreed to amend-ments Nos. 2920 and 2999 be considered as having been agreed to following the adoption of amendment No. 3066 and that the instruction line for amend-ment No. 2920 be modified with the changes at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2920) as agreed to is modified, as follows: At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 106. Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) includes a list of all cost-shared Corps projects that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) are physically and fiscally complete; and (B) for which excess non-Federal funds have not been returned to the non-Federal project sponsor; and (2) with respect to each project listed under paragraph (1), describes the status of— (A) returning the excess funds to the non- Federal project sponsor; and (B) providing the non-Federal project spon-sor a final accounting of the project. ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2, with all postcloture time being expired. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:12 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN6.086 S26JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE915 June 26, 2018 
RECOGNIZING MR. FRANK CALZON 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, in recogni-tion of his long standing contributions to the Cuban community and his strong support for freedom for the Cuban people, I rise today to honor Mr. Frank Calzon. Born in Cuba in 1947, Mr. Calzon came to the United States in 1960, after which he be-came a staunch human rights advocate. Since his early days at the University of George-town, he has dedicated his life to promoting human rights and essential liberties on behalf of the Cuban people. Soon after graduating, he became Director of ‘On Human Rights’, a Washington-based organization by which he informed Members of Congress, officials and others on the egregious human rights abuses in totalitarian Cuba. He later joined Freedom House, an independent NGO that supports the expansion and strengthening of freedom in the world. There, as Director of its Cuba Program, he expressed support of policies and strate-gies to support the Cuban people, and testi-fied before the UN Commission for Human Rights in Geneva. Since 1997, Mr. Calzon has been the Exec-utive Director of the Center for a Free Cuba, where he has continued his tireless advocacy for the human rights of the Cuban people, as-sisting political prisoners, their families, and other democracy activists. In partnership with U.S. Government agencies, international NGOs, parliamentarians, and many other no-table freedom advocates across the globe, Mr. Calzon has dedicated his life to freedom, human rights, and democracy for the Cuban people. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. Calzon for his selfless work on behalf of free-dom for the Cuban people. I ask my col-leagues to join me in commending his unwav-ering dedication in furtherance of this most noble cause. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF OUR LADY OF PO-LAND CHURCH 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of Our Lady of Poland Church in Southampton, New York. Since the first Polish immigrants arrived in Southampton in 1895 as farmers, the Polish community has continued to grow and pros-per, its culture becoming a hallmark of our community. Our Lady of Poland opened its doors in 1918, and the church became an in-tegral part of Polish immigrants’ way of life in their new home. Over the last 100 years, the parishioners of Our Lady of Poland Church have been served by many devoted pastors and priests culti-vating a rich history of community service and outreach. Today, Our Lady of Poland Church boasts a respected regional school, working with the church and teachers to ensure their school at-tains the highest levels of educational excel-lence. This year, under the leadership of Rev. Jausz Lipski, the parish will celebrate 100 years of service and commitment to the com-munity of Southampton and celebrate the beautiful history of their church and magnifi-cent culture. I thank the parishioners of Our Lady of Po-land for their service to our community and wish them many more anniversaries to come. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN ROBERT BAKER 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to commemorate the life of John Robert Baker, who passed away on Jan-uary 26 at the age of 93. John’s life was adventurous and well lived. Born in the summer of 1924 in Seattle, his early childhood was marked by being pulled to safety by his pet dog from Green Lake. After his graduation from Lincoln High School, he served during World War II in the United States Navy. John was one of two remaining World War II submariners in the State of Washington. After graduating from high school, John joined the U.S. Navy and trained as a radioman be-fore heading to Portsmouth, New Hampshire to train for submarine duty. Hesitant to apply for submarine duty due to his poor vision, he reportedly memorized the eye chart in ad-vance to pass the exam. John served as a Radioman Third Class on the USS Atule (SS 403), where he is also recognized as a plank holder during its first commission in June of 1944. The Atule headed to Pearl Harbor and began the first of four war patrols in the South Pacific on October 9, 1944. The submarine was credited with sinking four warships and four merchant ships. The Atule was off the coast of Japan when it received word that Japan had surrendered. After the War, John studied pharmacy and earned his freshman numeral on the crew team at the University of Washington. His dis-tinguished pharmacy career spanned across Washington State, where he owned a promi-nent business in Ephrata for 20 years, and continued his career as a pharmacist in Moses Lake, Quincy, Othello, and Walla Walla. John retired to Port Townsend in 1990, where he continued to be active in the community as a volunteer at the City Information Center and served as State Commander and Chaplain of the U.S. Submarine Veterans of World War II. John Baker’s close friends and family will remember the precious time he spent fishing and boating with his sons and grandchildren. They will also remember the joy he found in racing-go-carts, hydroplanes, and even a For-mula Vee car. They will remember his love for reading and puzzles, and-above all-his devo-tion to his family. We honor John Robert Baker—patriot, sub-mariner, pharmacist, devoted husband and fa-ther, and dedicated volunteer. We will never forget his service to our country and commu-nity. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL MANN’S SERVICE TO KEN-TUCKY’S SECOND DISTRICT 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my sincere thanks to Michael Mann who will be moving on from my office at the end of this week to begin law school at the University of Louisville Brandeis School of Law. Born and raised in Springfield, Kentucky, Michael has always shown great pride in his Washington County roots to anyone who has walked through our office door. On top of ev-erything he has done for Kentucky’s Second District, he has balanced his job in Wash-ington, D.C., while serving in the Kentucky Na-tional Guard. We are sorry to see him leave, but I know that he will go on to great things back home in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. I wish him the best of luck in law school. 
f 
HONORING COACH JOHN CARTER 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John Carter, head baseball coach of the Round Rock Dragons, who was recently named the National Federation of State High School Associations’ 2016–2017 State Coach of the Year for boys’ baseball. During his dec-ades as coach, he’s helped lead the Dragons to a state championship, fielded a perennial contender, and positively impacted the lives of hundreds of young men. It’s no coincidence we share the same name; Coach Carter is my first-born son. As an athlete, he’d be the first to admit that he wasn’t blessed with innate physical gifts; oth-ers were faster, stronger, more agile. Yet he quickly gained a reputation as a supremely coachable athlete who listened when coaches 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JN8.001 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE916 June 26, 2018 
instructed him and, just as important, paid heed when coaches guided teammates. Few were more motivated to do the work nec-essary to succeed. These traits serve him well as he strength-ens the legacy of a great high school baseball program, one of the most respected both in Texas and nationwide. Coach Carter has ex-celled not because he’s a guru of offense or a deacon of defense. He’s not a pitcher’s coach or a fielder’s coach. He’s a baseball coach who knows that the road to victory is paved by mastery of every facet of this com-plex game. The fruits of Coach Carter’s labors are in every strikeout, double play, and sacrifice bunt. They’re in every win celebrated and every loss with lessons to learn from. They’re in the eyes of teenagers he’s helped mold into young men who learn the value of teamwork and how to reach their fullest potentials, both on and off the field of play. Most important, Coach Carter has never lost sight of the beauty of our national pastime. A game that has no clock yet demands blazing speed. The rare sport where the offense scores the runs but the defense has the ball. Where all the important things happen at home. A game played in back alleys, open fields, ramshackle parks, and glossy stadiums that transcends social boundaries and unites a great nation. Where one and all are excited by the most magical words in all of sports: ‘‘play ball!’’ I congratulate Coach John Carter for this richly-deserved honor. I’m proud of him, like I am of all my children, and I wish him nothing but success as he continues leading the Round Rock Dragons boys’ baseball team to victory. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes No. 289 and No. 290. Had I been present, On Roll Call No. 289, On Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, as Amended: H.R. 299—Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2018, I would have voted YES. On Roll Call No. 290, On Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 5783—Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018, I would have voted YES. 
f 
BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of this bipartisan legislation that will help Vietnam veterans who served in the terri-torial seas of Vietnam and were exposed to Agent Orange get the medical care they need. However, these are not the only veterans who have not received needed care for expo-sure to Agent Orange. That is why I’m grateful that H.R. 299 includes the text of my bill, the Fairness for Korean DMZ Veterans Act, which expands eligibility for disability compensation for veterans who served at or near the Korean DMZ and are suffering from herbicide-related conditions. Evidence shows that test spraying began six months earlier than the date on which regular spraying began in the Korean DMZ, thereby exposing veterans to the herbicide during the test period. This legislation will allow veterans exposed during this time period to receive the health care they have earned. This issue was brought to my attention by Garfield Harper, a veteran who lives in Bur-lington County and was exposed to Agent Or-ange while serving at the Korean DMZ. As the son of a veteran who served during the Korean War and Representative of more than 50,000 veterans, I believe we have a moral obligation to provide quality care for these veterans. I would like to thank the co-author of this bill, Congresswoman ESTY, Chairman R OE, Ranking Member W
ALZ, and the 46 bipartisan cosponsors of my legislation for helping to move this bill forward. I would also like to thank the VFW and the American Legion for their help drafting this legislation and rallying support here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this broadly bipartisan legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2018, I missed votes in the House in order to visit a migrant children detention facility in Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted: AYE on Roll Call No. 289—the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, H.R. 299, and AYE on Roll Call No. 290—the Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018, H.R. 578. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, June 25, 2018, my flight from Texas to Wash-ington, D.C., was delayed. As a result, I was unable to return in time to take Monday eve-ning’s first vote. However, I did arrive to vote on the second vote—H.R. 5783. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 289—H.R. 299. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 289 and 290 on Monday, June 25, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
STUDY SHOWS CRISIS IN AFFORDABLE RENTAL HOUSING 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to draw my colleagues’ attention to the Out of Reach 2018 study recently issued by the National Low-Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC). The findings of this report are sober-ing, although perhaps not shocking: in no state, county, or metropolitan area in the United States can a full-time minimum wage worker afford a modest two-bedroom rental home, without spending more than 30 percent of their income on rent alone. Furthermore, there are only 22 counties nationwide where a full-time minimum wage worker can afford a one-bedroom rental home. According to the study in the Chicago area I represent, an employee, working 40 hours per week, would need to earn at least $22.69 per hour to afford a simple two-bedroom rental home. Today, a worker earning Illinois’ min-imum wage of $8.25 must put in 99 hours of work per week to afford rent and have enough left over for other necessities. At the current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, a worker would have to put in, at least 122 hours per week—the equivalent of three full- time jobs—to reasonably afford rent at the fair market price. Think about the impact on individuals and families. The NLIHC reports that many low-in-come renters are forced to settle for sub-standard rental housing options, where prop-erty maintenance is not a priority of property owners. Even still, many Americans are forced to spend more than half of their limited in-comes exclusively on rent, leaving them with-out enough resources to pay for essentials such as child care, health care, or transpor-tation. Family life takes a hit when mothers and fathers must work so many hours away from their homes, often leaving their children alone. What purpose does it serve to create more and more minimum-wage jobs, if Ameri-cans must to work two or three of them just to be able to afford a place to sleep? According to this study, not only do min-imum-wage working Americans feel the bur-den of the high housing cost, so too do senior citizens and those with disabilities living within our communities. The NLIHC study found that 71 percent of extremely low-income house-holds spend more than half of their incomes on housing alone. Persistent underfunding has resulted in 3 out 4 low-income households, eli-gible to receive federal aid, to be left unas-sisted. Now, as the FY2019 appropriations process moves forward, think about what we can do to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.001 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE917 June 26, 2018 
help address this crisis. Not only do we need to reject the Trump Administration’s budget cuts which, according to the report, ‘‘would, if enacted, lead to the largest reduction in af-fordable housing and community development investments in decades’’ and result in the loss of rental assistance for 200,000 families. In-stead, we should increase funding for Housing Choice Vouchers, the national Housing Trust Fund, public housing and project-based rental assistance. And, of course, we need to replace the $7.25 federal minimum wage with a living wage by passing H.R. 15, the Raise the Wage Act. I want to congratulate the National Low-In-come Housing Coalition for giving us such crit-ical information about how the inadequacy of the federal minimum wage, coupled with the unaffordability of housing, is creating day-to- day crises for millions of Americans. We can solve those crises by investing in housing and providing workers with a better deal and better wages. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANTHONY G. BROWN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, from May 15, 2018 until May 22, 2018, I was ab-sent from the House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted in the fol-lowing manner: H.R. 613, Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Cor-rectional Officer Self-Protection Act of 2017 (Rep. M
CKINLEY , R–WV)—YES. H.R. 4854, Justice Served Act of 2018 (Rep. C
ARTER , R–TX)—YES. H. Res. 285, Expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve commu-nication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve (Rep. T
AYLOR , R–VA)—YES. On Question of Consideration of the Resolu-tion (the Rule for H.R. 5690, S. 2372, and H.R. 2)—NO. Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 891—The combined rule providing for consid-eration of the bill H.R. 5698—Protect and Serve Act of 2018 and of the bill S. 2372—VA MISSION Act of 2018 and of the bill H.R. 2— Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Adoption of H. Res. 891—The combined rule providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 5698—Protect and Serve Act of 2018 and of the bill S. 2372—VA MISSION Act of 2018 and of the bill H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018—NO. S. 35, Black Hills National Cemetery Bound-ary Expansion Act (Sen. T
HUNE , R–SD)—YES. H.R. 5698, Protect and Serve Act of 2018 (Rep. R
UTHERFORD , R–FL)—YES. S. 2372, VA MISSION Act of 2018 (Sen. I
SAKSON , R–GA)—NO. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 2—NO. H. Res. 900, Rule providing for further con-sideration of H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Foxx (R–NC) Amendment No. 1 to H.R. 2— Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. McClintock (R–CA) Amendment No. 3 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. McClintock (R–CA) Amendment No. 8 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Faso (R–NY) Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Biggs (R–AZ) Amendment No. 16 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Westerman (R–AR) Part C Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Young (R–AK) Part C Amendment No. 14 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Russell (R–OK) Amendment No. 17 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Massie (R–KY) Amendment No. 25 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Roskam (R–IL) Amendment No. 28 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018— YES. Banks (R–IN) Amendment No. 31 to H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. Motion to Recommit H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—with Instructions—YES. Final Passage of H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018—NO. H.R. 4830, SIT–REP Act, as amended (Rep. BILIRAKIS , R–FL)—YES. H.R. 4451, Homeless Veterans’ Reintegra-tion Programs Reauthorization Act of 2018, as amended (Rep. W
ENSTRUP , R–OH)—YES. H.R. 3832, Veterans Opioid Abuse Preven-tion Act, as amended (Rep. D
UNN, R–FL)— YES. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for further consideration of S. 2155, S. 204, and H.R. 5515—NO. H. Res. 905, Rule providing for consider-ation of S. 2155—Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, S. 204—Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jor-dan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act, and H.R. 5515—National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—NO. Amodei (R–NV) Amendment No. 8 to H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—NO. McGovern (D–MA) Amendment No. 10 to H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—YES. McKinley (R–WV) Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—NO. Tenney (R–NY) Amendment No. 19 to H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—NO. Engel (D–NY) Amendment No. 43 to H.R. 5515–National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—YES. Polis (D–CO) Amendment No. 50 to H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—YES. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 22 and Monday, June 25, 2018, I missed the following votes due to needing to tend to a close family member in the hospital. For Roll Call Vote 287, on the Motion to Re-commit with Instructions, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ For Roll Call Vote 288, final passage of the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Pro-motes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Pa-tients and Communities Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ For Roll Call Vote 289, final passage of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ For Roll Call Vote 290, final passage of the Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ f 
A BEAUTIFUL MIND IN MEMORY OF DR. CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory and in sorrow of the passing of a great Patriot and American Journalist Dr. Charles Krauthammer, with a poetic tribute by Albert Carey Caswell. Charles’ inspirational life is a lesson to us all about CHARACTER, FAITH, COURAGE, HOPE, and GOING FOR IT. He was a genius armed with a brilliant mind, wit, and intellect. Composing works of art on paper and on the screen. Our prayers go out to him and his beloved wife Robin and son Daniel. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
A B EAUTIFUL MIND IN MEMORY OF DR. C
HARLES KRAUTHAMMER A G REAT AMER-
ICAN PATRIOT AND JOURNALIST AND A L IFE W
ELLLED [By: Albert Carey Caswell] A beautiful mind So brilliant and fine A life of mind over matter you will find, With no mountain to high to climb Of a life well led in his time And when our life is over and done. What have we left behind to all among To so teach our young Have we shined like the Sun? Or left this world in regret at what we should have done With only a few verses in our lives to be sung As we curse the brevity of life wishing for more to come. Will we seize the moment in what we have done? And live with no regrets when all is said and done And give the world a nudge Yea, Charles was The Samson in Journalism who gave our world a budge If only they could remember what they’ve forgotten what blessings would come Yea, Charles you went deep in your life leav-ing nothing on the field my son Like a Mozart or Picasso, an artist composing Master pieces with thoughts and words of such a sum With a beautiful mind and life which reads like nobility in all he has done Turning tragedy into triumph as from where he had come Turning opportunity into success as to it he’d run Working for a President had this one Not afraid to question himself America’s son An American Patriot through and through who loved his country to it heart he’d run 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.007 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE918 June 26, 2018 
Who coined The Reagan Doctrine this one As he believed in his self with each new jour-ney he begun As why Sir Charles stands as American Roy-alty in Journalism this one Armed with his fine soul and integrity a cut above all the other ones Who masquerade and lose their way in their sacred charge for truth begun Who are the fourth pillar in this great Re-public which relies and depends upon For your lessons Charles are of Gold to all among About taking life’s hardest falls to rise up against all odds like the morning sun And not to wallow in self-pity, but with your light to shine and overcome To laugh and love all in your short time to come And not let the darkness of the world make you succumb When, courage comes to crest It’s there you’ll we find throughout history came America’s best As you Charles who our Nation has blessed As Father, a Husband, a Journalist, and a citizen of the world who would not rest Excelling at each and every one of those to bring your best, Someone to look up to as we were your guest. As a man of character and class the likes of Edward R Murrow, for the truth you too would not rest Giving no one a pass So articulate and witty, and armed with such a beautiful mind all others surpassed ANALYZE THIS Sir Charles gave back to Journalism some much needed nobility and class The likes of which in a bygone era reined throughout America’s past And yet no kinder or humble man then Charles ever crossed your path As he made each moment count, while he climbed each mountain, the Lord put in his path And at a young age when his strong body failed, with his mind and soul and faith and family would hold his course steadfast With mind over matter always up to the task With the great love of a magnificent wife Robin, and son Daniel he strode such a great path Into someone to look up to all in our hearts which will last Aren’t these ‘The Things Which Matter’ I ask? While, Baseball and Chess were his hearts desirers, he always went deep in his life checkmating heartache to climb higher Even the Pulitzer Prize he’d acquire And oh, his National’s in his heart created such a warm fire! As a Renaissance Man our world so inspired With ‘‘The Things Which Matter’’ his gift to take us even higher Until, the very end with his beautiful mind and soul still us inspired With his one final email to touch our hearts and lift us higher As he taught us how to live and how to die and say goodbye With such class and character, we now stand with tear in eye In Heaven your Dad is saying, what took you so long, it’s about time, And you and Edward Murrow are laughing and are not in sorrow David Bloom, Walter Cronkite, Ed Bradley and Tim Russert for you are making room With a new Angel on the rise, who will watch over us for the rest of our lives As he has taught us what can be achieved with a beautiful, heart, soul, and mind And the beauty of hope so divine With his life well led all in his time. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OUT-STANDING SERVICE OF DR. LENORA PETERS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise today and recognize the achieve-ments of Dr. Lenora Peters Gant, current Sen-ior Executive Academic National Security Fel-low at Howard University School of Business through the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). Revered for her U.S. se-curity and intelligence expertise, Dr. Gant’s profound leadership speaks to her devotion to public service and the impact she has made throughout the intelligence community. Dr. Gant holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Education and Management from Florida A&M University, a Master of Education from the George Peabody College at Vander-bilt University, and a Ph.D. in Education/Tech-nology Learning & Human Resources Man-agement from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. In addition, Dr. Gant furthered her academic pursuits by obtaining certificates in Executive Development and Leadership Development from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, and a certificate in 21st Century Leadership from the Wharton Business School at the University of Pennsylvania. Her tena-cious desire to pursue her education is truly inspiring. Dr. Gant’s phenomenal leadership expands numerous roles that include the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense, where she managed a multi- million dollar budget for human resources management, education, and technology- based diversity training initiatives. From 2004 to 2012, Dr. Gant served as Director of the ODNI Intelligence Community Center for Aca-demic Excellence, which is comprised of over 30 colleges and universities across the United States. Under her leadership, IC-CAE became a standard bearer for government partnerships with academia. In 2014, she was appointed as the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) Senior Executive for Academic Out-reach and STEM where she directed, planned, and executed approaches to originate, de-velop, and formalize NGA corporate academic outreach for Geospatial Sciences and Sci-entific and Technology. In 2016, Dr. Gant led the ODNI Office of Policy and Strategy’s Ca-reer Mobility Program Initiative, where she oversaw and directed over fifty senior leaders and managers across five ODNI Directorates. In addition to Dr. Gant’s professional pur-suits, she has received numerous awards in honor of her achievements and contribution to her line of work. In April 2010, Dr. Gant was awarded Harvard University Donald M. Stew-art Alumni Achievement Award for leadership and public service. In May 2016, she was awarded the Vanderbilt University’s Peabody College Distinguished Alumna Award. Further-more, the former Director of Central Intel-ligence Agency (CIA) George Tenet appointed Dr. Gant as the international community’s rep-resentative to the President’s White House One America Initiative. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Lenora Peters Gant is more than deserving of recognition for her service to our country. I am pleased to take this moment to celebrate her dedication and unwavering contribution to the intelligence community. I want to congratulate her once again for her many years of distinguished service to our nation. I wish her well as she embarks upon her retirement. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE VETERANS LEGAL SUPPORT ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Veterans Legal Support Act of 2018, which would allow the U.S. Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) to provide certification and support to law school clinical programs that provide pro bono legal and support services to veterans, including, among other things, as-sistance with disability claims and appeals and foreclosures. There are already at least 22 law schools that have clinics devoted to veterans’ legal needs, including the William & Mary Law School Veterans Benefits Clinic, which serves as a national model for this idea and was the first recipient of a ‘‘best practice’’ certification from the VA. There are many other law schools, such as the University of the District of Columbia’s David A. Clarke School of Law, that are interested in starting their own VA- certified clinics. More than 600,000 veterans are waiting for their disability claims to be processed by the VA. With the assistance of lawyers and law professors, clinical programs provide free legal resources to assist veterans in processing their claims. My bill would merely build on what some law schools have begun to do for the last several years. More needs to be done to sustain and increase these programs. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, a concrete measure that would assist our vet-erans, who have repeatedly put their lives on the line for this country. 
f 
HONORING 4 CORNERS FARM 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Gray Family and their 4 Corners Farm in South Newbury, Vermont for a re-markable 40 years of growing quality food for Vermonters. For owners Bob and Kim Gray, July 1, 2018 also marks their 40th wedding anniversary. Like many farming partnerships, theirs is a tested one based on mutual admiration and respect, a major factor in their collective suc-cess in growing food, a farm, and a family. Their story is unique. Both Bob and Kim are former members of the U.S. Ski Team. Bob represented the United States in cross country skiing at the 1968 and 1972 Olympics. Kim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.010 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE919 June 26, 2018 
was a competitive World Cup downhill ski racer. Both Vermonters, they met in 1975 while training. Their mutual dream of running a farm took root. Kim studied agriculture at Vermont Technical College. In 1978 they got married and decided to channel their athletic energy and skill into farming the land in Vermont’s Connecticut River Valley. They started growing produce in Hartland’s Four Corners where they rented a 40-acre plot and sold produce at the farmers’ market in Norwich. By the fall of 1981, they had saved up enough money to make a down payment on an old farmhouse in South Newbury. The following year, they moved the farm there, started a family, and have been farming ever since. Today, the 4 Corners Farm is a family affair. Bob and Kim’s sons, Peter and Charlie, to-gether with Peter’s partner Marie, all help manage the farm. Peter returned home to Vermont after receiving a degree from Mon-tana State University and Charlie came home after serving in Iraq with the U.S. Marine Corps. Their daughter, Molly, a Vermont-edu-cated lawyer, recently returned home to help with the farm’s administration. Their step-chil-dren, Betsy and Travis, have also helped over the years. As life can sometimes do, Kim was thrown a curve ball about 20 years ago when she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Despite the infinite daily obstacles, she continues to manage and operate the farm with sheer te-nacity and an indomitable spirit. Mr. Speaker, there are no words to ade-quately describe the beauty of this farm and the great pride the Gray family takes in pro-ducing high quality food for Vermonters. They grow fruits and vegetables on roughly 50 acres including a pick your own strawberry op-eration. For over 20 years, Kim has also man-aged the farm’s jersey cow operation. Their market overflows with the freshest garden vegetables, fruits, milk, cheese, and meat all grown and raised in their fields. They still maintain a stand at the Norwich Farmers’ Mar-ket and deliver to coops and restaurants in the area. Their motto, ‘‘All we sell is our own,’’ says it all. What perhaps is most remarkable is the Gray family’s 40 years of stewardship of the land and community. They continue to nurture and reinvest in the land and the farm to en-sure it can produce food for future genera-tions. Over the years, they have employed and mentored hundreds of employees, sharing their knowledge and promoting a farming way of life. For Vermont’s farmers, marketing their prod-ucts can be tough. If not for the state’s com-mitment to and support for its farms and farm-ing families, 4 Corners Farm, and many oth-ers, would not be around today. The 4 Cor-ners Farm is a product of community-sup-ported agriculture and of a loyal and local fol-lowing equally invested in good stewardship of the land and the production of local food. THE NEED TO FULLY FUND AND PROTECT THE INDEPENDENCE AND INTEGRITY OF THE SPE-CIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION OF RUSSIA’S INTERFERENCE IN 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION AND ATTACK ON AMERICAN DE-MOCRACY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address the House on the critical importance of fully funding the investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into Russian inter-ference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the extent to which officials of the Trump Campaign may have aided and encouraged this attack on our democracy. If we are to protect the rule of law and pre-vent future interference in our elections, it is essential that Special Counsel Mueller’s thor-ough and nonpartisan investigation continued unimpeded until all the facts are known and laid bare before the American people. There are at least five (5) reasons why the Congress must act to protect the Special Counsel’s Russia investigation from White House interference and obstruction. First, we need to restore public confidence in our elections and protect against inter-ference in the future. Our intelligence agencies are unanimous in their conclusions that Russia engaged in an unprecedented campaign to undermine our elections through cyber-attacks, dissemination of false information, and other intelligence op-erations. It is imperative that we understand fully the nature of the interference and how to harden our electoral processes to prevent future at-tacks. Second, there is evidence that Trump cam-paign operatives conspired with the Russians. As disturbing as the Russian attack on the election is, the growing likelihood that some Americans aided this most hostile foreign ad-versary in undermining the very foundation of our democracy. There is much circumstantial evidence to support this conclusion. Members of the Trump Campaign high-com-mand had meetings with Russian officials that were not disclosed in testimony and in security clearance applications. Senior Trump Campaign officials attempted to establish secret communications with the Russian government that would preclude over-sight by U.S. intelligence agencies. Senior Trump Campaign officials had un-usual financial ties to Russia. Senior Trump Campaign officials had ad-vance knowledge of when Russian operatives would release documents stolen by the Rus-sians from the Clinton campaign. Senior Trump Campaign officials (including Trump’s son and son-in-law, and Campaign Chairman) met in Trump Tower on June 9, 2016 with a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer and a former Soviet counterintelligence officer under the assumption they would provide po-litically damaging information about Hillary Clinton as part of the Russian government’s efforts to support the Trump campaign. The firing of FBI Director James Comey has increased suspicion of collusion with the Rus-sian government. The FBI determined that there was sufficient evidence to warrant an investigation into pos-sible collusion with the Russian government. According to Former FBI Director James Comey, President Trump made unusual re-quests of him; including asking for his loyalty and hoping he would derail the Russian inves-tigation. Director Comey refused to make such com-mitments. On May 9, 2017, President Trump fired Di-rector Comey and admitted publically the next day that he fired Director Comey ‘‘because of the Russia investigation.’’ The Special Counsel must have the re-sources needed to perform a fair and credible investigation. The Department of Justice’s appointment of former FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III to oversee the investigation was met with wide approval in Congress and the general public. Special Counsel Mueller has a well-earned reputation for fairness, probity, integrity, objec-tivity, and nonpartisan. The more evidence of collusion uncovered by Special Counsel Mueller, the more the President threatens to fire the Special Counsel or issue pardons to those implicated in the in-vestigation. There is strong evidence of collusion. Republicans may point to the House Intel-ligence Committee report (written by Repub-licans) that concluded there was no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives. House Intelligence Committee Democrats disagree with that report charging that Repub-licans did not take its investigation seriously. House Republicans refused to call key wit-nesses or request pertinent documents, and refused to compel and enforce witness co-operation and answers to key questions. Democrats on the House Intelligence Com-mittee concluded the opposite, citing signifi-cant evidence pointing to collusion in the 70+ secret meetings and communications between senior Trump campaign officials (including Paul Manafort, Rick Gates, George Papadopoulous, Donald Trump Jr., Michael Flynn, Carter Page, and others with agents or entities allied with Vladimir Putin or the Rus-sian government. Mr. Speaker, this evening, just like last night and the night before, Paul Manafort, the Chair-man of the 2016 Trump Campaign, sleeps in a jail, indicted and accused of money-laun-dering, criminal fraud, and being an unregis-tered agent of a foreign government. Michael Flynn, the President’s first National Security Advisor, has been indicted and plead-ed guilty to lying to federal investigators re-garding his contacts and communications with agents of Vladimir Putin’s Russia. Also pleading guilty or indicted in Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation are George Papadopoulous; and Trump Deputy Campaign Manager Rick Gates. All told, Special Counsel Mueller has won indictments against 19 persons—including 13 Russian nationals—and three Russian compa-nies. Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation is not a ‘witch-hunt’ but a reasonable and nec-essary response to an attack on our country and its most fundamental democratic institu-tion: free, fair, and untainted elections. Without the rule of law and democratic gov-ernance, all is lost; and all the efforts by our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.013 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE920 June 26, 2018 
Republican friends to cut taxes for millionaires and multinational corporations, explode the deficit, and punish working families will avail us of nothing but ‘the tinkling of cymbals and the sounding of brass.’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF STERLING HEIGHTS, MICHIGAN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the City of Sterling Heights, Michigan, as it celebrates the 50th Anniversary of its founding. It is a privilege to represent the city, and I am honored to be attending the anniver-sary celebration on June 28th. During the mid-1950s, the booming auto in-dustry in Michigan led the Big 3 automakers to build new auto plants outside of the City of Detroit. The Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Corporation settled into what was then Sterling Township. Following this tremen-dous growth, auto workers relocated with their families to the township. After an initial effort to create a city charter fell short in 1966, a new charter commission favoring a City Management government was formed in 1968. On May 25, 1968, voters overwhelmingly passed the new city manage-ment charter, and the City of Sterling Heights was officially incorporated as a municipality on July 1, 1968. Today, Sterling Heights is the fourth largest city in Michigan, and has much to offer for both its residents and the surrounding commu-nities. Sterling Heights is home to vibrant parks, including the newly renovated Dodge Park, where the anniversary celebration will be held, strong public schools, and a quality of life which has helped lead to its impressive population growth over the last several dec-ades. Sterling Heights has long been a leader in celebrating diversity and inclusion. The City was one of the first ‘‘Welcoming Cities’’ in Macomb County, and has welcomed immi-grants and refugees since its founding. The city hosts the American Polish Festival, to cel-ebrate Sterling Heights rich Polish-American history. Sterling Heights is also home to rap-idly-growing population of Iraqi Christians, known as Chaldeans, leading to the recent opening of a major Chaldean Community Cen-ter in the city. Over the years I have had the privilege of attending the Sterling Heights Cul-tural Exchange dinner and numerous other events celebrating the diversity of the City. Economic opportunity in Sterling Heights has been driven by a wide variety of indus-tries, including auto, manufacturing, and de-fense. Fiat-Chrysler Sterling Heights Assembly Plant, the Fiat-Chrysler Stamping Plant, the Ford Van Dyke Transmission Plant, and the Ford Axle Plant employ thousands of skilled workers and help to anchor a strong manufac-turing sector in the City. The Sterling Heights Regional Chamber of Commerce & Industry has become a leading business organization in Macomb County with more than 1,600 members. I am also proud to have been able to assist in appropriating more than 700,000 dollars in federal funding for the Macomb-Oak-land University Incubator. The Macomb-OU In-cubator in Sterling Heights supports economic development in the city, and more broadly in Southeast Michigan, by accelerating high-tech businesses and by encouraging innovation and research and development. On June 28, 2018, residents and leaders will gather to celebrate the past, present, and future of this great community, which was founded 50 years ago. As the City of Sterling Heights commemorates this milestone, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the leaders, residents, churches, businesses, and organizations that make this city so great. And I especially want to thank the residents of Sterling Heights who have provided me with the honor of representing them in Congress. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICHARD HARRISON AND HIS SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Richard Harrison, the patri-arch of the History Channel reality show ‘‘Pawn Stars.’’ Richard grew up in Lexington, North Caro-lina and joined the U.S. Navy shortly after graduating high school. He married, had four children, and eventually opened a small pawn shop in Las Vegas after 20 years in the Navy. At Gold and Silver Pawn Shop, Richard proudly operated the only family-owned pawn shop in Las Vegas. The store was not just a way to run a business, but also a way for Richard to influence those he worked with. He taught many folks the value of hard work, the importance of family, and the gift of humor. I admire the contributions Richard made to this great nation of ours and honor this David-son County native. His knack for hard work has clearly resonated with his son, Rick, and grandson, Corey. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring the life of Richard Harrison. 
f 
MEDAL OF HONOR AWARDED TO FIRST LIEUTENANT GARLIN M. CONNER OF CLINTON COUNTY, KENTUCKY 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, today is a mo-mentous occasion for the family of a beloved Clinton County, Kentucky native and American hero, First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. First Lieutenant Conner enlisted in the Army on March 1, 1941 and was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infan-try Division. He served on the front lines of ten campaigns, was injured seven times, and re-ceived a battlefield commission. While recov-ering from a serious hip wound at a field hos-pital in France, First Lieutenant Conner volun-tarily left the hospital to rejoin his unit as Ger-many launched the brutal Operation Northwind to challenge the advancing Allied forces in the final months of World War II. On January 24, 1945, First Lieutenant Conner ran ahead of the defending force—in the face of intense enemy fire—to attain a bet-ter position to call in artillery strikes on six hundred advancing enemy soldiers during a three-hour onslaught. At times, he even called in artillery on his own position. His bravery that day not only distinguished him as an in-trepid, selfless patriot, but also saved the lives of his unit. In acknowledgment of First Lieutenant Conner’s exceptional valor, President Donald J. Trump presented a posthumous Medal of Honor, our nation’s highest military distinction, to his wife, Pauline Conner, in a ceremony at the White House today. The Medal of Honor commemorates the ex-traordinary sacrifice and bravery of American heroes like First Lieutenant Conner. Today, I join this Clinton County native’s family and friends in celebrating his legacy and honoring his noble service to our nation. f 
HONORING LOUIS AND JUDITH COSTA 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Louis and Judith Costa on fifty years of marriage. The Costas were married on July 27, 1968 and built a life together in Provi-dence, Rhode Island. Lou served his country proudly as an origi-nal member of U.S. Navy SEAL Team 2. He is a decorated combat veteran who served honorably in Vietnam, as well as serving as a Navy submariner. After his military service, Lou had a career as an electrician. Judy graduated from the University of Rhode Island, and later earned her Master’s degree at Brown. She went on to become a high school chemistry teacher. Over the years, Judy has remained very active in her church. Her time as a lector, volunteer, and her serv-ice to the unborn is a testament to her faith. Family has been the central, unwavering pil-lar to Louis and Judith’s marriage. Together, they raised seven children: Louis, Jason, Jen-nifer, Aaron, Michael, Timothy, and Jessica. They are the proud grandparents of eight grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, strong families build strong communities. I am proud to rise today and recognize Louis and Judith Costa for their commitment to their faith, country, and family. They have set a wonderful example for our communities across the country, and I extend my most sincere congratulations on their fifty years of marriage. 
f 
THE CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 435, the Credit Access and Inclusion Act of 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.014 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE921 June 26, 2018 
This bill expands credit access to millions of Americans by amending the Fair Credit Re-porting Act with respect to reporting positive consumer credit information to consumer re-porting agencies. H.R. 435 will help millions more low-income and minority households access credit by changing how Americans’ financial information is reported to credit rating agencies. This means that millions of Americans who previously could not access a lower-cost loan, cheaper car payments, or better rent for their apartment will be able to do so. The passage of the Credit Access and In-clusion Act has the potential to bring a sub-stantial number of people into the credit main-stream, particularly low-income families and households of color. Many families in this country will benefit from the opportunity to build strong credit, a cornerstone of financial security, that this bill makes possible. The absence of a credit history remains a significant barrier for households seeking safe and affordable credit products, rental housing, and jobs. This bill begins to level the playing field. Although the positive payments from non-traditional credit sources do not show up on their credit reports, derogatory data does so through the collections process. Without the ability to build a credit history with those positive payments, millions of Americans continue to lose opportunities to get and stay ahead in our economy today. This bill removes a major barrier to credit reporting proven payment data. When reported to nationwide credit bureaus, this data will ultimately help working Ameri-cans, younger and elderly Americans, and im-migrants build or restore a good credit history in order to build assets and wealth, as well as enable financial security. The Credit Access and Inclusion Act, a bi-partisan bill, will allow utility and telecom com-panies and landlords to report on-time pay-ment data to credit reporting agencies, helping those with little to no credit build their credit scores based on a full picture of their payment history. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 435, the Credit Access and Inclusion Act of 2017, to ensure credit access to millions of new low-income and minority households. 
f 
HONORING MERCED COUNTY ALL DADS MATTER 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor All Dads Matter of Merced County. Ad-ministered through the Merced County Human Services Agency, All Dads Matter takes a proactive approach to social services by en-couraging fathers to be active in the lives of their children through support programs and educational efforts. Since its inception 13 years ago, All Dads Matter has provided re-sources to new fathers to create healthy and cohesive families. Research shows that children with engaged fathers or father figures have higher chances of positive developmental, social, and aca-demic outcomes. All Dads Matter partners with stakeholders in education, healthcare, and other social services to create programs to meet specific family needs. Through its boot camp for new dads, men’s support groups, and various workshops, All Dads Matter gives men the tools to act as positive role models for their children. It also helps dads overcome challenges, such as understanding the rela-tional needs and socialization processes of fa-therhood, and seeks to give men the con-fidence to advocate for their families. All Dads Matter has received accolades for its efforts to support fathers and is an out-standing example of how to serve families in America’s rural communities. It has received awards and recognitions from Harvard Univer-sity’s School for Human Services, the Cali-fornia Association of Counties, and the Cali-fornia State Department of Child Support. Such honors highlight the vital role that All Dads Matter plays in building stronger family units. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring All Dads Matter by recognizing the positive work they do for Merced County fa-thers. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor them on the eve of the Fatherhood Summit in Merced. I wish them, as well as the Merced County Human Services Agency, the best as they continue to strengthen our com-munity through building strong families. f 
COMMENDATION OF COL. JAMES G. PANGELINAN 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, one of the rea-sons I have worked to increase the number of young people from the Mariana Islands who can attend the U.S. military academies is be-cause I believe the Marianas offers a wealth of talent that can add to the strength of our military. A case in point is West Point graduate James G. Pangelinan, who just hit 22 years of active duty service on June 1 and who grad-uated from the Army War College on June 8 with a master of arts in strategic studies and distinguished graduate honors. At the same time Pangelinan was promoted to the rank of colonel, the first person from the Marianas to achieve that rank in the U.S. Army. In fact, he is also the first person from the Marianas to graduate from West Point and, I understand, the first from our islands to graduate from the Army War College. I would like to review COL Pangelinan’s dis-tinguished career to date. Upon graduation from West Point with a bachelor of science degree in English literature and philosophy, he received his commission and began service. According to information from the U.S. Army, Pangelinan first was assigned as a rifle pla-toon leader and company executive officer in the 1st Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment at Fort Lewis, Washington from 1997 to 99. He next served as an assistant operations officer with the Ranger Training Brigade at Fort Benning, Georgia from 2000 to 02. While as-signed to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii from 2002 to 06, he served as a brigade and bat-talion assistant operations officer, commanded a rifle company in the 1st Battalion, 14th In-fantry Regiment, and deployed to Iraq in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom. From 2006 to 08, Pangelinan was an Oppo-sition Forces commander with the Battle Com-mand Training Program at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He deployed to Afghanistan, serving as a strategist in the NATO Training Mission Afghanistan in Kabul. From 2011 to 13, he served as the battalion executive officer of the 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, Fort Carson, Colorado and deployed to Afghani-stan in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom. From 2013 to 14, Pangelinan served as the Brigade Rear Detachment commander of the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infan-try Division. He commanded the 2nd Battalion, 58th Infantry Regiment at Fort Benning from 2014 to 16. Following battalion command, COL Pangelinan served on the Army Staff in the G–3/5/7 where he was responsible for the publication and execution of the Army Cam-paign Plan 2017. Throughout this tim Pangelinan continued his academic pursuits, earning a master of military art and science from the School of Ad-vanced Military Studies and a Master of Arts in Security Studies from Kansas State Univer-sity both in 2010. Pangelinan’s awards and decorations in-clude the Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Army Achieve-ment Medal, Ranger Tab, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Pathfinder Badge, Combat Infantryman Badge, and Expert Infantryman Badge. He is the son of Dulce Pangelinan and Ed-ward D.L.G. Pangelinan, who was the lead ne-gotiator of the Covenant to Establish a Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of Amer-ica and who was the first person elected to represent the Marianas here in Washington. COL Pangelinan begins a two-year stint in the Republic of Korea on the staff of US Forces Korea in July to continue a career his family and the Mariana Islands can all be proud of. I salute COL James G. Pangelinan for his many achievements and thank him for his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in acknowledgement of Gun Vio-lence Awareness Month. The rising tide of gun violence continues to claim far too many lives. On an average day in America, 96 people are killed with guns, and over 180 are injured. Too many Americans no longer feel safe in their schools, places of business, and homes. From Santa Fe to Parkland, to Huffman High School in my home district in Birmingham, children are losing their lives due to gun violence. No parent should have to worry about the safety oftheir child while in school. I would like to take this time to remember those who lost their lives due to gun violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.019 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE922 June 26, 2018 
in our communities. While we grieve for those we lost and pray for their families, we must work together to prevent future gun violence atrocities. While I am a proponent of the Second Amendment, we can no longer accept the sta-tus quo. With each mass shooting, a call to action comes and goes until the next shooting occurs. We are beyond the point of waiting. It is time for Congress to act. I urge my col-leagues to take up gun safety measures that will protect our families and our communities. We cannot continue to mourn these tragedies without doing all we can to prevent them. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. wrote, ‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ The injustice of gun violence affects each of our constituents and communities. Mr. Speak-er, now is the time to set aside party politics and work together in the best interests of our nation to reduce gun violence. 
f 
THE LIFE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF CARMINE SPINELLI 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and contributions of Mr. Carmine Spinelli, a native of Borough of Rari-tan, Somerset County, New Jersey who achieved an extraordinary record of leadership during his four decades of service to our great United States Army. His path to making enduring contributions to our national security was apparently estab-lished by his father, an immigrant factory worker with a fifth grade education, who en-couraged his son to pursue engineering as a profession. Based on that advice, young Car-mine found himself in Indiana pursuing studies at Purdue University. Armed with a degree in metallurgical engi-neering, Carmine started an entry-level posi-tion at Picatinny Arsenal in Rockaway Town-ship back in his home state in 1958. He never left. He earned promotion after promotion until he reached the top research job at Picatinny. As Technical Director of the Armaments Re-search and Development Engineering Center (ARDEC), a member of the Senior Executive Service, he managed an annual budget of more than $600 million and a technical staff of over 2000 scientists and engineers and an-other 2000 support personnel. At ARDEC, his enduring contributions include the areas of ar-mament and systems engineering, innovation, life cycle engineering, acquisition strategy, and national and international policy. During his distinguished career at ARDEC, Carmine led teams responsible for all varieties of weaponry, from small bullets shot from pis-tols and rifles to tank ammunition and artillery systems. An early advocate of modeling, sim-ulation, and prototyping, he helped usher in an era of ‘‘smart ammunitions’’ with pinpoint ac-curacy to help save lives throughout the world. His was an impressive record of accom-plishment. Among his government awards: Army Decoration for Exceptional Civilian Serv-ice Award (1998, 1990); Presidential Rank Meritorious Award (1996); Department of De-fense Distinguished Civilian Service Award (1995); SES Performance Award (1994,1993, 1992) NDIA Firepower Award (1988); Army Meritorious Civilian Service Award (1987, 1982); Honorable Order of Saint Barbara (1987), Technical Director’s Award— ARRADCOM (1981), Army Research and De-velopment Award (1965) and many Merit Per-formance Awards. Since my election to Congress in 1994, I have been proud to work side-by-side with Carmine to advance the work conducted at Picatinny Arsenal—the Joint Center of Excel-lence for Armaments. As noted, he received many awards and honors for his efforts on bombs, bullets and more potent weapons sys-tems. However, I believe he would not dispute that his greatest work was done in the area of human resources. His innovative and creative hiring practices led to the hiring and develop-ment of a whole new generation of highly skilled and talented armament engineers— men and women who today are ensuring that our joint warfighters have the tools and sys-tems they need to meet every emerging threat on the battlefield. As Carmine liked to remind us, ‘‘every warfighter deploying to Iraq or Af-ghanistan or some other global ‘hot spot’ car-ried a bit of Picatinny with them.’’ After his formal service at Picatinny ended, Carmine Spinelli still labored every day to boost the Arsenal, the Army and veterans across our State in various capacities, includ-ing as the unsung Chairman of the New Jer-sey Council on Armed Forces and Veteran’s Affairs, which advocates for all of the State’s military installations and missions. Carmine Spinelli leaves behind a loving family. He is survived by his wife, Roseanne, son, David and daughter, Dina. We grieve along with them and hold them close in our thoughts and prayers. While he was my constituent for a few short years, he has always been my friend. Carmine Spinelli will be sorely missed in his hometown of Raritan and in the many communities out-side the Cannon Gates at Picatinny Arsenal. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL JOSEPH M. MURRAY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Colonel Joseph M. Murray for his service as Commander at Marine Corps Base Quantico. Colonel Murray has served as Com-mander at Marine Corps Base Quantico since the summer of 2015, during which time he has provided extensive support and leadership for the Quantico community. Colonel Murray was born and raised in Washington, D.C., graduating from Gonzaga College High School in the District. He has long been dedicated to serving our great Na-tion, as he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps following his graduation from Ohio Wesleyan University. Since commissioning, he has held many operational assignments, including tours with 2nd Marine Division Camp Lejeune, North Carolina with 2nd Assault Amphibian Battalion, 1st BN 2nd Marines, and 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion. He also served as the Deputy G–3, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, and commanded 2nd Supply Battalion during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Serving as Com-mander of Marine Corps Base Quantico is the newest adornment to his extensive list of mili-tary accomplishments, and I am extremely grateful for Colonel Murray’s service to Marine Corps Base Quantico and our great Nation. I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with Colonel Murray on several dif-ferent occasions on behalf of our men and women in uniform residing in Virginia’s First Congressional District. I extend my best wish-es to Colonel Joseph M. Murray as his Change of Command approaches and he em-barks on his next journey with the Marine Corps. He has proven a phenomenal leader, and I am certain that he will continue to lead with the confidence and commitment he has shown as Commander of Marine Corps Base Quantico as Ftinues his career as a Marine. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me as we congratulate Colonel Joseph M. Murray’s service to Marine Corps Base Quantico. f 
SECURING PUBLIC AREAS OF TRANSPORTATOIN FACILITIES ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5766, the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the House Homeland Security Committee and former chair of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I am well aware of the importance of our nation’s transportation system. H.R. 5766, the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018, works to improve the security of public areas of trans-portation facilities. Our Nation’s vital transportation facilities must be protected. A safe, well-functioning transportation sys-tem is critical to the Nation’s prosperity. Whether it is by road, transit, aviation, rail, or waterway, we rely on our transportation system to move people and goods safely, fa-cilitate commerce, attract and retain busi-nesses, and support jobs. Everyday millions of Americans travel through airports, train stations, bus terminals, and ports. Over 2 million travelers per day passed through U.S. airports in 2017. In Houston, George Bush Intercontinental Airport and William P. Hobby Airport served a combined total of over 54 million passengers in 2017. George Bush Intercontinental Airport is the 14th busiest airport in the United States. These airports are essential hubs for do-mestic and international air travel for Houston and the surrounding region. It is critically important that their safety is assured. After the September 11, 2001 attacks, the Aviation Transportation Security Act (ATSA, P.L. 107–71) was enacted and established the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). TSA is responsible for securing the Nation’s transportation systems—both aviation and sur-face transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.022 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE923 June 26, 2018 
Since the creation of the TSA, the tech-nologies utilized at checkpoints and the mech-anisms used to acquire them have changed very little. Given issues from prior Congresses, includ-ing the wait time crises and covert testing fail-ures, there are renewed pushes by stake-holders to have TSA continue in a more pro-gressive direction in terms of security policies and technologies and the manner in which these technologies are procured. The volume of work that the TSA must ac-complish is growing each year and so are the threats they must face. In 2017, over 750 million passengers were screened by the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. In 2017, a record setting 3,957, firearms were discovered in carry-on bags at check-points across the country, averaging 76 fire-arms per week or over 10 per day. 84 percent of those firearms were loaded. This represents over a 16 percent increase in firearm discoveries from 2016. George Bush Intercontinental Airport had 142 firearms discovered in 2017. It is time for us to take action to secure our vital transportation facilities. H.R. 5766, the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018, directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to estab-lish a working group to promote collaborative engagement between the Department of Homeland Security and public and private sec-tor stakeholders to develop recommendations for enhancing security in public areas of trans-portation facilities. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to inter-vene. The Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018 is a necessary step to-wards securing our transportation system. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5766, the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018, to pro-tect the safety of our citizens. 
f 
HONORING PINI ACE HARDWARE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th Anniversary of Pini Ace Hardware, which has served the City of Novato and greater Marin County since 1918, enduring through disasters, including a large fire in 1944, and major world events such as World War I, World War II, and the Great De-pression. Founded by Henri Pini, who immigrated from Switzerland in 1906, Pini Hardware start-ed out as a small grocery store, selling dry goods and produce. Over the years, the store relocated and expanded to respond to the changing demands of the growing community, and was sold by the Pini family after Henri passed away. Currently owned by Tom, Russel, and David Young, not only is Pini Hardware celebrating 100 years of business this year, but also 50 years of Young family ownership. Well-known for outstanding customer serv-ice, Pini Ace Hardware is praised by shoppers for its old-fashioned and community-oriented approach, and for its enduring community service. The store regularly sponsors school sports teams, hosts monthly Kid Club events, and participates in local events such as the Downtown Novato Tree Lighting and Scream on the Green as well as in Novato’s Fourth of July parade with the Pini Plunger Brigade. As a member of the Novato Chamber of Com-merce, Pini Hardware is a shining example of the Chamber’s mission of ‘‘Building Business, Building Community.’’ Mr. Speaker, after a century of outstanding customer and community service, Pini Ace Hardware’s legacy to Novato and Marin Coun-ty is immeasurable, and I wish them another 100 years of success. It is therefore appro-priate to honor Pini Ace Hardware on this mo-mentous occasion. f 
HONORNING THE CAREER OF THOMAS BLANCHARD, JR. 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Blanchard whose knowledge and passion for the water led to a career of accomplishments as an urban and waterfront developer, as well as a tireless ad-vocate promoting the limitless opportunities for preservation, recreation and tourism along the Erie Canal National Heritage Corridor. Tom’s professional re´sume´began in the state of Virginia as Economic Development Planner for the City of Norfolk, Model Cities Program in the early 1970’s. He would go on to become Executive Director of the City of Portsmouth Community Action Organization and Director of the Department of Develop-ment for the City of Norfolk. As City of Norfolk Director of Development, Tom was directly involved in the acquisition and redevelopment of several key parcels of land, mostly along the waterfront, that led to revitalization and reuse from beach front resi-dential to deep draft channel ship and barge terminals. As Executive Director of the Norfolk Recreational Facilities Authority, he managed the concept development and feasibility for NAUTICUS, The National Maritime Center, a $52 million waterfront themed attraction which opened in 1994. After serving as Executive Vice President of the Greater Norfolk Corporation from 1985 to 1989, he was recruited to New York State and my hometown of Buffalo as the executive di-rector of Erie County’s Horizons Waterfront Commission. It was said of Tom that his se-lection represented a quantum leap forward. He moved forward as well when the work of the Commission was merged into Empire State Development Corporation in 1995. His appointment as Director of Research and Planning for the Western New York Region continued his leadership role in planning, pre-senting and pushing for approvals to construct the Erie Canal Harbor project in downtown Buffalo and various projects in downtown Ni-agara Falls. His familiarity with the historical significance of the Erie Canal, an engineering marvel that has been in operation since 1825, made Tom Blanchard an inspired appointment to the Erie Canalway National Heritage Corridor Commis-sion. As has been stated, ‘‘the federally-ap-pointed Erie Canalway Commission, created by Congress in 2000, is tasked with managing activities of the National Heritage Corridor with financial support and technical assistance through the National Park Service. This new kind of national park called for a new kind of private-public partnership to bol-ster and strengthen the implementation of the Corridor’s award-winning Preservation and Management Plan. And once again, Tom stepped up in 2010 as the first Chair of the Erie Canalway Heritage Fund, a nonprofit that assists in carrying out the work of the Com-mission by securing additional private and public resources to preserve its historical sig-nificance and bolster its $300 million impact on the region. Tom’s career has been characterized by ex-cellence, as shown through the honors he has received; he is a member of the Omega Delta Epsilon Honorary Economics Society, an Old Dominion University School of Business and Economics Distinguished Alumni, and received the Edward de Luca Lifetime Achievement Award for Professional Excellence in Eco-nomic Development in 2001. His volunteer service on both land and sea extended beyond the Erie Canalway National Heritage Corridor Commission to include a stint as chair of the National Council for Urban Economic Development, Norfolk Opportunities Industrialization Center and as Past Com-modore of the Buffalo Yacht Club. An avid sailor, Tom also holds a U.S. Coast Guard Master Mariner Credential for 50-ton vessels operating in the Great Lakes and U.S. Inland Waters. Volunteerism extends to his wife Paula as well as they have teamed up with a dedicated committee to bring the largest concentration of tall ships to visit the Queen City in decades. Seven traditional rigsailing vessels are ex-pected to highlight July 4, 2019 celebrations along our vibrant waterfront as ‘‘Port of Call: Buffalo’’ will serve as a visible link to Buffalo’s rich maritime past. For almost fifty years, Tom Blanchard has been a visible link connecting past and present along the water’s edge for the benefit of residents and visitors and we thank him for his expertise, unwavering commitment and service to his community. Mr. Speaker, as the Erie Canalway National Heritage Corridor Commission and Erie Canalway Heritage Fund Board of Directors meet at One Canalside in Buffalo on June 27, 2018, let me add my appreciation for their on-going good work and join with them in ac-knowledging the significant contributions of Thomas Blanchard, Jr. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2018 I was not able to participate in the 6:30 pm vote series. If I were present, I would have voted: ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 289, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 290. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.025 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE924 June 26, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on June 25th and 26th of 2018, I was inescapably detained handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted YES on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass H.R. 299, YES on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5783, NO on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 961, NO on H. Res. 961, YES on final passage of H.R. 4294, YES on final passage of H.R. 2083 , and YES on final passage of H.R. 5841. 
f 
HONORING DR. DELORES JACOBS 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Delores Jacobs for her outstanding career spent dedicated to empowering local San Diego LGBT community members, as well as her inspirational drive to impact public policy. These policies encourage the improve-ment and preservation of the LGBT commu-nity and allies. Dr. Jacobs launched her momentous career in 1998 when she began serving at The San Diego LGBT Community Center, ‘‘The Cen-ter,’’ as the Director of Behavioral Health Serv-ices. In 2001, she was selected as the Chief Executive Officer of The Center and served this position until June 30, 2018. Thanks to her strong leadership and far-reaching efforts, this facility is now recognized as one of the nation’s oldest and largest LGBT Centers, as it now offers over 60,000 services to 25,000 people annually. Throughout her career of 20 years spent at The Center, Dr. Jacobs’ efforts led to the de-velopment of progressive, one-of-a-kind pro-grams; Dr. Jacobs assisted in creating the Hill-crest Youth Center, the country’s first Latino services department at an LGBT center, as well as the establishment of the 23-unit Sun-burst Youth Housing program, which seeks to provide aid for formerly homeless LGBT youth. Dr. Jacobs’ mission did not stop at commu-nity involvement, she also sought to impact public policy through the establishment of The Center’s Get Out The Vote (GOTV) organiza-tion, as well as leading the charge towards the defeat of California’s unjust state constitutional amendment, Proposition 8, that banned same- sex marriage. Dr. Jacobs’ proven dedication and leader-ship has not gone unnoticed, and she remains an inspiration to us all. Delores was chosen as the inaugural recipient of the, ‘‘Local Heroes’’ Award from KPBS and Union Bank, as well as the LEAD San Diego’s Visionary Award for Di-versity and the Equality Leadership Award from Equality California. On behalf of California’s 51st Congressional District, I would like to formally extend my sin-cere congratulations to Dr. Jacobs on her re-tirement and career of effecting change for a marginalized community, I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING MATTHEW KORTEN 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERESEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to wish Matthew Korten a happy 60th birthday today. Matt was born in the Bronx on June 26, 1958. At a very young age he always pas-sionate for sports, politics, and helping others. Matt attended SUNY Brockport in 1976 where he studied Psychology while also participating on the Men’s Track Team. He then graduated with his Masters in Experimental Psychology at Villanova University in 1982. Since moving to East Brunswick in the late 1980s with his wife Marci, Matt has been an active and all-around member of the commu-nity by volunteering as a Transportation & Commuter Advocate, a Trustee of Temple B’nai Shalom, President of the Recreation & Parks Advisory Board, co-founder and Presi-dent of the Fast Break Basketball Association, Inc. and on the community Development Block Grant Citizen’s Advisory Committee. Matt’s commitment to the East Brunswick has been consistently recognized by his neighbors, who have elected him as Committeeman for East Brunswick’s 36th Voting District since the early 1990s; and in 2009, East Brunswick’s gov-erning board appointed him to serve the re-mainder of the year on the Township Council. Matt has given 30 years working toward im-proving the quality of life in the community and has proudly represented East Brunswick in all the work he has done—he truly represents the ideals of a great public servant and community leader. Along with his wife, Matt has three sons, Dan, Brad, and Grant. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Matt Korten on his birthday and to thank him for his amazing service to his community and others. 
f 
THE RETIREMENT OF MARTIN ‘‘MARTY’’ RENDON 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my thanks and to honor Martin ‘‘Marty’’ Rendon on the occasion of his retirement from UNICEF USA, where he worked for 25 years as Vice President for Public Policy and Advo-cacy. In this capacity, Marty worked with me and with my staff to advance a wide range of funding and policy measures that have im-proved the lives of vulnerable children around the world, focusing particularly on global child health and child survival. Marty has also been an invaluable resource to the work my col-leagues and I do through the House Global Health Caucus. While many of us may know him best from his advocacy work, prior to working at UNICEF, Marty had a 25-year career on Cap-itol Hill working on child survival and human rights issues. Marty worked with four Members of Congress, including 14 years of service to former Congressman Tony P. Hall (D–Ohio), where he helped implement the child health revolution in U.S. foreign policy and was on the ground floor of the 1986 bipartisan Con-gressional initiative for child survival funding. He capped his career on Capitol Hill as Staff Director of the House Select Committee on Hunger. A well-known leader on a wide range of global health and human rights initiatives, Marty was invited to attend the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in 1996 for his work on East Timor (Timor Leste). Marty’s work on the Hill and at UNICEF has literally saved the lives of millions of children. Members of Congress and the organizations working on global health constitute a close-knit community, of which Marty has been a leading voice and champion for 50 years. We thank him for his service, for the efforts he has made for the least among us, and for his per-sistent advocacy. We wish him well as he con-tinues with the next chapter of his life. f 
NAFTA AND THE IMPORTANCE OF TRADE TO ALABAMA’S ECONOMY 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to address the Trump Administration’s renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. NAFTA, which governs trade between the U.S., Can-ada, and Mexico, has a substantial impact Alabama farmers, workers, industry, and con-sumers. Over 173,000 Alabama jobs are dependent on NAFTA, with the state exporting over $7.7 billion in goods and services to Canada and Mexico. Canada is Alabama’s largest export market and Mexico is the state’s 4th largest. If the Trump administration withdrew from NAFTA, as they have threatened to do, Ala-bama’s economy would suffer. Americans would lose their jobs, supply chains would be disrupted, and we would see a severe eco-nomic downturn. Moreover, I am strongly opposed to the many radical proposals being pushed by the Trump Administration, such as the five-year sunset provision and the auto rules of origin proposal. A five-year sunset clause would deter long-term investment and promote un-certainty, effectively weakening the entire agreement. Also, increasing the auto rules of origin threshold requiring more auto parts to originate in the U.S. would hurt the competi-tiveness of the largest automotive manufactur-ers in my district. These facilities, including Mercedes and Hyundai, provide Alabamians with quality, high paying jobs that that my dis-trict cannot afford to lose. What we need is a free and fair modernized NAFTA that includes provisions like a digital trade chapter and updated intellectual property rights protections. It is time this administration focused on negotiating with our Canadian and Mexican allies to improve the agreement for all three countries so that we can expand mar-kets and grow America’s economy. I strongly urge the Trump Administration to stop threatening withdrawal from NAFTA, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.029 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE925 June 26, 2018 
I hope that the United States Trade Rep-resentative will focus on modernizing the agreement instead of pushing radical pro-posals that would hurt Alabamians. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, on Friday June 22, 2018, I was unable to vote on ‘‘Roll Call No. 287: Motion to Reconsider H.R. 6 ‘‘SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. In ad-dition, I was also unable to vote on Roll Call No. 288: Final Passage of H.R. 6 ‘‘SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JN8.033 E26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D733 Tuesday, June 26, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4379–S4458 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 3132–3143.
                      Page S4410 
Measures Passed: Authenticating Local Emergencies and Real Threats Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 2385, to establish best practices for State, tribal, and local governments participating in the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4456–58 
Daines (for Schatz) Amendment No. 3212, of a perfecting nature.
                                                       Page S4456 
Measures Considered: Agriculture and Nutrition Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023.
                       Pages S4382–85, S4385–S4458 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, June 27, 2018; with all post-cloture time being expired.
                        Page S4458 
Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwith-standing the passage of H.R. 5895, making appro-priations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and the adoption of Shelby Amendment No. 2910, to the bill, previously agreed to Amend-ment No. 2920 and Amendment No. 2999, be con-sidered as having been agreed to following the adop-tion of Amendment No. 3066, and that the instruc-tion line for Amendment No. 2920 be modified with the changes at the desk.
                             Page S4458 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4400–01 Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4401 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4401 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4401–02 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S4402 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4402–10 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4410–12 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                         Pages S4398–S4400 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4412–56 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4456 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4456 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:12 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, June 27, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4458.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense approved for full committee consid-eration an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill making ap-propriations for the Department of Labor, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Department of Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Stephen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD734 June 26, 2018 
Commander, United States Transportation Com-mand, Department of Defense, after the nominee tes-tified and answered questions in his own behalf. ACCESS TO CAPITAL Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine legisla-tive proposals to increase access to capital, including S. 588, to require the Securities and Exchange Com-mission to clarify what constitutes a general solicita-tion under the Federal securities laws, S. 1117, to protect the investment choices of investors in the United States, S. 2126, to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements, S. 2347, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing the waters and confidential draft registration submis-sions, S. 2765, to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to exempt investment advisers who solely advise certain rural business investment com-panies, and S. 3004, to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to exclude privately held, non-custody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from certain requirements under title I of that Act, after receiving testimony from Raymond J. Keating, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, Vi-enna, Virginia; Mercer E. Bullard, University of Mis-sissippi School of Law, Oxford; and Christopher H. Daniel, Government Finance Officers Association, Albuquerque, New Mexico. NOMINATIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, who was introduced by Senator Barrasso, Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Response), and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy), all of the Depart-ment of Energy, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. PRESCRIPTION DRUG AFFORDABILITY AND INNOVATION Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine prescription drug affordability and inno-vation, focusing on addressing challenges in today’s market, after receiving testimony from Alex M. Azar II, Secretary of Health and Human Services. U.S. POLICY IN EUROPE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a hearing to examine United States policy in Europe, after receiving testimony from A. Wess Mitchell, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 1158, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to such crises, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2463, to establish the United States Inter-national Development Finance Corporation, with an amendment; H.R. 3776, to support United States international cyber diplomacy, with an amendment; and The nominations of Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador, Robin S. Bernstein, of Flor-ida, to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic, Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea, Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and To-bago, Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Poland, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Representative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Am-bassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, Cherith Nor-man Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State, and rou-tine lists in the Foreign Service. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D735 June 26, 2018 
S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Re-search Expansion and Education for Mothers who de-liver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 808, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; An original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act; and The nominations of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education, and John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Survivors’ Bill of Rights, fo-cusing on implementation and next steps, after re-ceiving testimony from Howard Spivak, Principal Deputy Director, National Institute of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Department of Justice; Amanda Nguyen, Rise, Washington, D.C.; and Terry Crews, Beverly Hills, California. PROTECTING OUR ELECTIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concluded a hearing to examine pro-tecting our elections, focusing on examining shell companies and virtual currencies as avenues for for-eign interference, including S. 2939, to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the establish-ment of a corporation to conceal election contribu-tions and donations by foreign nationals, and S. 1989, to enhance transparency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose infor-mation about the advertisements to the public, after receiving testimony from David Murray, Financial Integrity Network, Scott Dueweke, The Identity and Payments Association, and Sheila Krumholz, Center for Responsive Politics, all of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019’’. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R.6219–6235, and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 963 and H. Res. 966–969, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5748–49 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5749–50 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5841, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–784, Part 1); H. Res. 964, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–785); and H. Res. 965, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to pro-vide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–786).                                                              Pages H5747–48 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thompson (PA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5651 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:45 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H5656 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dan Spexarth, St. Cath-erine of Siena Parish, Wichita, Kansas.
         Page H5666 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H5666 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD736 June 26, 2018 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the proceedings during the former Members program be printed in the Congres-sional Record and that all Members and former Members who spoke during the proceedings have the privilege of revising and extending their remarks. 
                                                                                            Page H5668 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Monday, June 25th. Prevention of Private Information Dissemina-tion Act: H.R. 4294, amended, to amend the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal pen-alty for unauthorized disclosures of certain individ-ually identifiable information by officers or employ-ees of a Federal department or agency, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 293. 
                                                                                    Pages H5673–74 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures by of-ficers or employees of a Federal agency of certain liv-ing will and stress test determinations.’’.
     Page H5674 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 963, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
        Page H5674 
Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Pre-vention Act: The House passed H.R. 2083, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, by a yea-and-nay vote of 288 yeas to 116 nays, Roll No. 294. 
                                                                                            Page H5705 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To allow for the taking of pinnipeds on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threat-ened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish spe-cies.’’.
                                                                               Page H5705 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–79.
                       Page H5703 
Agreed to: Kilmer amendment (No. 1 printed in Part B of H. Rept. 115–783) that limits the application of this bill to only sea lions, rather than all pinnipeds; and
                                                                                    Page H5704 
Vargas amendment (No. 3 printed in Part B of H. Rept. 115–783), as modified, that mandates that the Secretary of the Interior produce a report to Congress on the potential impact of the lethal taking of Cali-fornia Sea Lions on the recovery of Salmonid stocks. 
                                                                                    Pages H5704–05 H. Res. 961, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6157) and (H.R. 2083) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 222 ayes to 172 noes, Roll No. 292, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 172 nays, Roll No. 291. Pursuant to Sec. 5 of H. Res. 961, House Resolution 952 is laid on the table.
        Pages H5672–73 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018: H.R. 5841, amended, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 400 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 295.
                                                                          Pages H5705–06 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 2083, the Clerk be authorized to make technical correc-tions and conforming changes to the bill including the changes placed at the desk.
                          Page H5706 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019: The House considered H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Consider-ation is expected to resume tomorrow, June 27th. 
                                                                                    Pages H5706–47 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–77 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole.
                                                                            Page H5668 
Agreed to: Jackson Lee amendment (No. 1 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that allocates $2 million to provide the Secretary of Defense the flexibility need-ed for technical assistance for U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating vio-lence targeting women and children as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics traf-ficking;
                                                                    Pages H5738–39 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 2 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases the STARBASE fifth grade youth STEM education program found in Operations and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, Civil Military Programs by $5 million, and to reduce Op-erations and Maintenance, Army, Other Servicewide Activities by the offsetting amount;
                Page H5739 
Napolitano amendment (No. 4 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases funding for the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program by $6 million to match the program’s 2018 funding of $180 million;
                                                      Pages H5739–40 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D737 June 26, 2018 
McGovern amendment (No. 5 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that provides the Department of Defense with $250,000 for administrative ex-penses for purposes of creating a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (Atomic Veterans); atomic Veterans are determined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, in the United States Code;
                                                                        Pages H5740–41 
Allen amendment (No. 6 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that transfers $10,000,000 to the Defense POW/Missing Persons Office to assist in identifying unclaimed remains missing since the Ko-rean conflict;
                                                        Pages H5741–42 
McSally amendment (No. 7 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases A–10 wing re-placement funds to House-passed NDAA level; 
                                                                                            Page H5742 
Soto amendment (No. 8 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases funding for the Quan-tum Information Sciences program within the Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army ac-count by $5 million to further advance quantum computing research;
                                         Pages H5742–43 
Lipinski amendment (No. 10 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that provides $30 million for MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator, to support national security innovation and entrepre-neurial education programs at universities; reduces Operations and Maintenance-Defense Wide by the same amount;
                                                              Page H5744 
Soto amendment (No. 14 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases funding for Gulf War illness research under the Defense Health Program by $1 million;
                                                     Pages H5744–45 
Visclosky amendment (No. 16 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that increases Peer-Reviewed Breast Cancer Research Program funding by $5,000,000;
                                                                  Page H5745 
Visclosky amendment (No. 22 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that bars the use of funds in contravention of existing federal requirements for meaningful consultation and engagement with tribal communities related to activities that will impact them; and
                                                              Pages H5746–47 
Brown (MD) amendment (No. 24 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that ensures none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to transfer the information technology contracting and acquisition services or the Senior Leader Communica-tions functions of the Defense Information Systems Agency.
                                                                           Page H5747 
Proceedings Postponed: Langevin amendment (No. 9 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that seeks to provide $10 mil-lion for Weapons and Munitions Technology (0602624A), $10 million for Innovative Naval Pro-totypes (INP) Applied Research (0602792N), and $20 million for Innovative Naval Prototypes Ad-vanced Technology Development (0603801N) to be used for accelerated development and prototyping for the electromagnetic railgun; and               Pages H5743–44 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 20 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that seeks to reduce the amount of Coalition Support Fund reimbursements Pakistan is eligible to receive by $200 million. 
                                                                                    Pages H5745–46 
H. Res. 961, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6157) and (H.R. 2083) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 222 ayes to 172 noes, Roll No. 292, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 172 nays, Roll No. 291. Pursuant to Sec. 5 of H. Res. 961, House Resolution 952 is laid on the table.
        Pages H5672–73 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5672, H5673, H5673–74, H5705, and H5705–06. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE SHIFTING GEOPOLITICS OF OIL AND GAS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Shifting Geo-politics of Oil and Gas’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing on legislation on the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S APPROACH TO LEAD- BASED PAINT AND MOLD REMEDIATION IN PUBLIC AND SUBSIDIZED HOUSING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Government’s Approach to Lead-Based Paint and Mold Remediation in Public and Subsidized Housing’’. Testimony was heard from Jeremy Kirkland, Acting Deputy Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Development; Karen McKeown, State Health Officer and Administrator, Division of Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD738 June 26, 2018 
Health, Wisconsin Department of Health Services; and public witnesses. INTERNATIONAL AND DOMESTIC IMPLICATIONS OF DE-RISKING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘International and Domestic Impli-cations of De-Risking’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Clements, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING; UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE: OPERATIONS AND WORKFORCE Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a business meeting to consider Committee Res-olution 115–19; and a hearing entitled ‘‘United States Capitol Police: Operations and Workforce’’. Committee Resolution 115–19 was adopted. Testi-mony was heard from Chief Matthew Verderosa, Chief of Police, U.S. Capitol Police; Michael Bolton, Acting Inspector General, U.S. Capitol Police; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 938, of inquiry directing the At-torney General to provide certain documents in the Attorney General’s possession to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to the ongoing congressional in-vestigation related to certain prosecutorial and inves-tigatory decisions made by the Department of Jus-tice and Federal Bureau of Investigation surrounding the 2016 election; and H. Res. 928, of inquiry re-questing the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution. H. Res. 938 and H. Res. 928 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on legis-lation on the Offshore Renewable Energy for Terri-tories Act; H.R. 5291, the ‘‘Offshore Wind Jobs and Opportunity Act’’; and legislation on the National OCS Renewable Energy Leasing Program Act. Testi-mony was heard from James Bennett, Chief of the Office of Renewable Energy Programs, Bureau of Ocean Management, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. ACCESS TO PUBLIC LANDS: THE EFFECTS OF FOREST SERVICE ROAD CLOSURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Access to Public Lands: The Effects of Forest Service Road Closures’’. Testimony was heard from Kerry White, Representative, Mon-tana House of Representatives; Bill Harvey, Com-mission Chair, Baker County, Oregon; and public witnesses. STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT; DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee concluded a hear-ing on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Com-munities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Man-agement Act’’; and held a hearing on H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Amendment Consideration]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–2, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 200 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–2, a rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 6157 under a struc-tured rule. The rule provides for no additional gen-eral debate. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report, and available pro forma amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D739 June 26, 2018 
in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to re-commit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. Finally, in sec-tion 4, the rule provides that it shall be in order without intervention of any point of order to con-sider concurrent resolutions providing for adjourn-ment during the month of July, 2018. Testimony was heard from Representatives Wasserman Shultz, Lee, Hastings, Rohrabacher, Wittman, Jones, Francis Rooney of Florida, Bordallo, Courtney, and Heck. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE—WITH GREAT POWER COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology; and Sub-committee on Energy held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Artificial Intelligence—With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPORTATION REGULATORY REFORM: STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Commercial Space Transportation Regulatory Re-form: Stakeholder Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. VA ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION: THE BEGINNING OF THE BEGINNING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA Electronic Health Record Modernization: The Beginning of the Beginning’’. Testimony was heard from Peter O’Rourke, Acting Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs; Vice Ad-miral Raquel Bono, Director, Defense Health Agen-cy, Department of Defense; David Powner, Director of IT Management Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. HIRING AND RETAINING VETERANS FOR THE MODERN DAY WORKFORCE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘Hiring and Retaining Veterans for the Modern Day Work-force’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D727) 
S. 1869, to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordinator. Signed on June 25, 2018. (Public Law 115–192) S. 2246, to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Flor-ida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic. Signed on June 25, 2018. (Public Law 115–193) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State pro-hibitions, S. 1896, to amend section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to clarify the treatment of availability pay for Fed-eral air marshals and criminal investigators of the Trans-portation Security Administration, S. 2941, to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service, S. 3094, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for bio-metric transportation security cards until after submission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD740 June 26, 2018 to Congress of the results of an assessment of the effec-tiveness of the transportation security card program, H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Author-ization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, H.R. 4559, to con-duct a global aviation security review, and the nomina-tions of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce, Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feld-man, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine how to reduce health care costs, focusing on understanding the cost of health care in America, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpay-ments, focusing on problems and solutions, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine FAST–41 and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Coun-cil, focusing on progress to date and next steps, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the eligibility requirements for the Radiation Exposure Compensation Program to ensure all downwinders receive coverage, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine the com-petitive impact of the T-Mobile–Sprint transaction, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Caro-lina, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on legislation on the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2018; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1676, the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hos-pice Education and Training Act’’; H.R. 3728, the ‘‘Edu-cating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency Readiness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5385, the ‘‘Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, markup on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project, and for other purposes, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Crisis in the Republic of the Cameroon’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5291, the ‘‘Offshore Wind Jobs and Oppor-tunity Act’’; H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Education and Energy Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6087, the ‘‘Removing Barriers to Energy Independence Act’’; H.R. 6088, the ‘‘SPEED Act’’; and H.R. 6107, the ‘‘Ending Duplicative Permitting Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Administration’s Government-wide Reorganization Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the National Quantum Initiative Act; legislation on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018; and legislation on the American Space SAFE Management Act, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Bol-stering Data Privacy and Mobile Security: An Assessment of IMSI Catcher Threats’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘ZTE: A Threat to America’s Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 66, the ‘‘Route 66 Centennial Commission Act’’; legislation on the General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; H.R. 6194, the ‘‘REAL Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5846, the ‘‘Promoting Flood Risk Mitiga-tion Act’’; H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 3460, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 6175, the ‘‘Maritime Safety Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Coast Guard Blue Technology Center of Expertise Act; S. 756, the ‘‘Save Our Seas Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3906, the ‘‘Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6066, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act’’; and H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS En-hancement Act’’, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D741 June 26, 2018 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD742 June 26, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act, with all post-cloture time being expired. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of H.R. 6157—Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brown, Anthony G., Md., E917 Budd, Ted, N.C., E920 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E916 Carter, John R., Tex., E915 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E916 Comer, James, Ky., E920 Costa, Jim, Calif., E921 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E916 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E915 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E922 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E915 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E916 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E918 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E923 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E923 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E919, E920, E922 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E915 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E920 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E916, E920 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E917 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E924 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E918 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E923 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E925 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E921 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E916 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E917 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E921, E924, E924 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E924 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E924 Welch, Peter, Vt., E918 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E922 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E915 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jun 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26JN8.REC D26JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST