Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8745 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2018 No. 158 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 25, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
EFF D
ENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL ROBERT MILLER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Miller, a veteran of the Marine Corps from Bogalusa, Lou-isiana, which I have the privilege to represent. Colonel Miller went above and be-yond to answer the call of service to our Nation. He fought in three wars be-tween 1945 and 1973: World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. He received three Purple Hearts dur-ing his time with the Marines, and some of his war experiences are quite impressive. While in Korea, American forces suf-fered enormous casualties due to bitter cold and frostbite, yet Colonel Miller’s platoon did not suffer a single cas-ualty. He was asked later how he pro-tected his men, and he shared with them a trick he learned from a gen-tleman, Delos Nobles, a homeless man from his home of Bogalusa. Mr. Nobles would line his clothes and shoes with old newspapers to block the cold. Colonel Miller and his men asked friends and family to send them as many newspapers as they could get, and the results helped earn him a bat-tlefield commission. Maybe fittingly, Colonel Miller even-tually earned a degree in journalism from the University of Maryland. Colonel Miller also caught the eye of Marilyn Monroe while serving in Korea. His rifle platoon provided secu-rity to her while she visited the DMZ. She arranged a front row seat for him at her show. She even gave him her phone number and told him to call her when he got home from the war. He did, and the two went on to become great friends. Following his military service, Colo-nel Miller started what now is known as Venture Scout Crew 313, which spe-cializes on learning survival skills and winning national white water canoe races. That legacy includes 18 national championships in open cruisers, 27 na-tional championships in advanced alu-minums, and 26 national champion-ships in the novice division. His scouts also serve as stretcher bearers during medical emergencies at LSU football games. There is a reason that some of us joke that our Tigers are more like the Cardiac Cats. His work with youth garnered him national and international leadership awards. Colonel Miller has stayed active throughout his long life as a member of the local Lion’s Club and chairman of the Christmas in Cassidy Park in Boga-lusa. He is certainly a shining example of public service, someone who puts com-munity and country first. We could al-ways use a few more Colonel Millers in whatever community we call home, and I thank him for everything and all he has done for Bogalusa and the United States of America. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 4 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members who are laboring through these challenging days with wisdom, magnanimity, and a shared de-sire to serve our Nation at a pivotal time for us all. May their efforts bring results that rise above any sense of victory for one side or the other, but rather mutual benefit. In the end, may we continue to trust that You would not abandon those who put their trust in You. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.000 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8746 September 25, 2018 
May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Alle-giance. Ms. NORTON led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CAMERAS IN THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is time to remove the veil of secrecy from the hallowed halls of the Supreme Court. Americans have the right to watch the proceedings in person, but only 50 members of the public can get into the small courtroom at a time. Technology allows discreet videoing, but for some reason, there are those who want to keep these proceedings hidden from the American public. We have the best judicial system ever created. We should not hide it. Cameras should be allowed in the most important court in the world. I know cameras can be placed in a courtroom without disruption or dis-traction, because I did it. For 22 years, I served as a felony court judge in Houston, Texas. I heard over 25,000 criminal cases and nearly 1,000 jury trials, and many of those were filmed by the television media. Justice would be better served if the black robe of secrecy was removed from the United States Supreme Court and the proceedings were filmed. Be-cause justice is the one thing we should always find in America. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WHY HAS JUDGE KAVANAUGH NOT REQUESTED AN FBI INVESTIGA-TION (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, although the Republican Senate has refused the customary FBI investigation into alle-gations against Judge Kavanaugh by Dr. Ford and others, there is evidence that should be weighed. Dr. Ford is not only willing to offer sworn testimony at the hearing, she has requested an FBI investigation with the required FBI questioning under penalty of perjury. Judge Kavanaugh is an expert on all our legal processes. Why hasn’t he asked for the standard FBI investiga-tion? Moreover, apparently understanding the seriousness of her allegations, Dr. Ford has also taken the unusual step of being polygraphed. A lie detector test is not required, although law enforce-ment sometimes requests it. It would be a fair question for Sen-ators to ask Judge Kavanaugh why he did not request an FBI investigation and whether he would take a polygraph test, too. f 
CELEBRATING 100TH BIRTHDAY OF WALTER ‘‘STICKY’’ BURCH (Mr. BUDD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Walter ‘‘Sticky’’ Burch, who is going to be 100 years old on Oc-tober 21. And that is a great day, Mr. Speaker. It is also my birthday, al-though mine is just a few years after his. Walter Burch was born in Asheville but grew up in Greensboro and spent much of his life serving in the Greens-boro Police Department. His service to our Nation began just 9 days after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. During the Second World War, he helped gather intelligence on enemy operations in Europe, but his service to his country did not end there. Walter returned home and joined the police department, where he served for nearly 50 years. He officially retired in 1981, but he ran for sheriff just a few years later. He went on to serve two terms as the sher-iff of Guilford County. Since retiring from law enforcement, Walter has remained deeply involved in our community, and the people of Guil-ford County are lucky to have him. Mr. Speaker, please join me in cele-brating the 100th birthday of Walter ‘‘Sticky’’ Burch and his lifelong com-mitment to public service. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 25, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 25, 2018, at 11:49 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2259. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
SEPTEMBER 24, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 1652(b) of the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Pub. L. 115–232), I am pleased to appoint the following Member to serve as a Commis-sioner to the Cyberspace Solarium Commis-sion: The Honorable James Langevin of Rhode Island And from private life: The Honorable Patrick Murphy of Bristol, Pennsylvania Thank you for your attention to these rec-ommendations. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
PUBLIC-PRIVATE CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6735) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vul-nerability disclosure policy for Depart-ment of Homeland Security internet websites, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6735 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public-Private Cybersecurity Cooperation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DISCLOSURE OF SECURITY VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) V ULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE POLICY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish a policy applicable to individuals, organizations, and companies that report security vulnerabilities on appropriate information sys-tems of Department of Homeland Security. Such policy shall include each of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.003 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8747 September 25, 2018 
(1) The appropriate information systems of the Department that individuals, organizations, and companies may use to discover and report secu-rity vulnerabilities on appropriate information systems. (2) The conditions and criteria under which individuals, organizations, and companies may operate to discover and report security vulnerabilities. (3) How individuals, organizations, and com-panies may disclose to the Department security vulnerabilities discovered on appropriate infor-mation systems of the Department. (4) The ways in which the Department may communicate with individuals, organizations, and companies that report security vulnerabilities. (5) The process the Department shall use for public disclosure of reported security vulnerabilities. (b) R
EMEDIATION PROCESS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop a process for the Department of Homeland Security to address the mitigation or remediation of the security vulnerabilities reported through the policy de-veloped in subsection (a). (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the security vulnerability disclosure policy under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consult with each of the following: (1) The Attorney General regarding how to ensure that individuals, organizations, and companies that comply with the requirements of the policy developed under subsection (a) are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, civil lawsuits, and similar provisions of law with respect to specific activities authorized under the policy. (2) The Secretary of Defense and the Adminis-trator of General Services regarding lessons that may be applied from existing vulnerability dis-closure policies. (3) Non-governmental security researchers. (d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall make the policy devel-oped under subsection (a) publicly available. (e) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— (1) D
ISCLOSURE POLICY AND REMEDIATION  
PROCESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a copy of the policy required under subsection (a) and the remediation process required under sub-section (b). (2) R
EPORT AND BRIEFING .— (A) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after es-tablishing the policy required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on such policy and the remediation process required under sub-section (b). (B) A
NNUAL BRIEFINGS .—One year after the date of the submission of the report under sub-paragraph (A), and annually thereafter for each of the next three years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to Congress a briefing on the policy required under subsection (a) and the process required under subsection (b). (C) M
ATTERS FOR INCLUSION .—The report re-quired under subparagraph (A) and the brief-ings required under subparagraph (B) shall in-clude each of the following with respect to the policy required under subsection (a) and the process required under subsection (b) for the pe-riod covered by the report or briefing, as the case may be: (i) The number of unique security vulnerabilities reported. (ii) The number of previously unknown secu-rity vulnerabilities mitigated or remediated. (iii) The number of unique individuals, orga-nizations, and companies that reported security vulnerabilities. (iv) The average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and mitiga-tion or remediation of such vulnerabilities. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘security vulnerability’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(17) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501(17)), in information technology. (2) The term ‘‘information system’’ has the meaning given that term by section 3502(12) of title 44, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘appropriate information sys-tem’’ means an information system that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security selects for inclu-sion under the vulnerability disclosure policy re-quired by subsection (a). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Public-Private Cybersecurity Cooperation Act. Strengthening our cybersecurity must be a top national priority. Inter-national hackers and nation-states are waging a war against us in cyberspace. These threats are aimed at our eco-nomic, political, and national security institutions. Between 2011 and 2013, Iranian hack-ers attacked dozens of American banks and even tried to shut down a dam in New York. In 2014, Chinese hackers stole over 22.5 million security clearances, includ-ing my own, from the Office of Per-sonnel Management. In 2016, Russia meddled in our presi-dential election. Because we use computer networks in our personal and professional lives, almost everyone is a target. With each passing day, cyber threats continue to grow, but the government cannot face these threats alone. We need help from the private sector. Today’s legislation will direct the Department of Homeland Security Sec-retary to develop and implement a vul-nerability disclosure program that will allow threat researchers from the pri-vate sectors to identify and report cy-bersecurity flaws found in the Depart-ment’s information systems. Currently, there is no legal avenue that allows them to do so. This legisla-tion solves that problem. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Leader M
CCARTHY for his years of com-mitment to innovation and cybersecu-rity, and for his work on this bill in particular. He truly understands the nature of this threat and why it is so important to have a strong cyber partnership be-tween the public and private sectors. Mr. Speaker, I believe that this bi-partisan legislation will help DHS bet-ter protect its vital networks, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6735, the Public-Private Cybersecurity Cooperation Act. Mr. Speaker, protecting our Federal information systems is an enormous task. As ranking member of the Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Protection Sub-committee, I hear more often than I would like about the challenges of re-cruiting and maintaining the Federal cyber workforce. That is true even at the Department of Homeland Security. As DHS works to address ongoing workforce challenges, we have to think creatively and leverage untapped re-sources of talent. Across the country, there are white hat hackers who want to apply their considerable cyber skills to report vul-nerabilities found on government infor-mation systems to Federal authorities. But today, these ethical hackers can-not research and report bugs on DHS’ systems without being in violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. In 2016, the Department of Defense piloted Hack the Pentagon, which gave white hat hackers 24 days to find unique vulnerabilities in certain DOD information systems and report them for a reward. The program was so successful, DOD established a permanent vulnerability disclosure program to allow ethical hackers to search for and report bugs on DOD information systems without violating the law. That program has enjoyed similar success to Hack the Pentagon. Members of the Homeland Security Committee have been urging DHS to establish a vulnerability disclosure program for several years. At a hearing with Secretary Nielsen in April, my colleague on the Cyberse-curity Subcommittee, Mr. LANGEVIN , asked the Secretary whether the De-partment had in place a mechanism for vulnerabilities to be reported. Sec-retary Nielsen testified that the De-partment had no clear process in place to accept information about bugs in DHS information systems and agreed to work with the committee to estab-lish one. Five months have passed, and the De-partment is not any closer to estab-lishing a vulnerability disclosure pro-gram of its own. Vulnerability disclosure programs are an emerging industry best practice and are recommended by the updated NIST Cybersecurity Framework. White hat hackers are an enormous pool of talent that the Federal Govern-ment has largely failed to leverage. DHS can no longer afford to leave that kind of talent on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.003 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8748 September 25, 2018 
H.R. 6735 would push DHS in the right direction by requiring it to put in place policies to ensure that civic- minded hackers can research and re-port bugs found on certain information systems without breaking the law. Before I close, I would like to express my disappointment that S. 1281, the Hack DHS Act, is not being considered on the floor today. S. 1281, which would create a bug bounty pilot program at DHS, was ap-proved by voice vote in the committee and is consistent with the objectives of H.R. 6735, which I support. b1415 It is unclear why S. 1281 is not being considered today. I urge House leader-ship to bring S. 1281 to the floor later this fall. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6735. In the current secu-rity environment, vulnerability disclo-sure policies have emerged as a critical component of cybersecurity without any organization. DHS is the lead Fed-eral Department charged with securing government civilian networks. DHS should be leading by example, not playing catchup. Today, the De-partment of Defense and the GSA have vulnerability disclosure programs in operation. It is time for DHS to join them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6735, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is at a time when there is a lot of partisan-ship going on. I think it is healthy to see a truly bipartisan bill on such an important issue regarding our national security. I think, as the gentleman from Lou-isiana pointed out, this is modeled after a program that the Department of Defense successfully deployed, and I am proud of the record my committee has had on passing, I think, close to 110 bills now, and almost all of them are bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Senate col-leagues to at least take up some of them and do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6735, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
BORDER TUNNEL TASK FORCE ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6740) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish Border Tunnel Task Forces, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6740 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Tunnel Task Force Act’’. 
SEC. 2. BORDER TUNNEL DETECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 420. BORDER TUNNEL TASK FORCES. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish Border Tunnel Task Forces in jurisdic-tions in which such Border Tunnel Task Forces can contribute to border security missions after evaluating— ‘‘(1) whether the areas in which such Border Tunnel Task Forces would be established are significantly impacted by cross-border threats; and ‘‘(2) the availability of Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement resources to partici-pate in such Border Tunnel Task Forces. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Border Tunnel Task Forces under subsection (a) is to enhance and integrate border security efforts by addressing and reducing cross-border tunnel re-lated threats and violence by— ‘‘(1) facilitating collaboration among Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agen-cies to execute coordinated activities in further-ance of border security and homeland security; and ‘‘(2) enhancing information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security in-formation, among such agencies. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  B
ORDER TUNNEL TASKFORCES .—Border Tunnel Task Forces may be comprised of the following: ‘‘(1) Personnel from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including the U.S. Border Patrol. ‘‘(2) Personnel from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, including Homeland Se-curity Investigations. ‘‘(3) Personnel from other Department compo-nents and offices, as appropriate. ‘‘(4) Personnel from other Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘(5) Other appropriate personnel at the dis-cretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
UPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new Border Tun-nel Task Force or to expand an existing Border Tunnel Task Force in a given jurisdiction, the Secretary shall ensure that the Border Tunnel Task Force under consideration does not unnec-essarily duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such jurisdiction. ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION AMONG COMPONENTS .— The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish targets and performance meas-ures for the Border Tunnel Task Forces that in-clude consideration of whether border barriers impact cross-border tunnel threats; ‘‘(2) direct leadership of each Border Tunnel Task Force to monitor progress on such targets and performance measures for each such task force; and ‘‘(3) periodically report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate regard-ing progress on such targets and performance measures.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 419 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 420. Border Tunnel Task Forces.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Border Tunnel Task Force Act. Mr. Speaker, some of the most dan-gerous threats to our homeland are coming across our southern border. Drug smugglers are bringing dangerous narcotics and fueling America’s epi-demic of opioids. Human traffickers and transnational gangs like MS–13 are infecting our neighborhoods and endan-gering our kids. Even potential known or suspected terrorists are trying to make their way into America by ex-ploiting our weak borders. All of these groups are a serious na-tional security concern. They are also very determined and creative, and one of the ways they avoid detection is by digging cross-border tunnels. In August, a tunnel the length of two football fields was discovered below a closed fast-food restaurant in Arizona. This pathway was used to smuggle co-caine, heroin, fentanyl, and methamphetamines. In 2016, 7 tons of marijuana and 1 ton of cocaine were found in a tunnel not far from San Diego. In my home State of Texas, a tunnel was discovered under the Rio Grande in El Paso back in 2010, also for smuggling drugs. Unfortunately, the problem is not new. Authorities have discovered near-ly 200 cross-border tunnels since 1990. We must do more to shut these tunnels down. This legislation will establish Border Tunnel Task Forces to enhance the ability of DHS to detect these tun-nels and identify criminal networks. These teams will be made up of ICE, CBP, and other Department personnel. They will be assisted by State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies. These teams will deploy to locations along the border where the greatest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.007 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8749 September 25, 2018 
risks to our national security exist. In working together, they will be able to better secure our border and protect Americans from a growing list of threats. This bill will minimize a unique, but serious, threat to our homeland. I want to thank my very dear friend and col-league, Congressman S
ESSIONS , for all of his hard work on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6740, the Border Tunnel Task Force Act. H.R. 6740 formally authorizes the Department of Homeland Security’s Border Tunnel Task Force. The first illicit cross-border tunnel under the United States-Mexico border was discovered in 1990. Since then, law enforcement has uncovered more than 200 tunnels, primarily in Arizona and California. Cross-border tunnels are exploited by smugglers to move all types of contra-band, currency, and people into the United States without detection. Un-earthed tunnels range from crudely formed, shallow tunnels, to elaborately constructed passages that include lighting or railways and emerge on the U.S. side in facilities large enough to accommodate deliveries by tractor- trailers. Incredibly, some tunnels are inter-connected with municipal stormwater and sewer systems on both sides of the border. In one case, a 2016 law enforce-ment operation uncovered a tunnel half a mile inland with a ton of cocaine and 7 tons of marijuana in it. Just last month, about 200 yards from the border, there was a traffic stop arrest of an individual with more than 300 pounds of illegal drugs, which resulted in the execution of a search warrant on his property and the dis-covery of a tunnel that went from a long-abandoned Kentucky Fried Chick-en that was on his property directly to a house in Mexico. Inside that 600-foot- long tunnel, Federal agents discovered $1 million worth of hard drugs. These discoveries did not just hap-pen. They were the result of collabo-rative, binational law enforcement op-erations under the auspices of the Bor-der Tunnel Task Forces that the De-partment of Homeland Security main-tains. H.R. 6740 seeks to authorize the task forces to ensure that this valuable work continues. I ask my House colleagues to join me in supporting DHS’ efforts to head off smuggling through illicit cross-border tunnels and vote in favor of H.R. 6740. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee and the author of this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate and thank the young chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, the gentleman from Austin, Texas, who has had the responsibility and the author-ity vested in him as chairman of the committee to make sure that we look at, approach, and correct the problems that we have at our borders. I want to thank the distinguished gentleman for his years of service not only to the De-partment of Justice, but to the Amer-ican people and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, every day we in Texas and around the United States deal with crime, drugs, and gangs that are streaming into the United States from our southern border. Both Chairman MCCAULand I recognize that the chal-lenge that we have ahead of us here in Washington is not only to support and defend our Constitution, but it is actu-ally to defend people who live back home, wherever they might be in the United States. No part of the United States is safe if our southern border is not effectively taken care of. That is why we are here today with a bill that addresses this issue even further. That issue is that we must secure our borders to halt the flow of drugs that come into our coun-try. We recognize that one of the most vulnerable piece parts that has been talked about today and that is known by law enforcement is that of the use of tunnels, which evade not only the sight of law enforcement, but take place under the secrecy of those who would intend to bring illegal drugs, narcotics, people, and other unspecified but dangerous items into this country. These tunnels are difficult to detect without sophisticated equipment or in-telligence that advises law enforce-ment not only where they are, but how they might discover them. Said an-other way, cartels and criminals are one step ahead of the good guys, our law enforcement. Just last month, United States Homeland Security agents discovered a 600-foot-long drug tunnel running be-tween a private home in Mexico and an abandoned food restaurant in Arizona. Near the tunnel, they discovered—as has been talked about here today and it is worth repeating—261 pounds of methamphetamines, 14 pounds of co-caine, 45 pounds of heroin, and almost 7 pounds of fentanyl. That is enough to have supplied over 3 million people with dosage units that could cause them not only harm, but also take their life. Working with Chairman M
ICHAEL  M
CCAUL, our young chairman from Austin, Texas, I am pleased to inform you that earlier this month we intro-duced H.R. 6740, the Border Tunnel Task Force Act. This bill will enhance not only law enforcement—Federal, State, and local law enforcement—but also Tribal law enforcement with the ability that they need to make sure that these cross-border-related threats are taken care of properly. First of all, the task force will look at the issue and understand how these cartels and drug gangs make these tun-nels, where they make them, and when they make them. Secondly, the task force will ensure that they are looking out and working together. Specifically, this legislation requires the Department of Homeland Security to establish a Border Tunnel Task Force, which would be comprised of personnel from U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, known as CBP; U.S. Border Patrol; U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, known as ICE; and Homeland Security investigators. These groups would work together on border issues where enhanced informa-tion could be shared and law enforce-ment action would contribute to our border security missions. It is my hope that the establishment of these law enforcement groups will help facilitate not only teamwork among Federal, State, local, and Tribal officials, but they will also help exe-cute coordinated activities to crack down on gangs that continue to seek ways to do their illegal trade and busi-ness along our border which places Americans at risk. In closing, I would like to once again thank Chairman MCCAUL and his Homeland Security Committee, its members on a bipartisan basis, and their staff for recognizing that this is a true threat against the United States of America, our citizens, and perhaps our most vulnerable, our children. Their work in protecting our country is paramount, and so I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 6740, the Border Tunnel Task Force Act, a bill that will encourage, help, and strengthen law enforcement in this activity. It will protect the United States of America and protect American families from drug cartels and drug trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the young chairman for his hard work and also the gentleman from Louisiana, who recognized, on a bipartisan basis, that we must protect our homeland. b1430 Mr. Speaker, DHS’s Border Tunnel Task Forces have been effective at identifying and closing tunnels through which smugglers illicitly move drugs, launder money, and other con-traband into the United States. As such, I support these task forces, but would note that there are two 20-foot- high fences—or ‘‘wall’’ as the President likes to call them—near the U.S.-Mex-ico border in San Luis, Arizona, the town where a tunnel was discovered under an abandoned restaurant last month. Logic tells you that when smugglers cannot easily move goods or people over or through physical barriers, they will tunnel underneath. Importantly, the measure under con-sideration today includes language of-fered by Representative V
ELA, the ranking member of the Border and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8750 September 25, 2018 
Maritime Security Subcommittee, to require DHS to determine whether bor-der barriers impact the proliferation of cross-border tunnels. With DHS having dedicated nearly $9 million over the past decade to remedi-ating and countering cross-border tun-nel threats, DHS needs to know wheth-er its wall agenda is driving more il-licit cross-border tunnels. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6740, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, every day, we are seeing drugs coming in from Mexico, known or suspected terrorists, and dangerous opioids. We see fentanyl coming in from China into Mexico where they mix it with methamphetamines and heroin. It is really toxic, poisonous stuff. Fentanyl is so toxic that our ca-nines die when they sniff it, yet that is being put into drugs coming across the U.S.-Mexico border into the United States to pollute and infect our chil-dren and our veterans. It is time for this to stop. I hope that we will be able to take up, perhaps in November, our border security bill, which I think would go a long ways to getting this job done. In the meantime, this bill, I think, will go a long ways to stopping a very orga-nized, sophisticated route of drugs, bad people, and bad things into the United States, and that is shutting down these tunnels. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6740, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING CRITICAL INFRA-STRUCTURE AGAINST DRONES AND EMERGING THREATS ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6620) to require the Department of Homeland Security to prepare a threat assessment relating to un-manned aircraft systems, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6620 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DRONE AND EMERGING THREAT ASSESS-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall— (1) in consultation with other relevant offi-cials of the Department, request additional information from other agencies of the Fed-eral Government, State and local govern-ment agencies, and the private sector relat-ing to threats of unmanned aircraft systems and other emerging threats associated with such new technologies; (2) in consultation with relevant officials of the Department and other appropriate agencies of the Federal Government, develop and disseminate a security threat assess-ment regarding unmanned aircraft systems and other emerging threats associated with such new technologies; and (3) establish and utilize, in conjunction with the Chief Information Officer of the De-partment and other relevant entities, a se-cure communications and information tech-nology infrastructure, including data-mining and other advanced analytical tools, in order to access, receive, and analyze data and in-formation in furtherance of the responsibil-ities under this section, including by estab-lishing a voluntary mechanism whereby crit-ical infrastructure owners and operators may report information on emerging threats, such as the threat posed by unmanned air-craft systems. (b) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall prepare a threat assessment and report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate on the threat posed by unmanned aircraft systems, including information collected from critical infrastructure owners and operators and Federal, State, and local government agen-cies. (c) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016(e) of Public Law 107–56 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)). (2) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note; Public Law 112–95). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation that will help pro-tect the American people from threat-ening drones. Drones are being used to cross America more and more every year. News outlets use drones to cap-ture footage for a breaking story. Pho-tographers use them to take photos and videos at weddings, sporting events, and rock concerts. They also are used by law enforcement to help document crime scenes or assist with search and rescue operations. Those are all good things. However, drones or other unmanned aerial systems can also pose a threat if they are controlled by terrorists or criminals. For example, ISIS used them to carry out attacks and conduct reconnaissance overseas. Here at home, criminals are using drones to smuggle drugs across our borders and surveil law enforcement. The FBI even dis-rupted a plot to attack the Pentagon with a drone loaded with grenades. The threats we face from drones are constantly evolving as the technology becomes more accessible across the globe. We need to do more to confront these dangers. This legislation requires the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis at DHS to develop a drone threat as-sessment with information gathered from Federal, State, local, and private sector partners. It also directs the Under Secretary to establish a secure communications in-frastructure for receiving and ana-lyzing such threat information. Further, this bill sets up a voluntary mechanism for critical infrastructure owners and operators to report infor-mation on similar emerging threats. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman RICHMOND and Congressman R ATCLIFFE  for their hard work on this issue. I think this bill will allow us to strengthen our intelligence gathering and stay one step ahead of our enemies. I am pleased that the Senate and House were also able to include the Preventing Emerging Threats Act, leg-islation I introduced with Congressman C
HABOT , in the FAA bill that will be on the floor tomorrow. This will give DHS the authority to counter drones in our airspace if they are determined to be a threat to national security. This bill provides DHS and DOJ with the ability to act quickly and effec-tively when a drone poses a security risk to large-scale events, national se-curity events, and government facili-ties. Secretary Nielsen described this leg-islation as ‘‘a critical step in enabling the Department to address this threat.’’ Let’s provide DHS with the tools it needs to confront these threats before they get worse. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these bipartisan bills, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 21, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 6620, the Protecting Critical In-frastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act. This legislation includes mat-ters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.012 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8751 September 25, 2018 
of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 6620, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 21, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6620, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6620, the Protecting Critical Infrastruc-ture Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6620 would require the Department of Homeland Security to take action to better understand and address an emerging threat posed by unmanned aerial systems—or drones—to our Nation’s critical infra-structure. These technologies are not new, but their applications have evolved rapidly in recent years. Some of these uses are important to keeping the public safe, growing our economy, and providing new ways to explore the world, includ-ing giving first responders better infor-mation in an emergency, for example. But, we also know that drones can be used for espionage, be weaponized, or even to carry out a terrorist attack. My district in Louisiana has one of the Nation’s highest concentrations of critical infrastructure, including pipe-lines, refineries, ports, airports, sta-diums, and a wide range of other key assets and resources. When I speak with critical infra-structure owners and operators, they recognize the benefits of drone tech-nology. Many of them even put them to good use in their own businesses. At the same time, they are troubled by the risks posed by unknown, unauthor-ized drones operating over their facili-ties. Over the past year, I have asked own-ers and operators what we in govern-ment can do to help them address this threat. What I heard is that, at a min-imum, they need a way to report po-tentially dangerous drone activity to DHS when they detect it. In a hearing this spring before the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Pro-tection Subcommittee, where I serve as ranking member, stakeholders from the chemical industry testified about this challenge on the record. They told us that when a facility detects a drone in their airspace, they aren’t sure what to do about it, or even who to tell. H.R. 6620 would address this gap in a few ways. First, it would require DHS to estab-lish a channel for reporting informa-tion on drones, as well as other emerg-ing threats, securely, through a com-munications infrastructure, developed in conjunction with the Department’s chief information officer. This bill would also direct DHS’s Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis to develop and disseminate a threat assessment on unmanned aerial systems and other emerging threats as-sociated with drone technology. The assessment would be informed by Fed-eral, State, local, and private sector partners, and prepared in consultation with other DHS components, like the National Protection and Programs Di-rectorate, that have relevant expertise. Finally, H.R. 6620 would require DHS to report its findings to Congress with-in 1 year. Together, these provisions call on DHS to take a closer look at a signifi-cant threat to our Nation’s critical in-frastructure—the threat of drone-en-abled attacks—while also creating an enduring mechanism for DHS to con-tinue gathering information on emerg-ing threats from the owners and opera-tors who stand on the front line of de-fense. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6620 would direct the Department of Homeland Security to do more to understand, assess, and respond to the threat posed by drones, while also creating an avenue for two- way information sharing about emerg-ing threats. My bill creates a new channel for critical infrastructure owners and op-erators to report potentially dangerous drone activity in their airspace, and other new threats as they evolve. Cre-ating a way for owners and operators to relay this information, on a vol-untary basis, would give DHS access to better data and a more comprehensive view of the threat environment. Before I yield back, I would like to also express support for a related provi-sion in the FAA package that is ex-pected to be considered tomorrow. It would allow DHS to research tech-nologies to counter threats of un-manned aerial systems being exploited to carry out terrorism or dangerous ac-tivity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6620, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, on September 11, a United Airlines flight was headed to-wards the Capitol. Thank God those he-roes that day brought down that air-liner in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and this great building that we are stand-ing in today was not destroyed with an image I don’t think the American peo-ple could accept. However, those terrorists are exploit-ing these drones. We have seen them in Iraq and Syria with explosives and chemical weapons. We have also dis-rupted plots for the use of drones against both the Pentagon and the United States Capitol. A drone, unlike an airplane, could hit the United States Capitol very quickly. We need to give the Department the tools and the authorities necessary to protect our American institutions. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6620, the Protecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act. This much needed measure would direct the Department of Homeland Security to complete a vulnerability assessment of the threat posed by Unmanned Air Systems (UAS) to our crit-ical infrastructure assets. The results of the assessment would be re-ported to Congress, providing policymakers with much needed information to better protect our critical infrastructure assets. Unmanned Air Systems, or drones, hold great promise, and may one day change the world as we know it. As the technology develops however, there is always the risk that malicious actors may seek to use it to cause harm or destruction. Drones offer the ability for almost anyone to bypass most physical security measures of our critical infrastructure facilities. These facilities, such as nuclear power plants and oil refineries, depend on physical security and access control to ensure that op-erations are secured and remain operational. Drones could potentially allow a malicious actor to bypass the security of a facility, carry out an explosive or chemical attack, or con-duct surveillance of prohibited areas. At a time when our critical infrastructure as-sets are under constant attack, and have suf-fered serious breaches in recent years, we must take action to ensure that the ability of our citizens and the ability of federal agencies to carry out their duties are resilient. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.005 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8752 September 25, 2018 
As a long-time advocate of a government that works efficiently for the people, it is clear that current security practices protecting our critical infrastructure are neither sufficient nor consistent. Without an honest effort to even get a ob-tain view of the security risks facing critical in-frastructure assets we will continue to be in-creasingly vulnerable. While conducting threat assessments like this will harden the security posture of the fed-eral government and our critical infrastructure assets, we are still suffering from a shortage of workers with the requisite skills to secure them. To address this, I have introduced the Cyber Security Education and Federal Work-force Enhancement Act (H.R. 1981), which would address our cyber workforce shortage by establishing an Office of Cybersecurity Education and Awareness within DHS which will focus on: Recruiting information assurance, cyberse-curity, and computer security professionals; Providing grants, training programs, and other support for kindergarten through grade 12, secondary, and post-secondary computer security education programs; Supporting guest lecturer programs in which professional computer security experts lecture computer science students at institutions of higher education; Identifying youth training programs for stu-dents to work in part-time or summer positions at federal agencies; and Developing programs to support underrep-resented minorities in computer security fields with programs at minority-serving institutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, Hispanic-serving institutions, Native American colleges, Asian-American institu-tions, and rural colleges and universities. Mr. Speaker, government agencies and the owners of critical infrastructure alike continue to struggle to identify the factors and tech-nologies that put them at risk. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 6620, the ‘‘Protecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6620. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURE BORDER COMMUNICATIONS ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6742) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to ensure that appro-priate officers and agents of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection are equipped with secure radios or other two-way communication devices, sup-ported by system interoperability, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6742 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secure Bor-der Communications Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SECURE BORDER COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 420. SECURE BORDER COMMUNICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officer or agent, if appropriate, is equipped with a secure radio or other two- way communication device, supported by system interoperability, that allows each such officer or agent to communicate— ‘‘(1) between ports of entry and inspection stations; and ‘‘(2) with other Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement entities. ‘‘(b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each U.S. Border Patrol agent assigned or required to patrol in remote mission critical locations, and at border checkpoints, has a multi- or dual- band encrypted portable radio. ‘‘(c) C
OMMERCIAL MOBILE BROADBAND  C
ONNECTIVITY .—In carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary shall acquire radios or other devices with the option to connect to appropriate commercial mobile broadband networks for deployment in areas where such networks enhance operations and are cost ef-fective. ‘‘(d) E
MERGING COMMUNICATIONS TECH-
NOLOGIES CONSIDERED .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary may evaluate new or emerging communications technologies to determine their suitability for the unique conditions of border security operations.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 419 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 420. Secure border communications.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1445 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Secure Border Communications Act. Every day our CBP agents and offi-cers serve on the front lines in the fight to secure our homeland. They face threats from armed drug cartels, dangerous gangs like MS–13, human traffickers, and potential terrorists. These brave individuals take pride in serving with vigilance, integrity, and professionalism in order to keep us safe. To be successful, however, they must be equipped with the tools they need to do their jobs well. Too often, the com-munications devices and radios used by CBP officers and other agents are out-dated and unreliable. For instance, Border Patrol agents patrolling on the ground may not have direct radio contact with CBP air as-sets or other law enforcement officers working the area. This hinders inter-agency communications and jeopard-izes their mission and safety. At a subcommittee hearing earlier this year, a Border Patrol agent stated that she had been issued a radio that often failed. At times, she would need to communicate with a fellow agent but was forced to use her personal cell phone. We cannot allow these kinds of tech-nical failures to endanger the lives of our agents and weaken our national se-curity. We must do better. Fortunately, we can begin to fix this problem today. This legislation will en-sure that CBP agents and officers are equipped with interoperable and secure radios or two-way communication de-vices. In addition, this bill highlights the importance of reliable encrypted com-munications that will prevent powerful cartels from intercepting sensitive in-formation, such as our CBP agents’ and officers’ locations. Passing this bill is a simple step that we can take to help our CBP agents do their jobs and protect our homeland. I would like to thank Congressman MAST for all his hard work on this issue. Congressman M
ASTis no strang-er to service and sacrifice, serving overseas in our wars in Iraq and Af-ghanistan, and he has the scars to prove it. We thank him for his service. It is a great honor to have him sponsor a bill from our committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write to you re-garding H.R. 6742, the ‘‘Secure Border Com-munications Act’’, on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an addi-tional referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 6742 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our juris-diction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion, and requests your support for such re-quest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.022 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8753 September 25, 2018 
I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 6742 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 25, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6742, the ‘‘Secure Border Communications Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Ways and Means will not take further ac-tion on this bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Ways and Means for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6742, the Secure Border Communica-tions Act. Mr. Speaker, it is essential that the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security have reliable and effective communications equipment in the field. Unfortunately, in recent years, U.S. Customs and Border Protection has been unable to achieve and maintain baseline communications capabilities, with devices exhibiting a range of issues from system incompatibility to outright inoperability. For Border Pa-trol agents in remote areas of the bor-der, particularly along the U.S.-Cana-dian border, such issues give rise to troubling operational and officer safety challenges. In response, H.R. 6742 directs the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to ensure that CBP agents and officers are equipped with secure radio tech-nologies that are interoperable regard-less of where used along the border. Additionally, it authorizes the Sec-retary to evaluate new and emerging communications technologies to deter-mine their suitability for use along the border. On a related note, a recent positive development came this summer when CBP awarded $26 million in contracts to upgrade their mission critical equip-ment. While CBP is slowly upgrading their communication networks and equip-ment, H.R. 6742 underscores Congress’ interest in seeing meaningful progress. As such, I support H.R. 6742 and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, in closing, it is our duty as Members of Congress to ensure that the men and women who patrol and protect our border are trained and equipped to do their jobs. Unreliable communication in areas between ports of entry or remote areas due to system inoperability is an issue H.R. 6742 aims to fix. It seeks to do so by placing on the shoulders of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security the re-sponsibility for ensuring that each agent or officer is equipped with se-cure, reliable radios. Mr. Speaker, I support this approach. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 6742, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this ensures that not only are communication devices oper-able but that they are interoperable be-tween agents down on the border risk-ing their lives day in and day out. I can’t thank them enough. I have been down to the border so many times, and I see the harsh conditions that they operate under. I just want to send a message of gratitude from the United States Congress and our Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and thank them for the work that they do tirelessly. Honestly, I think we don’t thank them enough for what they do. The encryption issue is vitally im-portant because the drug cartels are getting so sophisticated that they can pick up communications of our law en-forcement. This bill will go a long way to help protect those communications and make sure that they can do their job in a more safe and efficient manner in protecting the American public. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 6742, the Secure Border Commu-nications Act. Every single day the brave law enforcement officers of the United States Cus-toms and Border Protection put themselves in harm’s way in order to secure our borders and ports of entry. This bill will strengthen inter-agency border security communication and communication within U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection by improving communication technologies for all CBP officers and agents. When agents or officers are in the field, se-cure communications with other CBP per-sonnel and law enforcement agencies is im-perative to mission success and officer safety. Currently, communication devices and radios used by officers and agents are outdated and hinder interagency communication. I never want there to be a circumstance where a CBP officer or agent is operating in a remote area along our border and is not able to call for backup or whose location is intercepted by the cartels due to defective devices. We must not accept that as a possibility; we must ensure that our agents and officers are fully equipped with the proper technology. H.R. 6742 will require the Department of Homeland Security to ensure that CBP per-sonnel are equipped with secure radios or other two-way communication devices. These devices will allow officers and agents to com-municate between ports of entry and inspec-tion stations, and with other law enforcement entities operating in the same area of respon-sibility. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Chairman MCCAUL, for his cosponsorship and leadership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a war on terror and continue to be the target of radicals who want to do our country harm. Ensuring our law en-forcement officers operating along the borders and at our ports of entry are fully equipped is essential to national security. Beyond the threat of terrorism, securing our border is vi-tally important to preventing drug and human trafficking. Improving communication is a crit-ical component of this mission. Mr. Speaker, let’s take some decisive action to secure our border. Let’s pass this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6742. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SERGEANT JOHN TOOMBS RESI-DENTIAL REHABILITATION TREATMENT FACILITY Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2634) to designate the Mental Health Residential Rehabilita-tion Treatment Facility Expansion of the Department of Veterans Affairs Alvin C. York Medical Center in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Ser-geant John Toombs Residential Reha-bilitation Treatment Facility’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ten-nessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2634 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Sergeant John Toombs of Murfreesboro, Tennessee, served in the Tennessee Army National Guard as a part of the highly dis-tinguished 230th Signal Corps. (2) His six years in the National Guard in-cluded a deployment to Afghanistan, where Sergeant Toombs proudly served as a guard and escort for visiting dignitaries and re-porters traveling into highly dangerous, war ravaged areas in Afghanistan. (3) As a result of his service in Afghani-stan, Sergeant Toombs developed symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), a disability he continued to suffer from after leaving the National Guard in 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.007 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8754 September 25, 2018 
(4) After two years of battling PTSD and failing to receive the necessary treatment, Sgt. Toombs tragically took his own life in November of 2016. (5) However, the life of Sergeant Toombs has impacted other veterans in Tennessee suffering from PTSD. Since this devastating tragedy, positive measures have been made to raise awareness and improve the overall treatment of veterans suffering from PTSD within the Tennessee Valley Healthcare Sys-tem. 
SEC. 2. SERGEANT JOHN TOOMBS RESIDENTIAL REHABILITATION TREATMENT FA-CILITY. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Mental Health Resi-dential Rehabilitation Treatment Facility Expansion of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Alvin C. York Medical Center in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant John Toombs Residential Rehabilitation Treatment Facil-ity’’, after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Alvin C. York Mental Health Residential Re-habilitation Treatment Facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the ‘‘Sergeant John Toombs Resi-dential Rehabilitation Treatment Facility’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS EXPIRING AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3479) to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3479 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States Code. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY Subtitle A—Health Care Matters Sec. 101. Extension of authority for collec-tion of copayments for hospital care and nursing home care. Sec. 102. Extension of requirement to pro-vide nursing home care to cer-tain veterans with service-con-nected disabilities. Sec. 103. Removal of authorization of appro-priations to provide assistance and support services for care-givers. Sec. 104. Making permanent authority for recovery from third parties of cost of care and services fur-nished to veterans with health- plan contracts for non-service- connected disability. Sec. 105. Extension of authority for transfer of real property. Sec. 106. Extension of authority for pilot program on assistance for child care for certain veterans receiv-ing health care. Sec. 107. Extension of authority to make grants to veterans service orga-nizations for transportation of highly rural veterans. Sec. 108. Extension of authority for pilot program on counseling in re-treat settings for women vet-erans newly separated from service. Sec. 109. Extension of temporary expansion of payments and allowances for beneficiary travel in connection with veterans receiving care from vet centers. Subtitle B—Benefits Matters Sec. 121. Making permanent authority for temporary expansion of eligi-bility for specially adapted housing assistance for certain veterans with disabilities caus-ing difficulty ambulating. Sec. 122. Extension of authority for specially adapted housing assistive tech-nology grant program. Sec. 123. Making permanent authority to guarantee payment of principal and interest on certificates or other securities. Sec. 124. Making permanent authority for calculating net value of real property at time of foreclosure. Sec. 125. Extension of authority relating to vendee loans. Sec. 126. Making permanent authority to provide rehabilitation and vo-cational benefits to members of the Armed Forces with severe injuries or illnesses. Sec. 127. Extension of authority to enter into agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences re-garding associations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in herbicides. Subtitle C—Homeless Veterans Matters Sec. 141. Extension of authority for home-less veterans reintegration pro-grams. Sec. 142. Extension of authority for home-less women veterans and home-less veterans with children re-integration program. Sec. 143. Extension of authority for referral and counseling services for vet-erans at risk of homelessness transitioning from certain in-stitutions. Sec. 144. Extension of authority for treat-ment and rehabilitation serv-ices for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. Sec. 145. Extension of authority for financial assistance for supportive serv-ices for very low-income vet-eran families in permanent housing. Sec. 146. Extension of authority for grant program for homeless veterans with special needs. Sec. 147. Extension of authority for the Ad-visory Committee on Homeless Veterans. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 161. Extension of authority for trans-portation of individuals to and from Department of Veterans Affairs facilities. Sec. 162. Extension of authority for oper-ation of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs regional office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines. Sec. 163. Extension of authority for monthly assistance allowances under the Office of National Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. Sec. 164. Extension of requirement to pro-vide reports to Congress regard-ing equitable relief in the case of administrative error. Sec. 165. Extension of authorization of ap-propriations for adaptive sports programs for disabled veterans and members of the armed forces. Sec. 166. Extension of authority for Advi-sory Committee on Minority Veterans. TITLE II—IMPROVEMENT OF HEALTH CARE FROM DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS Sec. 201. Treatment of modifications of con-tracts under Veterans Commu-nity Care program. Sec. 202. Modification of provision requiring recognition and acceptance, on an interim basis, of credentials and qualifications of health care providers under commu-nity care program. Sec. 203. Expansion of coverage of Veterans Care Agreements. Sec. 204. Modification of authority for de-duction of overpayments for health care. Sec. 205. Modification of eligibility of former members of the Armed Forces for mental and behav-ioral health care from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 206. Access of health care providers of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to drug monitoring pro-grams that do not participate in the national network. Sec. 207. Elimination of report on activities and proposals involving con-tracting for performance by contractor personnel of work previously performed by De-partment employees. Sec. 208. Additional report on increased availability of opioid receptor antagonists. Sec. 209. Expansion of health care assess-ment to include all territories of the United States and the as-sessment of extended care serv-ices. Sec. 210. Authorization of major medical fa-cility project at Department of Veterans Affairs West Los An-geles Medical Center. Sec. 211. Technical amendments to VA MIS-SION Act of 2018 and amend-ments made by that Act. TITLE III—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 301. Approval of courses of education provided by public institutions of higher education for pur-poses of training and rehabili-tation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities con-ditional on in-State tuition rate for veterans. Sec. 302. Corrective action for certain De-partment of Veterans Affairs employees for conflicts of inter-est with educational institu-tions operated for profit. Sec. 303. Modification of compliance require-ments for particular leases re-lating to Department of Vet-erans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.011 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8755 September 25, 2018 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY Subtitle A—Health Care Matters 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR COL-LECTION OF COPAYMENTS FOR HOS-PITAL CARE AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
Section 1710(f)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE NURSING HOME CARE TO CER-TAIN VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
Section 1710A(d) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 103. REMOVAL OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR CAREGIVERS. 
Section 1720G is amended by striking sub-section (e). 
SEC. 104. MAKING PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR RECOVERY FROM THIRD PARTIES OF COST OF CARE AND SERVICES FURNISHED TO VETERANS WITH HEALTH-PLAN CONTRACTS FOR NON-SERVICE-CONNECTED DIS-ABILITY. 
Section 1729(a)(2)(E) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘be-fore September 30, 2019,’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-FER OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 8118(a)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON ASSISTANCE FOR CHILD CARE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS RECEIVING HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (e) of section 205 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1144; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, and 2020’’. 
SEC. 107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS TO VETERANS SERVICE OR-GANIZATIONS FOR TRANSPOR-TATION OF HIGHLY RURAL VET-ERANS. 
Section 307(d) of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1154; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 108. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON COUNSELING IN RE-TREAT SETTINGS FOR WOMEN VET-ERANS NEWLY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (d) of section 203 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1143; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, and 2020’’. SEC. 109. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY EXPAN-SION OF PAYMENTS AND ALLOW-ANCES FOR BENEFICIARY TRAVEL IN CONNECTION WITH VETERANS RECEIVING CARE FROM VET CEN-TERS. 
Section 104(a) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 126 Stat. 1169), as amended by section 109(a) of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–62; 131 Stat. 1162), is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. Subtitle B—Benefits Matters 
SEC. 121. MAKING PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR TEMPORARY EXPANSION OF ELIGI-BILITY FOR SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN VETERANS WITH DISABILITIES CAUSING DIFFICULTY AMBULATING. 
Section 2101(a)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) Except’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) In each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In any fiscal year, the Secretary’’. 
SEC. 122. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR SPE-CIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSIST-IVE TECHNOLOGY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 2108(g) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 123. MAKING PERMANENT AUTHORITY TO GUARANTEE PAYMENT OF PRIN-CIPAL AND INTEREST ON CERTIFI-CATES OR OTHER SECURITIES. 
Section 3720(h) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by striking ‘‘(1)’’. 
SEC. 124. MAKING PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR CALCULATING NET VALUE OF REAL PROPERTY AT TIME OF FORE-CLOSURE. 
Section 3732(c) is amended by striking paragraph (11). 
SEC. 125. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO VENDEE LOANS. 
Section 3733(a)(7) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019,’’. 
SEC. 126. MAKING PERMANENT AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE REHABILITATION AND VO-CATIONAL BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH SE-VERE INJURIES OR ILLNESSES. 
Section 1631(b) of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by striking ‘‘(1) 
IN GENERAL .—’’. 
SEC. 127. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREEMENT WITH THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES RE-GARDING ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN DISEASES AND EXPOSURE TO DIOXIN AND OTHER CHEMICAL COM-POUNDS IN HERBICIDES. 
Section 3(i) of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4; 38 U.S.C. 1116 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. Subtitle C—Homeless Veterans Matters 
SEC. 141. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS VETERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2021(e)(1)(F) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 142. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS WOMEN VETERANS AND HOME-LESS VETERANS WITH CHILDREN REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2021A(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. SEC. 143. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REFER-RAL AND COUNSELING SERVICES FOR VETERANS AT RISK OF HOME-LESSNESS TRANSITIONING FROM CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 2023(d) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 144. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TREAT-MENT AND REHABILITATION SERV-ICES FOR SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL AND HOMELESS VETERANS. 
(a) G ENERAL TREATMENT .—Section 2031(b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES AT CERTAIN LOCA-
TIONS .—Section 2033(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 145. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR FINAN-CIAL ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORTIVE SERVICES FOR VERY LOW-INCOME VETERAN FAMILIES IN PERMANENT HOUSING. 
Section 2044(e)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (F) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(F) $340,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(G) $380,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
SEC. 146. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR GRANT PROGRAM FOR HOMELESS VET-ERANS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
Section 2061(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 147. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON HOME-LESS VETERANS. 
Section 2066(d) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2022’’. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 161. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-PORTATION OF INDIVIDUALS TO AND FROM DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS FACILITIES. 
Section 111A(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 162. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR OPER-ATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGIONAL OF-FICE IN MANILA, THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. 
Section 315(b) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 163. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOW-ANCES UNDER THE OFFICE OF NA-TIONAL VETERANS SPORTS PRO-GRAMS AND SPECIAL EVENTS. 
Section 322(d)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 164. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE REPORTS TO CONGRESS RE-GARDING EQUITABLE RELIEF IN THE CASE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
Section 503(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 165. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR ADAPTIVE SPORTS PROGRAMS FOR DISABLED VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 521A is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 166. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY VETERANS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (e) of section 544 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2022’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Subsection (c)(1) of such section is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.012 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8756 September 25, 2018 
amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘each year’’ and in-serting ‘‘every other year’’. TITLE II—IMPROVEMENT OF HEALTH CARE FROM DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS 
SEC. 201. TREATMENT OF MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS UNDER VETERANS COM-MUNITY CARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1703(h)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The Secretary shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the requirement to enter into consolidated, com-petitively bid contracts shall not restrict the authority of the Secretary under other pro-visions of law when modifying such a con-tract after entering into the contract.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the effective date specified in section 101(b) of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining In-ternal Systems and Strengthening Inte-grated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182). 
SEC. 202. MODIFICATION OF PROVISION REQUIR-ING RECOGNITION AND ACCEPT-ANCE, ON AN INTERIM BASIS, OF CREDENTIALS AND QUALIFICATIONS OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS UNDER COMMUNITY CARE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1703(h)(5)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the date of the enactment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the effective date specified in section 101(b)’’. 
SEC. 203. EXPANSION OF COVERAGE OF VET-ERANS CARE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1703A is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual eligible for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this title or any other law adminis-tered by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1703A is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘vet-eran’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘veteran’s’’ and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (2) in subsection (e)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘vet-eran’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (3) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘vet-erans’’ and inserting ‘‘covered individuals’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (4) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘to vet-erans’’ and inserting ‘‘to covered individ-uals’’; and (5) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘any veteran’’ and insert-ing ‘‘any covered individual’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘to veterans’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to covered individ-uals’’. 
SEC. 204. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR DE-DUCTION OF OVERPAYMENTS FOR HEALTH CARE. 
Section 1703D(e)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and may use any other means authorized by another provision of law to correct or recover overpayments’’. SEC. 205. MODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY OF FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR MENTAL AND BEHAV-IORAL HEALTH CARE FROM THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 1720I(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘is not otherwise eligible to enroll’’ and in-serting ‘‘is not enrolled’’. 
SEC. 206. ACCESS OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS THAT DO NOT PARTICI-PATE IN THE NATIONAL NETWORK. 
Section 1730B is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, or any individual State or regional prescription drug monitoring program,’’ after ‘‘pro-grams’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘such network’’ and inserting ‘‘the national net-work of State-based prescription monitoring programs, or, if providing care in a State that does not participate in such national network, an individual State or regional pre-scription drug monitoring program,’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, or any individual State or regional prescription drug monitoring program,’’ after programs; and (2) in subsection (c)(2) by inserting ‘‘, or any individual State or regional prescription drug monitoring program,’’ after ‘‘pro-grams’’. 
SEC. 207. ELIMINATION OF REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES AND PROPOSALS INVOLVING CONTRACTING FOR PERFORMANCE BY CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL OF WORK PREVIOUSLY PERFORMED BY DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
Section 8110 is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. 
SEC. 208. ADDITIONAL REPORT ON INCREASED AVAILABILITY OF OPIOID RECEPTOR ANTAGONISTS. 
Section 911(e)(2) of the Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act (Public Law 114– 198; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘and not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018’’ before ‘‘the Secretary shall’’. 
SEC. 209. EXPANSION OF HEALTH CARE ASSESS-MENT TO INCLUDE ALL TERRI-TORIES OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE ASSESSMENT OF EXTENDED CARE SERVICES. 
Section 213 of the John S. McCain III, Dan-iel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strength-ening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (1) in the section header, by striking ‘‘
PA-
CIFIC TERRITORIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TERRI -
TORIES OF THE UNITED STATES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘180 days’’ and inserting ‘‘270 days’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Pacific territories’’ and inserting ‘‘territories of the United States’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Pacific territories’’ and in-serting ‘‘territories of the United States’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) Extended care.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘community-based out-patient clinic’’ and inserting ‘‘medical facil-ity’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Pacific territory’’ and in-serting ‘‘territory of the United States’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘Pacific territories’’ and inserting ‘‘territories of the United States’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and’’; and (C) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands’’. SEC. 210. AUTHORIZATION OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT AT DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WEST LOS ANGELES MEDICAL CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the major med-ical facility project described in subsection (b) in fiscal year 2019, in an amount not to exceed $35,000,000. (b) M
AJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT .— The major medical facility project described in this subsection is the construction of a new regional food services facility building on the campus of the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in West Los Angeles, California, to replace the seis-mically deficient Building 300, Regional Food Service Facility, which is located on the north campus of the medical center as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 211. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO VA MIS-SION ACT OF 2018 AND AMEND-MENTS MADE BY THAT ACT. 
(a) T ITLE 38.— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PERFORMANCE  
AWARDS AND BONUSES .—Section 726(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’. (2) V
ETERANS CARE AGREEMENTS .—Section 1703A(h)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’. (3) A
CCESS STANDARDS .—Section 1703B(i) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) The term’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In this section: ‘‘(1) The term’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by moving subpara-graphs (A) and (B) two ems to the right; (C) by moving paragraph (2) two ems to the right; and (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘means’’. (4) S
TANDARDS FOR QUALITY .—Section 1703C(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(c)(1) The term’’ and in-serting ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .— In this section: ‘‘(1) The term’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by moving subpara-graphs (A) and (B) two ems to the right; (C) by moving paragraph (2) two ems to the right; and (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘means’’. (5) P
ROMPT PAYMENT STANDARD .—Section 1703D(g)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘of this Act, as amended by the Caring for Our Vet-erans Act of 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this title’’. (6) R
EMEDIATION OF MEDICAL SERVICE  
LINES .—Section 1706A is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 1703(e)(1)’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. (7) W
ALK-IN CARE .—Section 1725A is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘or other agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘agreement, or other arrangement’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(4), by striking ‘‘Sec-tion 8153(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 8153(c) and 1703A(j)’’. (8) A
UTHORITY TO RECOVER THE COST OF  
SERVICES FURNISHED FOR NON -SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES .—Section 1729(a)(2)(D) is amending by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’. (9) A
GREEMENTS WITH STATE HOMES .—Sec- tion 1745(a)(4)(B)(ii)(III) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subchapter V of chapter 17 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.012 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8757 September 25, 2018 
(10) T RANSPLANT PROCEDURES WITH LIVE DO -
NORS AND RELATED SERVICES .—Section 1788(c) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’. (11) Q
UADRENNIAL VETERANS HEALTH ADMIN -
ISTRATION REVIEW .—Section 7330C is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Veterans Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Veterans Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Department’’; (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘of title 38, as added by section 102’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of this title’’; and (III) in subparagraph (H)(i), by striking ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs’’ and in-serting ‘‘Department’’;and (iii) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 1703C’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 1703(b)’’; (B) in subsection (b)(2)(I), by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 1706A’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such high performing’’ and inserting ‘‘a high-per-forming’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘such’’ before ‘‘a high-performing’’. (12) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SPE -
CIALTY EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 7693(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘is hired’’ and inserting ‘‘will be eli-gible for appointment’’. (b) VA MISSION ACT.— (1) T
RAINING PROGRAM FOR ADMINISTRATION  
OF NON -DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE .—Section 122(a)(2) of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Main-taining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended by striking ‘‘such title’’ and inserting ‘‘title 38, United States Code’’. (2) P
ROCESSES FOR SAFE OPIOID PRESCRIBING  
PRACTICES BY NON -DEPARTMENT PROVIDERS .— Section 131 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Main-taining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘of title 38, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘section 1703(a)(2)(A)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘of this title’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of this Act’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘of such title’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 1703A(e)(2)(F)’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘covered veterans’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘veterans’’. (3) P
LANS FOR SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—Section 141 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended by striking ‘‘Whenever the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Whenever the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs’’. (4) T
ELEMEDICINE REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 151(c)(1) of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Net-works Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1730B’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1730C’’. (5) E
XPANSION OF FAMILY CAREGIVER PRO -
GRAM .—Section 161(a)(1)(B) of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Net-works Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended by striking ‘‘such title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘title 38, United States Code’’. (6) SPECIALTY EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT  
PROGRAM .—Section 303 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘of Vet-erans Affairs’’ after ‘‘Department’’; and (B) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘estab-lished’’ and inserting ‘‘under subchapter VIII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, as enacted’’. (7) V
ETERANS HEALING VETERANS MEDICAL  
ACCESS AND SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 304 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Main-taining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘covered medical schools’’ and inserting ‘‘covered medical school’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘entitled to’’ and inserting ‘‘concurrently receiving’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (iii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (E) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. (8) D
EVELOPMENT OF CRITERIA FOR DESIGNA -
TION OF CERTAIN MEDICAL FACILITIES AS UN -
DERSERVED FACILITIES AND PLAN TO ADDRESS  
PROBLEM OF UNDERSERVED FACILITIES .—Sec- tion 401 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Main-taining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(5), by adding ‘‘or the applicable access standards developed under section 1703B of title 38, United States Code’’ after ‘‘the wait-time goals of the Depart-ment’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘section 407’’ and inserting ‘‘section 402’’. (9) P
ILOT PROGRAM ON GRADUATE MEDICAL  
EDUCATION AND RESIDENCY .—Section 403(b)(4) of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining In-ternal Systems and Strengthening Inte-grated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended by inserting ‘‘under’’ after ‘‘an agreement’’. (10) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
MEDICAL SCRIBE PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 507 of the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining In-ternal Systems and Strengthening Inte-grated Outside Networks Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘as de-termine’’ and inserting ‘‘as determined’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘speciality’’ and inserting ‘‘specialty’’. TITLE III—OTHER MATTERS SEC. 301. APPROVAL OF COURSES OF EDUCATION PROVIDED BY PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION FOR PUR-POSES OF TRAINING AND REHABILI-TATION FOR VETERANS WITH SERV-ICE-CONNECTED DISABILITIES CON-DITIONAL ON IN-STATE TUITION RATE FOR VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3679(c) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘chapter 30 or 33’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 30, 31, or 33’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) An individual who is entitled to reha-bilitation under section 3102(a) of this title.’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(A) or (2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(A), (2)(B), or (2)(C)’’; and (4) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘chapters 30 and 33’’ and inserting ‘‘chapters 30, 31, and 33’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to courses of education provided during a quar-ter, semester, or term, as applicable, that be-gins after March 1, 2019. 
SEC. 302. CORRECTIVE ACTION FOR CERTAIN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES FOR CONFLICTS OF IN-TEREST WITH EDUCATIONAL INSTI-TUTIONS OPERATED FOR PROFIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3683 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EPARTMENT OFFICERS AND EMPLOY -
EES.—(1) An officer or employee of the De-partment shall receive corrective action or disciplinary action if such officer or em-ployee— ‘‘(A) has, while serving as such an officer or employee, owned any interest in, or re-ceived any wage, salary, dividend, profit, or gift from, any educational institution oper-ated for profit; or ‘‘(B) has, while serving as a covered officer or employee of the Department, received any service from any educational institution op-erated for profit. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘covered officer or employee of the Department’ means an officer or employee of the Depart-ment who— ‘‘(A) works on the administration of bene-fits under chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, or 36 of this title; or ‘‘(B) has a potential conflict of interest in-volving an educational institution operated for profit, as determined by the Secretary.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘If the Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TATE APPROVING AGENCY EMPLOY -
EES.—If the Secretary’’; (B) by striking ‘‘wages, salary, dividends, profits, gratuities, or services’’ and inserting ‘‘wage, salary, dividend, profit, or gift’’; (C) by striking ‘‘in which an eligible person or veteran was pursuing a program of edu-cation or course under this chapter or chap-ter 34 or 35 of this title’’; (D) by striking ‘‘terminate the employ-ment of’’ and inserting ‘‘provide corrective action or disciplinary action with respect to’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘while such person is an of-ficer or employee of the State approving agency, or State department of veterans’ af-fairs or State department of education’’ and inserting ‘‘until the completion of such cor-rective action or disciplinary action’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘A State approving agen-cy’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL OF COURSES .—A State approving agency’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.012 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8758 September 25, 2018 
(B) by striking ‘‘of Veterans Affairs’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘wages, salary, dividends, profits, gratuities, or services’’ and inserting ‘‘wage, salary, dividend, profit, or gift’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary may’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary may’’; (B) by striking ‘‘of Veterans Affairs’’; (C) by striking ‘‘, after reasonable notice and public hearings,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall provide public no-tice of any waiver granted under this sub-section by not later than 30 days after the date on which such waiver is granted.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to conflicts of inter-est that occur on or after that date. 
SEC. 303. MODIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR PARTICULAR LEASES RELATING TO DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WEST LOS ANGELES CAMPUS. 
Section 2(h)(1) of the West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–226) is amended by striking ‘‘any lease or land-shar-ing agreement at the Campus’’ and inserting ‘‘any new lease or land-sharing agreement at the Campus that is not in compliance with such laws’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3479, the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018. This legislation represents bipar-tisan, bicameral agreement that would extend a number of expiring authori-ties impacting the lives of our veterans and their caregivers, their dependents, and their survivors. Swift passage of this legislation today would ensure that many of the benefits, programs, and services that they rely on would continue. The authorities that would be ex-tended in this bill include authorities to provide nursing home care, coun-seling for women veterans, assistance for homeless veterans, transportation, childcare, adaptive sports programs, and housing and home loan services, just to name a few. To be clear, these are not new au-thorities. The costs associated with them have been assumed in the House- passed appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 and the 2020 advance appro-priations. In addition to the extension of cur-rent programs, the bill would also make permanent several provisions, in-cluding provisions related to VA’s home loan program. It makes perma-nent the authority for disabled service-members to begin using VA vocational rehabilitation and employment bene-fits while on Active Duty. It makes permanent eligibility for specially adaptive housing grants for certain post-9/11 veterans who have sustained severe disabilities while on Active Duty. It makes permanent VA’s authority to recover the cost of care for nonservice-connected care. Finally, it makes permanent supportive serv-ices for caregivers, homeless veterans, and their families. The permanent authorization of these programs gives certainty to VA when administering them and cer-tainty, most importantly, to the bene-ficiaries who rely on them. The bill would also require that a school offer instate tuition rates to veterans using vocational rehabilita-tion and employment benefits in order to be eligible for the GI Bill. This change would align instate tuition rules for veterans using the benefit with those already in law for students using the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The bill also includes bipartisan com-promise language that clarifies conflict of interest rules for VA employees and for-profit schools. Finally, the bill would also make a number of technical and clarifying changes to strengthen important legis-lation that Congress has previously passed, including the VA MISSION Act, the West Los Angeles Leasing Act, and the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 3479, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3479, the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018. S. 3479 makes sure that some of the vital programs we have in place to take care of our veterans continue past the end of the fiscal year and continue to help our veterans. Included in this bill are provisions related to healthcare, benefits, homeless veterans, and other related issues. I am pleased to support extending programs related to support services for caregivers, childcare for certain veterans receiving healthcare, and a pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly sep-arated from service. It also has provisions to extend the authority related to rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the Armed Forces with severe injuries or illnesses, homeless veterans reintegra-tion programs, homeless women vet-erans and homeless veterans with chil-dren, and providing housing assistance and counseling to homeless and at-risk veterans. Also included are several extensions of authority for programs to help our disabled veterans, as well as the au-thority to enter into agreements with the National Academy of Sciences to review the research on links between diseases and dioxin exposure, a critical step in creating new Agent Orange pre-sumptions. These provisions are crucial in helping our aging Vietnam-era vet-eran population. The package also contains several technical corrections to the MISSION Act that we passed earlier this year. b1500 These corrections will help VA im-plement the law correctly, and all sides agree that they must become law quickly. In short, this is a bill that both the majority and the minority support, and we all agree that it must be signed into law as soon as possible. I urge all my fellow Members to support its passage. I thank the chairman and his staff for working with the minority on this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend on the committee, Mr. TAKANO , for his friendship, for his sup-port, and for his leadership. I think it is notable and remind our colleagues and the American people that we have passed out of this Cham-ber 80 bipartisan bills that support our veterans, our heroes. Twenty-seven have become law of the land, delivering on our promises to those who swore an oath and made the sacrifice and served and protected us and our freedom. God bless our veterans. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support S. 3479, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, likewise, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his friend-ship and for the work that we have done together in a bipartisan fashion on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I am also proud of the bipartisan work that we have accomplished together on behalf of our veterans. I say God bless our veterans as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing S. 3479, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, again, we encourage all Members to support S. 3479, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3479. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.012 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8759 September 25, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PANDEMIC AND ALL-HAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND ADVANC-ING INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6378) to reauthorize certain programs under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to public health security and all- hazards preparedness and response, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6378 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING THE NA-TIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY Sec. 101. National Health Security Strategy. TITLE II—IMPROVING PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE Sec. 201. Improving benchmarks and stand-ards for preparedness and re-sponse. Sec. 202. Amendments to preparedness and response programs. Sec. 203. Regional health care emergency preparedness and response sys-tems. Sec. 204. Military and civilian partnership for trauma readiness. Sec. 205. Public health and health care sys-tem situational awareness and biosurveillance capabilities. Sec. 206. Strengthening and supporting the public health emergency rapid response fund. Sec. 207. Improving all-hazards preparedness and response by public health emergency volunteers. Sec. 208. Clarifying State liability law for volunteer health care profes-sionals. Sec. 209. Report on adequate national blood supply. Sec. 210. Report on the public health pre-paredness and response capa-bilities and capacities of hos-pitals, long-term care facilities, and other health care facilities. TITLE III—REACHING ALL COMMUNITIES Sec. 301. Strengthening and assessing the emergency response workforce. Sec. 302. Health system infrastructure to improve preparedness and re-sponse. Sec. 303. Considerations for at-risk individ-uals. Sec. 304. Improving emergency preparedness and response considerations for children. Sec. 305. National advisory committees on disasters. Sec. 306. Guidance for participation in exer-cises and drills. TITLE IV—PRIORITIZING A THREAT- BASED APPROACH Sec. 401. Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response. Sec. 402. Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise. Sec. 403. Strategic National Stockpile. Sec. 404. Preparing for pandemic influenza, antimicrobial resistance, and other significant threats. Sec. 405. Reporting on the Federal Select Agent Program. TITLE V—INCREASING COMMUNICATION IN MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE AD-VANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT Sec. 501. Medical countermeasure budget plan. Sec. 502. Material threat and medical coun-termeasure notifications. Sec. 503. Availability of regulatory manage-ment plans. Sec. 504. The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and the BioShield Special Re-serve Fund. Sec. 505. Additional strategies for com-bating antibiotic resistance. TITLE VI—ADVANCING TECHNOLOGIES FOR MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES Sec. 601. Administration of counter-measures. Sec. 602. Updating definitions of other trans-actions. Sec. 603. Medical countermeasure master files. Sec. 604. Animal rule report. Sec. 605. Review of the benefits of genomic engineering technologies and their potential role in national security. Sec. 606. Report on vaccines development. Sec. 607. Strengthening mosquito abatement for safety and health. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 701. Reauthorizations and extensions. Sec. 702. Location of materials in the stock-pile. Sec. 703. Cybersecurity. Sec. 704. Technical amendments. Sec. 705. Formal strategy relating to chil-dren separated from parents and guardians as a result of zero tolerance policy. Sec. 706. Reporting relating to children sep-arated from parents and guard-ians as a result of zero toler-ance policy. Sec. 707. Technical correction. Sec. 708. Savings clause. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY 
SEC. 101. NATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRAT-EGY. 
Section 2802 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘Such National Health Security Strategy shall describe potential emergency health security threats and iden-tify the process for achieving the prepared-ness goals described in subsection (b) to be prepared to identify and respond to such threats and shall be consistent with the na-tional preparedness goal (as described in sec-tion 504(a)(19) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002), the National Incident Management System (as defined in section 501(7) of such Act), and the National Response Plan devel-oped pursuant to section 504 of such Act, or any successor plan.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end of the second sentence the following: ‘‘, and an analysis of any changes to the evidence-based benchmarks and objec-tive standards under sections 319C–1 and 319C–2’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘(including gaps in the en-vironmental health and animal health workforces, as applicable), describing the status of such workforce’’ after ‘‘gaps in such workforce’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘and identifying strate-gies’’ and inserting ‘‘identifying strategies’’; and (iv) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘, and identifying current capabilities to meet the requirements of section 2803’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and investigation’’ and inserting ‘‘investigation, and related information technology activi-ties’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and decontamination’’ and inserting ‘‘decon-tamination, relevant health care services and supplies, and transportation and disposal of medical waste’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) Response to environmental hazards.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘including mental health’’ and inserting ‘‘including pharmacies, mental health facilities,’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or exposures to agents that could cause a public health emergency’’ before the period; (C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and other applicable compacts’’ after ‘‘Com-pact’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) ZOONOTIC DISEASE , FOOD , AND AGRI -
CULTURE .—Improving coordination among Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial entities (including through consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture) to pre-vent, detect, and respond to outbreaks of plant or animal disease (including zoonotic disease) that could compromise national se-curity resulting from a deliberate attack, a naturally occurring threat, the intentional adulteration of food, or other public health threats, taking into account interactions be-tween animal health, human health, and ani-mals’ and humans’ shared environment as di-rectly related to public health emergency preparedness and response capabilities, as applicable. ‘‘(10) G
LOBAL HEALTH SECURITY .—Assessing current or potential health security threats from abroad to inform domestic public health preparedness and response capabili-ties.’’. TITLE II—IMPROVING PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE 
SEC. 201. IMPROVING BENCHMARKS AND STAND-ARDS FOR PREPAREDNESS AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) E VALUATING MEASURABLE EVIDENCE - 
BASED BENCHMARKS AND OBJECTIVE STAND -
ARDS .—Section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a) is amended by inserting after subsection (j) the following: ‘‘(k) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the evidence-based benchmarks and objective standards required under sub-section (g). Such evaluation shall be sub-mitted to the congressional committees of jurisdiction together with the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802, at such time as such strategy is submitted. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The evaluation under this paragraph shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.024 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8760 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(A) a review of evidence-based bench-marks and objective standards, and associ-ated metrics and targets; ‘‘(B) a discussion of changes to any evi-dence-based benchmarks and objective standards, and the effect of such changes on the ability to track whether entities are meeting or making progress toward the goals under this section and, to the extent prac-ticable, the applicable goals of the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802; ‘‘(C) a description of amounts received by eligible entities described in subsection (b) and section 319C–2(b), and amounts received by subrecipients and the effect of such fund-ing on meeting evidence-based benchmarks and objective standards; and ‘‘(D) recommendations, as applicable and appropriate, to improve evidence-based benchmarks and objective standards to more accurately assess the ability of entities re-ceiving awards under this section to better achieve the goals under this section and sec-tion 2802.’’. (b) E
VALUATING THE PARTNERSHIP FOR  S
TATE AND REGIONAL HOSPITAL PREPARED -
NESS.—Section 319C–2(i)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247–3b(i)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 319C–1(g), (i), and (j)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 319C–1(g), (i), (j), and (k)’’. 
SEC. 202. AMENDMENTS TO PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE PROGRAMS. 
(a) C OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT APPLICATIONS  
FOR IMPROVING STATE AND LOCAL PUBLIC  H
EALTH SECURITY .—Section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘, including public health agencies with specific expertise that may be relevant to public health secu-rity, such as environmental health agen-cies,’’ after ‘‘stakeholders’’; (B) by redesignating clauses (vii) through (ix) as clauses (viii) through (x); (C) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) a description of how, as applicable, such entity may integrate information to ac-count for individuals with behavioral health needs following a public health emergency;’’; (D) in clause (ix), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in clause (x), as so redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xi) a description of how the entity will partner with health care facilities, including hospitals and nursing homes and other long- term care facilities, to promote and improve public health preparedness and response; and ‘‘(xii) a description of how, as appropriate and practicable, the entity will include crit-ical infrastructure partners, such as utility companies within the entity’s jurisdiction, in planning pursuant to this subparagraph to help ensure that critical infrastructure will remain functioning during, or return to func-tion as soon as practicable after, a public health emergency.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO APPLICATION OF  C
ERTAIN REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 319C–1(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 3a(g)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2019’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘for the immediately pre-ceding fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘for either of the two immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (A) of para-graph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The amounts described in this paragraph are the following amounts that are payable to an entity for activities described in section 319C–1 or 319C–2: ‘‘(i) For one (but not both) of the first two fiscal years immediately following a fiscal year in which an entity experienced a failure described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (5) by the entity, an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount the entity was eli-gible to receive for the respective fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) For one (but not both) of the first two fiscal years immediately following the third consecutive fiscal year in which an entity experienced such a failure, in lieu of apply-ing clause (i), an amount equal to 15 percent of the amount the entity was eligible to re-ceive for the respective fiscal year.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-spect to cooperative agreements awarded on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) P
ARTNERSHIP FOR STATE AND REGIONAL  H
OSPITAL PREPAREDNESS TO IMPROVE SURGE  C
APACITY .—Section 319C–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the As-sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Re-sponse,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘preparedness for public health emergencies’’ and inserting ‘‘pre-paredness for, and response to, public health emergencies in accordance with subsection (c)’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘partnership consisting of’’ and inserting ‘‘coalition that includes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) one or more emergency medical serv-ice organizations or emergency management organizations; and’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘part-nership’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘coalition’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘med-ical preparedness’’ and inserting ‘‘prepared-ness and response’’; (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘partner-ship’’ and inserting ‘‘coalition’’; (5) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Partnerships’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Coalitions’’; (B) by striking ‘‘partnerships’’ and insert-ing ‘‘coalitions’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘and response’’ after ‘‘pre-paredness’’; and (6) in subsection (i)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘An entity’’ and inserting ‘‘A coalition’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such partnership’’ and in-serting ‘‘such coalition’’. (d) P
UBLIC HEALTH SECURITY GRANTS AU-
THORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 319C–1(h)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(h)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$641,900,000 for fiscal year 2014’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$685,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 for awards pursu-ant to paragraph (3) (subject to the author-ity of the Secretary to make awards pursu-ant to paragraphs (4) and (5)).’’. (e) P
ARTNERSHIP FOR STATE AND REGIONAL  H
OSPITAL PREPAREDNESS AUTHORIZATION OF  A
PPROPRIATIONS .—Section 319C–2(j) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 3b(j)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For purposes of carrying out this section and section 319C–3, in accordance with subpara-graph (B), there is authorized to be appro-priated $385,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) R
ESERVATION OF AMOUNTS FOR RE -
GIONAL SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), of the amount appropriated under subpara-graph (A) for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent for the purpose of carrying out section 319C–3. ‘‘(ii) R
ESERVATION CONTINGENT ON CONTIN -
UED APPROPRIATIONS FOR THIS SECTION .—If for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fiscal year, the amount appropriated under subpara-graph (A) is such that, after application of clause (i), the amount remaining for the pur-pose of carrying out this section would be less than the amount available for such pur-pose for the previous fiscal year, the amount that may be reserved under clause (i) shall be reduced such that the amount remaining for the purpose of carrying out this section is not less than the amount available for such purpose for the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(iii) S
UNSET .—The authority to reserve amounts under clause (i) shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2023.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) for a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (1)(A) for a fiscal year and not reserved for the purpose described in paragraph (1)(B)(i)’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1) and not reserved under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and not reserved under paragraph (1)(B)(i) or (2)’’. 
SEC. 203. REGIONAL HEALTH CARE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 319C–2 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319C–3. GUIDELINES FOR REGIONAL HEALTH CARE EMERGENCY PRE-PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE SYS-TEMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to identify and provide guidelines for regional systems of hospitals, health care fa-cilities, and other public and private sector entities, with varying levels of capability to treat patients and increase medical surge ca-pacity during, in advance of, and imme-diately following a public health emergency, including threats posed by one or more chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious dis-eases. ‘‘(b) G
UIDELINES .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, in consulta-tion with the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, the Adminis-trator of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administra-tion, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the heads of such other Federal agencies as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, and State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials, shall, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section— ‘‘(1) identify and develop a set of guidelines relating to practices and protocols for all- hazards public health emergency prepared-ness and response for hospitals and health care facilities to provide appropriate patient care during, in advance of, or immediately following, a public health emergency, result-ing from one or more chemical, biological, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8761 September 25, 2018 
radiological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious diseases (which may in-clude existing practices, such as trauma care and medical surge capacity and capabilities), with respect to— ‘‘(A) a regional approach to identifying hospitals and health care facilities based on varying capabilities and capacity to treat patients affected by such emergency, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the manner in which the system will coordinate with and integrate the partner-ships and health care coalitions established under section 319C–2(b); and ‘‘(ii) informing and educating appropriate first responders and health care supply chain partners of the regional emergency prepared-ness and response capabilities and medical surge capacity of such hospitals and health care facilities in the community; ‘‘(B) physical and technological infrastruc-ture, laboratory capacity, staffing, blood supply, and other supply chain needs, taking into account resiliency, geographic consider-ations, and rural considerations; ‘‘(C) protocols or best practices for the safety and personal protection of workers who handle human remains and health care workers (including with respect to protective equipment and supplies, waste management processes, and decontamination), sharing of specialized experience among the health care workforce, behavioral health, psychological resilience, and training of the workforce, as applicable; ‘‘(D) in a manner that allows for disease containment (within the meaning of section 2802(b)(2)(B)), coordinated medical triage, treatment, and transportation of patients, based on patient medical need (including pa-tients in rural areas), to the appropriate hos-pitals or health care facilities within the re-gional system or, as applicable and appro-priate, between systems in different States or regions; and ‘‘(E) the needs of children and other at-risk individuals; ‘‘(2) make such guidelines available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services in a manner that does not compromise national security; and ‘‘(3) update such guidelines as appropriate, including based on input received pursuant to subsections (c) and (e) and information re-sulting from applicable reports required under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 (including any amendments made by such Act), to address new and emerging pub-lic health threats. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying, de-veloping, and updating guidelines under sub-section (b), the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response shall— ‘‘(1) include input from hospitals and health care facilities (including health care coalitions under section 319C–2), State, local, tribal, and territorial public health depart-ments, and health care or subject matter ex-perts (including experts with relevant exper-tise in chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, including emerging infec-tious diseases), as the Assistant Secretary determines appropriate, to meet the goals under section 2802(b)(3); ‘‘(2) consult and engage with appropriate health care providers and professionals, in-cluding physicians, nurses, first responders, health care facilities (including hospitals, primary care clinics, community health cen-ters, mental health facilities, ambulatory care facilities, and dental health facilities), pharmacies, emergency medical providers, trauma care providers, environmental health agencies, public health laboratories, poison control centers, blood banks, tissue banks, and other experts that the Assistant Sec-retary determines appropriate, to meet the goals under section 2802(b)(3); ‘‘(3) consider feedback related to financial implications for hospitals, health care facili-ties, public health agencies, laboratories, blood banks, tissue banks, and other entities engaged in regional preparedness planning to implement and follow such guidelines, as ap-plicable; and ‘‘(4) consider financial requirements and potential incentives for entities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emer-gencies as part of the regional health care emergency preparedness and response sys-tem. ‘‘(d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Assist-ant Secretary for Preparedness and Re-sponse, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion and the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, may pro-vide technical assistance and consultation toward meeting the guidelines described in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECT FOR RE-
GIONAL HEALTH CAREPREPAREDNESS AND RE-
SPONSE SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response may establish a demonstration project pursuant to the de-velopment and implementation of guidelines under subsection (b) to award grants to im-prove medical surge capacity for all hazards, build and integrate regional medical re-sponse capabilities, improve specialty care expertise for all-hazards response, and co-ordinate medical preparedness and response across State, local, tribal, territorial, and re-gional jurisdictions. ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’. (b) GAO R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, a report on the ex-tent to which hospitals and health care fa-cilities have implemented the recommended guidelines under section 319C–3(b) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (as added by sub-section (a)), including an analysis and eval-uation of any challenges hospitals or health care facilities experienced in implementing such guidelines. (2) C
ONTENT .—The Comptroller General shall include in the report under paragraph (1)— (A) data on the preparedness and response capabilities that have been informed by the guidelines under section 319C–3(b) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act to improve regional emergency health care preparedness and re-sponse capability, including hospital and health care facility capacity and medical surge capabilities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies; and (B) recommendations to reduce gaps in in-centives for regional health partners, includ-ing hospitals and health care facilities, to improve capacity and medical surge capabili-ties to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies, consistent with sub-section (a), which may include consideration of facilities participating in programs under section 319C–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b) or in programs under the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices (including innovative health care deliv-ery and payment models), and input from private sector financial institutions. (3) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out para-graphs (1) and (2), the Comptroller General shall consult with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, including— (A) the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response; (B) the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; (C) the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; (D) the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use; (E) the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health; and (F) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Section 319C–2(i)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b(i)(1)) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following ‘‘In submit-ting reports under this paragraph an entity shall include information on the progress that the entity has made toward the imple-mentation of section 319C–3 (or barriers to progress, if any).’’. (d) N
ATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY  I
NCORPORATION OF REGIONALIZED EMERGENCY  P
REPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE .—Subpara- graph (G) of section 2802(b)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(G) Optimizing a coordinated and flexible approach to the emergency response and medical surge capacity of hospitals, other health care facilities, critical care, trauma care (which may include trauma centers), and emergency medical systems.’’. (e) I
MPROVING STATE AND LOCAL PUBLIC  H
EALTH SECURITY .— (1) S
TATE AND LOCAL SECURITY .—Section 319C–1(e) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘, and local emergency plans.’’ and inserting ‘‘, local emergency plans, and any regional health care emergency preparedness and re-sponse system established pursuant to the applicable guidelines under section 319C–3.’’. (2) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Section 319C–2(d)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-3b(d)(1)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘;’’; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (C) inserting after clause (i), the following: ‘‘(ii) among one or more facilities in a re-gional health care emergency system under section 319C–3; and’’. 
SEC. 204. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS. 
Title XII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART I—MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PART-NERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1291. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNER-SHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) M ILITARY TRAUMA TEAM PLACEMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall award grants to not more than 20 eligible high acu-ity trauma centers to enable military trau-ma teams to provide, on a full-time basis, trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible high acuity trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 3 years and not more than 5 years (and may be re-newed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed $1,000,000 per year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8762 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(3) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, funds available to the Secretary for obliga-tion for a grant under this subsection shall remain available for expenditure for 100 days after the last day of the performance period of such grant. ‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER  P
LACEMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall award grants to eligible trauma centers to enable military trauma care providers to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 1 year and not more than 3 years (and may be re-newed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed, in a year— ‘‘(i) $100,000 for each military trauma care provider that is a physician at such eligible trauma center; and ‘‘(ii) $50,000 for each other military trauma care provider at such eligible trauma center. ‘‘(c) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EPLOYMENT AND PUBLIC HEALTH EMER -
GENCIES .—As a condition of receipt of a grant under this section, a grant recipient shall agree to allow military trauma care pro-viders providing care pursuant to such grant to— ‘‘(A) be deployed by the Secretary of De-fense for military operations, for training, or for response to a mass casualty incident; and ‘‘(B) be deployed by the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for response to a public health emergency pursuant to sec-tion 319. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under this section to an eligible trauma center may be used to train and incorporate mili-tary trauma care providers into such trauma center, including incorporation into oper-ational exercises and training drills related to public health emergencies, expenditures for malpractice insurance, office space, in-formation technology, specialty education and supervision, trauma programs, research, and applicable license fees for such military trauma care providers. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect any other provision of law that preempts State licensing requirements for health care pro-fessionals, including with respect to military trauma care providers. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY AND THE  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—Each eligible trau-ma center or eligible high acuity trauma center awarded a grant under subsection (a) or (b) for a year shall submit to the Sec-retary and the Secretary of Defense a report for such year that includes information on— ‘‘(A) the number and types of trauma cases managed by military trauma teams or mili-tary trauma care providers pursuant to such grant during such year; ‘‘(B) the ability to maintain the integra-tion of the military trauma providers or teams of providers as part of the trauma cen-ter, including the financial effect of such grant on the trauma center; ‘‘(C) the educational effect on resident trainees in centers where military trauma teams are assigned; ‘‘(D) any research conducted during such year supported by such grant; and ‘‘(E) any other information required by the Secretaries for the purpose of evaluating the effect of such grant. ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less than once every 2 years, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction that includes in-formation on the effect of placing military trauma care providers in trauma centers awarded grants under this section on— ‘‘(A) maintaining military trauma care providers’ readiness and ability to respond to and treat battlefield injuries; ‘‘(B) providing health care to civilian trau-ma patients in urban and rural settings; ‘‘(C) the capability of trauma centers and military trauma care providers to increase medical surge capacity, including as a result of a large scale event; ‘‘(D) the ability of grant recipients to maintain the integration of the military trauma providers or teams of providers as part of the trauma center; ‘‘(E) efforts to incorporate military trauma care providers into operational exercises and training and drills for public health emer-gencies; and ‘‘(F) the capability of military trauma care providers to participate as part of a medical response during or in advance of a public health emergency, as determined by the Sec-retary, or a mass casualty incident. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE TRAUMA CENTER .—The term ‘eligible trauma center’ means a Level I, II, or III trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable mili-tary trauma care providers to provide trau-ma care and related acute care at such trau-ma center. ‘‘(B) Such trauma center utilizes a risk-ad-justed benchmarking system and metrics to measure performance, quality, and patient outcomes. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center demonstrates a need for integrated military trauma care providers to maintain or improve the trauma clinical capability of such trauma center. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE HIGH ACUITY TRAUMA CEN -
TER.—The term ‘eligible high acuity trauma center’ means a Level I trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable mili-tary trauma teams to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma cen-ter. ‘‘(B) At least 20 percent of patients treated at such trauma center in the most recent 3- month period for which data are available are treated for a major trauma at such trau-ma center. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center utilizes a risk-ad-justed benchmarking system and metrics to measure performance, quality, and patient outcomes. ‘‘(D) Such trauma center is an academic training center— ‘‘(i) affiliated with a medical school; ‘‘(ii) that maintains residency programs and fellowships in critical trauma specialties and subspecialties, and provides education and supervision of military trauma team members according to those specialties and subspecialties; and ‘‘(iii) that undertakes research in the pre-vention and treatment of traumatic injury. ‘‘(E) Such trauma center serves as a med-ical and public health preparedness and re-sponse leader for its community, such as by participating in a partnership for State and regional hospital preparedness established under section 319C–2 or 319C–3. ‘‘(3) MAJOR TRAUMA .—The term ‘major trauma’ means an injury that is greater than or equal to 15 on the injury severity score. ‘‘(4) M
ILITARY TRAUMA TEAM .—The term ‘military trauma team’ means a complete military trauma team consisting of military trauma care providers. ‘‘(5) M
ILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER .— The term ‘military trauma care provider’ means a member of the Armed Forces who furnishes emergency, critical care, and other trauma acute care services (including a phy-sician, surgeon, physician assistant, nurse, nurse practitioner, respiratory therapist, flight paramedic, combat medic, or enlisted medical technician), or other military trau-ma care provider as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there are author-ized to be appropriated $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, of which— ‘‘(1) 
2⁄3of the amount made available each fiscal year shall be made available for grants under subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) 
1⁄3of the amount made available each fiscal year shall be made available for grants under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 205. PUBLIC HEALTH AND HEALTH CARE SYSTEM SITUATIONAL AWARENESS AND BIOSURVEILLANCE CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) F ACILITIES , C APACITIES , AND BIO-
SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIES .—Section 319D of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RE-
VITALIZING ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FACILITIES AND CA -
PACITIES OF ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ACILITIES ; CAPACITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N G
ENERAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and im-proved’’ and inserting ‘‘, improved, and ap-propriately maintained’’; (C) in paragraph (3), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ex-pand, enhance, and improve’’ and inserting ‘‘expand, improve, enhance, and appro-priately maintain’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
TUDY OF RESOURCES FOR FACILITIES  
AND CAPACITIES .—Not later than June 1, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on Federal spending in fiscal years 2013 through 2018 for activities authorized under this subsection. Such study shall include a review and assessment of ob-ligations and expenditures directly related to each activity under paragraphs (2) and (3), including a specific accounting of, and delin-eation between, obligations and expenditures incurred for the construction, renovation, equipping, and security upgrades of facilities and associated contracts under this sub-section, and the obligations and expenditures incurred to establish and improve the situa-tional awareness and biosurveillance net-work under subsection (b), and shall identify the agency or agencies incurring such obliga-tions and expenditures.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
ATIONAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘E STABLISHMENT  
OFSYSTEMS OF PUBLIC HEALTH ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘im-munization information systems,’’ after ‘‘centers,’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘develop a plan to, and’’ after ‘‘The Secretary shall’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and in a form readily usa-ble for analytical approaches’’ after ‘‘in a se-cure manner’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) S
TANDARDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8763 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Sec-retary, in cooperation with health care pro-viders, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials, and relevant Federal agencies (including the Office of the Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Technology and the National Institute of Standards and Technology), shall, as nec-essary, adopt technical and reporting stand-ards, including standards for interoperability as defined by section 3000, for networks under paragraph (1) and update such stand-ards as necessary. Such standards shall be made available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, in a manner that does not compromise na-tional security. ‘‘(B) D
EFERENCE TO STANDARDS DEVELOP -
MENT ORGANIZATIONS .—In adopting and im-plementing standards under this subsection and subsection (c), the Secretary shall give deference to standards published by stand-ards development organizations and vol-untary consensus-based standards entities.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, and improve as applica-ble and appropriate,’’ after ‘‘shall establish’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘of rapid’’ and inserting ‘‘of, rapid’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘such connectivity’’ and inserting ‘‘such interoperability’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION AND CONSULTATION .—In establishing and improving the network under paragraph (1) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) facilitate coordination among agen-cies within the Department of Health and Human Services that provide, or have the po-tential to provide, information and data to, and analyses for, the situational awareness and biosurveillance network under para-graph (1), including coordination among rel-evant agencies related to health care serv-ices, the facilitation of health information exchange (including the Office of the Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Technology), and public health emergency preparedness and response; and ‘‘(B) consult with the Secretary of Agri-culture, the Secretary of Commerce (and the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology), the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Sec-retary determines appropriate.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (E) as clauses (i) through (v), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (ii) in clause (iv), as so redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘immunization informa-tion systems,’’ after ‘‘poison control,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and clinical laboratories’’ and inserting ‘‘, clinical laboratories, and public environmental health agencies’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘The network’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The network’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and every 6 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct a re-view of the elements described in subpara-graph (A). Such review shall include a dis-cussion of the addition of any elements pur-suant to clause (v), including elements added to advancing new technologies, and identify any challenges in the incorporation of ele-ments under subparagraph (A). The Sec-retary shall provide such review to the con-gressional committees of jurisdiction.’’; (D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (ii) by striking ‘‘In establishing’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In establishing’’; (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary shall convene a public meeting for purposes of dis-cussing and providing input on the potential goals, functions, and uses of the network de-scribed in paragraph (1) and incorporating the elements described in paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(ii) E
XPERTS .—The public meeting shall include representatives of relevant Federal agencies (including representatives from the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology and the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology); State, local, tribal, and territorial public health of-ficials; stakeholders with expertise in bio-surveillance and situational awareness; stakeholders with expertise in capabilities relevant to biosurveillance and situational awareness, such as experts in informatics and data analytics (including experts in pre-diction, modeling, or forecasting); and other representatives as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(iii) T
OPICS .—Such public meeting shall include a discussion of— ‘‘(I) data elements, including minimal or essential data elements, that are voluntarily provided for such network, which may in-clude elements from public health and public and private health care entities, to the ex-tent practicable; ‘‘(II) standards and implementation speci-fications that may improve the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data during a public health emergency; ‘‘(III) strategies to encourage the access, exchange, and use of information; ‘‘(IV) considerations for State, local, trib-al, and territorial capabilities and infra-structure related to data exchange and inter-operability; ‘‘(V) privacy and security protections pro-vided at the Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial levels, and by nongovernmental stakeholders; and ‘‘(VI) opportunities for the incorporation of innovative technologies to improve the network.’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (A), as so designated by clause (ii)— (I) in clause (i), as so redesignated— (aa) by striking ‘‘as determined’’ and in-serting ‘‘as adopted’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘and the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology’’ after ‘‘Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology’’; (II) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (III) in clause (iv), as so redesignated, by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) pilot test standards and implementa-tion specifications, consistent with the proc-ess described in section 3002(b)(3)(C), which State, local, tribal, and territorial public health entities may utilize, on a voluntary basis, as a part of the network.’’; (E) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); (F) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION  
PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional committees of jurisdiction a coordinated strategy and an accompanying implementa-tion plan that— ‘‘(i) is informed by the public meeting under paragraph (5)(B); ‘‘(ii) includes a review and assessment of existing capabilities of the network and re-lated infrastructure, including input pro-vided by the public meeting under paragraph (5)(B); ‘‘(iii) identifies and demonstrates the measurable steps the Secretary will carry out to— ‘‘(I) develop, implement, and evaluate the network described in paragraph (1), utilizing elements described in paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(II) modernize and enhance biosurveil-lance activities, including strategies to in-clude innovative technologies and analytical approaches (including prediction and fore-casting for pandemics and all-hazards) from public and private entities; ‘‘(III) improve information sharing, coordi-nation, and communication among disparate biosurveillance systems supported by the De-partment of Health and Human Services, in-cluding the identification of methods to im-prove accountability, better utilize resources and workforce capabilities, and incorporate innovative technologies within and across agencies; and ‘‘(IV) test and evaluate capabilities of the interoperable network of systems to improve situational awareness and biosurveillance capabilities; ‘‘(iv) includes performance measures and the metrics by which performance measures will be assessed with respect to the measur-able steps under clause (iii); and ‘‘(v) establishes dates by which each meas-urable step under clause (iii) will be imple-mented. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and on an annual basis thereafter, in accordance with the strategy and implementation plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall, taking into account recommendations provided by the National Biodefense Science Board, de-velop a budget plan based on the strategy and implementation plan under this section. Such budget plan shall include— ‘‘(i) a summary of resources previously ex-pended to establish, improve, and utilize the nationwide public health situational aware-ness and biosurveillance network under para-graph (1); ‘‘(ii) estimates of costs and resources need-ed to establish and improve the network under paragraph (1) according to the strat-egy and implementation plan under subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(iii) the identification of gaps and ineffi-ciencies in nationwide public health situa-tional awareness and biosurveillance capa-bilities, resources, and authorities needed to address such gaps; and ‘‘(iv) a strategy to minimize and address such gaps and improve inefficiencies.’’; (G) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(tak-ing into account zoonotic disease, including gaps in scientific understanding of the inter-actions between human, animal, and envi-ronmental health)’’ after ‘‘human health’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8764 September 25, 2018 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and gaps in surveillance programs’’ after ‘‘surveillance programs’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, animal health organiza-tions related to zoonotic disease,’’ after ‘‘health care entities’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide recommendations to the Sec-retary on policies and procedures to com-plete the steps described in this paragraph in a manner that is consistent with section 2802.’’; and (H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS AND BIO -
SURVEILLANCE AS A NATIONAL SECURITY PRI -
ORITY .—The Secretary, on a periodic basis as applicable and appropriate, shall meet with the Director of National Intelligence to in-form the development and capabilities of the nationwide public health situational aware-ness and biosurveillance network.’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘environmental health agencies,’’ after ‘‘public health agencies,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘immunization pro-grams,’’ after ‘‘poison control centers,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) an implementation plan that may in-clude measurable steps to achieve the pur-poses described in paragraph (1).’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance to States, localities, tribes, and territories or a consor-tium of States, localities, tribes, and terri-tories receiving an award under this sub-section regarding interoperability and the technical standards set forth by the Sec-retary.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (7) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) P
ERSONNEL AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) S
PECIALLY QUALIFIED PERSONNEL .—In addition to any other personnel authorities, to carry out subsections (b) and (c), the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) appoint highly qualified individuals to scientific or professional positions at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, not to exceed 30 such employees at any time (specific to positions authorized by this sub-section), with expertise in capabilities rel-evant to biosurveillance and situational awareness, such as experts in informatics and data analytics (including experts in pre-diction, modeling, or forecasting), and other related scientific or technical fields; and ‘‘(B) compensate individuals appointed under subparagraph (A) in the same manner and subject to the same terms and condi-tions in which individuals appointed under 9903 of title 5, United States Code, are com-pensated, without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall ex-ercise the authority under paragraph (1) in a manner that is consistent with the limita-tions described in section 319F–1(e)(2). ‘‘(g) TIMELINE .—The Secretary shall ac-complish the purposes under subsections (b) and (c) no later than September 30, 2023, and shall provide a justification to the congres-sional committees of jurisdiction for any missed or delayed implementation of meas-urable steps identified under subsection (c)(6)(A)(iii). ‘‘(h) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation, and submit to the Secretary and the congres-sional committees of jurisdiction a report concerning the activities conducted under subsections (b) and (c), and provide rec-ommendations, as applicable and appro-priate, on necessary improvements to the biosurveillance and situational awareness network.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (i) of section 319D of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4), as re-designated by subsection (a)(6), is amended by striking ‘‘$138,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$161,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (c) B
IOLOGICAL THREAT DETECTION RE-
PORT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Home-land Security, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate on the state of Federal biological threat detection ef-forts, including the following— (1) an identification of technological, oper-ational, and programmatic successes and failures of domestic detection programs sup-ported by Federal departments and agencies for intentionally-introduced or accidentally- released biological threat agents and natu-rally occurring infectious diseases; (2) a description of Federal efforts to facili-tate the exchange of information related to the information described in paragraph (1) among Federal departments and agencies that utilize biological threat detection tech-nology; (3) a description of the capabilities of de-tection systems in use by Federal depart-ments and agencies including the capability to— (A) rapidly detect, identify, characterize, and confirm the presence of biological threat agents; (B) recover live biological agents from col-lection devices; (C) determine the geographical distribu-tion of biological agents; (D) determine the extent of environmental contamination and persistence of biological agents; and (E) provide advanced molecular diagnostics to State, local, tribal, and territorial public health and other laboratories that support biological threat detection activities; (4) a description of Federal interagency co-ordination related to biological threat detec-tion; (5) a description of efforts by Federal de-partments and agencies that utilize biologi-cal threat detection technology to collabo-rate with State, local, tribal, and territorial public health laboratories and other users of biological threat detection systems, includ-ing collaboration regarding the development of— (A) biological threat detection require-ments or standards; (B) a standardized integration strategy; (C) training requirements or guidelines; (D) guidelines for a coordinated public health response, including preparedness ca-pabilities, and, as applicable, for coordina-tion with public health surveillance systems; and (E) a coordinated environmental remedi-ation plan, as applicable; and (6) recommendations related to research, advanced research, development, and pro-curement for Federal departments and agen-cies to improve and enhance biological threat detection systems, including rec-ommendations on the transfer of biological threat detection technology among Federal departments and agencies, as necessary and appropriate. SEC. 206. STRENGTHENING AND SUPPORTING THE PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY RAPID RESPONSE FUND. 
Section 319 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or if the Secretary determines there is the signifi-cant potential for a public health emer-gency, to allow the Secretary to rapidly re-spond to the immediate needs resulting from such public health emergency or potential public health emergency’’ before the period; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall plan for the expedited distribution of funds to ap-propriate agencies and entities.’’ after the first sentence; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) U
SES.—The Secretary may use amounts in the Fund established under para-graph (1), to— ‘‘(A) facilitate coordination between and among Federal, State, local, tribal, and ter-ritorial entities and public and private health care entities that the Secretary de-termines may be affected by a public health emergency or potential public health emer-gency referred to in paragraph (1) (including communication of such entities with rel-evant international entities, as applicable); ‘‘(B) make grants, provide for awards, enter into contracts, and conduct supportive investigations pertaining to a public health emergency or potential public health emer-gency, including further supporting pro-grams under section 319C–1, 319C–2, or 319C–3; ‘‘(C) facilitate and accelerate, as applica-ble, advanced research and development of security countermeasures (as defined in sec-tion 319F–2), qualified countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–1), or qualified pan-demic or epidemic products (as defined in section 319F–3), that are applicable to the public health emergency or potential public health emergency under paragraph (1); ‘‘(D) strengthen biosurveillance capabili-ties and laboratory capacity to identify, col-lect, and analyze information regarding such public health emergency or potential public health emergency, including the systems under section 319D; ‘‘(E) support initial emergency operations and assets related to preparation and deploy-ment of intermittent disaster response per-sonnel under section 2812, and the Medical Reserve Corps under section 2813; and ‘‘(F) carry out other activities, as the Sec-retary determines applicable and appro-priate.’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(4) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8765 September 25, 2018 
All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing In-novation Act of 2018, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, shall conduct a review of the Fund under this section, and provide recommendations to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives on policies to improve such Fund for the uses described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(5) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of the Fund under this section, including its uses and the re-sources available in the Fund; and ‘‘(B) submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives a re-port on such review, including recommenda-tions related to such review, as applicable.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘rapidly respond to public health emergencies or potential public health emergencies and’’ after ‘‘used to’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section.’’ and inserting ‘‘Act or funds otherwise provided for emer-gency response.’’. 
SEC. 207. IMPROVING ALL-HAZARDS PREPARED-NESS AND RESPONSE BY PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY VOLUNTEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319I of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
HEALTH PROFESSIONS VOLUNTEERS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
VOLUNTEER HEALTH PROFESSIONAL ’’; (2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such health care profes-sionals may include members of the National Disaster Medical System, members of the Medical Reserve Corps, and individual health care professionals.’’; (3) in subsection (i) by adding at the end ‘‘In order to inform the development of such mechanisms by States, the Secretary shall make available information and material provided by States that have developed mechanisms to waive the application of li-censing requirements to applicable health professionals seeking to provide medical services during a public health emergency. Such information shall be made publicly available in a manner that does not com-promise national security.’’; and (4) in subsection (k) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (b) A
LL-HAZARDS PUBLIC HEALTH EMER-
GENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE PLAN.— Section 319C–1(b)(2)(A)(iv) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 3a(b)(2)(A)(iv)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) a description of the mechanism the entity will implement to utilize the Emer-gency Management Assistance Compact, or other mutual aid agreement, for medical and public health mutual aid, and, as appro-priate, the activities such entity will imple-ment pursuant to section 319I to improve en-rollment and coordination of volunteer health care professionals seeking to provide medical services during a public health emergency, which may include— ‘‘(I) providing a public method of commu-nication for purposes of volunteer coordina-tion (such as a phone number); ‘‘(II) providing for optional registration to participate in volunteer services during processes related to State medical licensing, registration, or certification or renewal of such licensing, registration or certification; or ‘‘(III) other mechanisms as the State deter-mines appropriate;’’. SEC. 208. CLARIFYING STATE LIABILITY LAW FOR VOLUNTEER HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 224 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 225. HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS AS-SISTING DURING A PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a health care professional who is a member of the Medical Reserve Corps under section 2813 or who is included in the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under section 319I and who— ‘‘(1) is responding— ‘‘(A) to a public health emergency deter-mined under section 319(a), during the initial period of not more than 90 days (as deter-mined by the Secretary) of the public health emergency determination (excluding any pe-riod covered by a renewal of such determina-tion); or ‘‘(B) to a major disaster or an emergency as declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or under section 201 of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C.1621) during the initial period of such declaration; and ‘‘(2) is alleged to be liable for an act or omission— ‘‘(A) during the initial period of a deter-mination or declaration described in para-graph (1) and related to the treatment of in-dividuals in need of health care services due to such public health emergency, major dis-aster, or emergency; ‘‘(B) in the State or States for which such determination or declaration is made; ‘‘(C) in the health care professional’s ca-pacity as a member of the Medical Reserve Corps or a professional included in the Emer-gency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under sec-tion 319I; and ‘‘(D) in the course of providing services that are within the scope of the license, reg-istration, or certification of the professional, as defined by the State of licensure, registra-tion, or certification; and ‘‘(3) prior to the rendering of such act or omission, was authorized by the State’s au-thorization of deploying such State’s Emer-gency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals described in section 319I or the Medical Reserve Corps es-tablished under section 2813, to provide health care services, shall be subject only to the State liability laws of the State in which such act or omis-sion occurred, in the same manner and to the same extent as a similar health care profes-sional who is a resident of such State would be subject to such State laws, except with re-spect to the licensure, registration, and cer-tification of such individual. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTEER PROTECTION ACT.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect an individual’s right to protections under the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997. ‘‘(c) P
REEMPTION .—This section shall supercede the laws of any State that would subject a health care professional described in subsection (a) to the liability laws of any State other than the State liability laws to which such individual is subject pursuant to such subsection. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘health care professional’ means an individual licensed, registered, or certified under Federal or State laws or reg-ulations to provide health care services. ‘‘(2) The term ‘health care services’ means any services provided by a health care pro-fessional, or by any individual working under the supervision of a health care profes-sional, that relate to— ‘‘(A) the diagnosis, prevention, or treat-ment of any human disease or impairment; or ‘‘(B) the assessment or care of the health of human beings. ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall apply to a claim for harm only if the act or omis-sion that caused such harm occurred on or after the effective date described in para-graph (1).’’. (b) GAO S
TUDY .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of— (1) the number of health care providers who register under the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under section 319I of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b) in advance to provide services dur-ing a public health emergency; (2) the number of health care providers who are credentialed to provide services dur-ing the period of a public health emergency declaration, including those who are credentialed though programs established in the Emergency System for Advance Reg-istration of Volunteer Health Professionals under such section 319I and those credentialed by authorities within the State in which the emergency occurred; (3) the average time to verify the creden-tials of a health care provider during the pe-riod of a public health emergency declara-tion, including the average time pursuant to the Emergency System for Advance Reg-istration of Volunteer Health Professionals under such section 319I and for an individ-ual’s credentials to be verified by an author-ity within the State; and (4) the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Profes-sionals program in States, including whether physician or medical groups, associations, or other relevant provider organizations utilize such program for purposes of volunteering during public health emergencies. 
SEC. 209. REPORT ON ADEQUATE NATIONAL BLOOD SUPPLY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report containing recommenda-tions related to maintaining an adequate na-tional blood supply, including— (1) challenges associated with the contin-uous recruitment of blood donors (including those newly eligible to donate); (2) ensuring the adequacy of the blood sup-ply in the case of public health emergencies; (3) implementation of the transfusion transmission monitoring system; and (4) other measures to promote safety and innovation, such as the development, use, or implementation of new technologies, proc-esses, and procedures to improve the safety and reliability of the blood supply. 
SEC. 210. REPORT ON THE PUBLIC HEALTH PRE-PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE CAPA-BILITIES AND CAPACITIES OF HOS-PITALS, LONG-TERM CARE FACILI-TIES, AND OTHER HEALTH CARE FA-CILITIES. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8766 September 25, 2018 
Secretary of Health and Human Services shall enter into an agreement with an appro-priate entity to conduct a study regarding the public health preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacities of hospitals, long-term care facilities, and other health care facilities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies, including natural disasters. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the entity shall consult with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials (as ap-propriate), and health care providers and fa-cilities with experience in public health pre-paredness and response activities. (3) E
VALUATION .—The study under para-graph (1) shall include— (A) an evaluation of the current bench-marks and objective standards, as applica-ble, related to programs that support hos-pitals, long-term care facilities, and other health care facilities, and their effect on im-proving public health preparedness and re-sponse capabilities and medical surge capac-ities, including the Hospital Preparedness Program, the Public Health Emergency Pre-paredness cooperative agreements, and the Regional Health Care Emergency Prepared-ness and Response Systems under section 319C–3 of the Public Health Service Act (as added by section 203); (B) the identification of gaps in prepared-ness, including with respect to such bench-marks and objective standards, such as those identified during recent public health emer-gencies, for hospitals, long-term care facili-ties, and other health care facilities to ad-dress future potential public health threats; (C) an evaluation of coordination efforts between the recipients of Federal funding for programs described in subparagraph (A) and entities with expertise in emergency power systems and other critical infrastructure partners during a public health emergency, to ensure a functioning critical infrastruc-ture, to the greatest extent practicable, dur-ing a public health emergency; (D) an evaluation of coordination efforts between the recipients of Federal funding for programs described in subparagraph (A) and environmental health agencies with exper-tise in emergency preparedness and response planning for hospitals, long-term care facili-ties and other health care facilities; and (E) an evaluation of current public health preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacities related to at-risk individuals during public health emer-gencies, including an identification of gaps in such preparedness as they relate to such individuals. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The agreement under sub-section (a) shall require the entity to submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and the congressional committees of ju-risdiction, not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, a report on the results of the study conducted pursuant to this section. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall— (A) describe the findings and conclusions of the evaluation conducted pursuant to sub-section (a); and (B) provide recommendations for improv-ing public health preparedness and response capability and medical surge capacity for hospitals, long-term care facilities, and other health care facilities, including— (i) improving the existing benchmarks and objective standards for the Federal grant programs described in subsection (a)(3)(A) or developing new benchmarks and standards for such programs; and (ii) identifying best practices for improv-ing public health preparedness and response programs and medical surge capacity at hos-pitals, long-term care facilities, and other health care facilities, including rec-ommendations for the evaluation under sub-paragraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (a)(3). TITLE III—REACHING ALL COMMUNITIES SEC. 301. STRENGTHENING AND ASSESSING THE EMERGENCY RESPONSE WORK-FORCE. 
(a) N ATIONAL DISASTER MEDICAL SYSTEM .— (1) S
TRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL DISASTER  
MEDICAL SYSTEM .—Clause (ii) of section 2812(a)(3)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(a)(3)(A)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) be present at locations, and for lim-ited periods of time, specified by the Sec-retary on the basis that the Secretary has determined that a location is at risk of a public health emergency during the time specified, or there is a significant potential for a public health emergency.’’. (2) R
EVIEW OF THE NATIONAL DISASTER MED -
ICAL SYSTEM .—Section 2812(b)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) J
OINT REVIEW AND MEDICAL SURGE CA -
PACITY STRATEGIC PLAN .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing In-novation Act of 2018, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a joint review of the National Disaster Med-ical System. Such review shall include— ‘‘(i) an evaluation of medical surge capac-ity, as described in section 2803(a); ‘‘(ii) an assessment of the available work-force of the intermittent disaster response personnel described in subsection (c); ‘‘(iii) the capacity of the workforce de-scribed in clause (ii) to respond to all haz-ards, including capacity to simultaneously respond to multiple public health emer-gencies and the capacity to respond to a na-tionwide public health emergency; ‘‘(iv) the effectiveness of efforts to recruit, retain, and train such workforce; and ‘‘(v) gaps that may exist in such workforce and recommendations for addressing such gaps. ‘‘(B) U
PDATES .—As part of the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802, the Secretary shall update the findings from the review under subparagraph (A) and pro-vide recommendations to modify the policies of the National Disaster Medical System as necessary.’’. (3) N
OTIFICATION OF SHORTAGE .—Section 2812(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary deter-mines the number of intermittent disaster- response personnel of the National Disaster Medical System is insufficient to address a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional committees of ju-risdiction a notification detailing— ‘‘(A) the impact such shortage could have on meeting public health needs and emer-gency medical personnel needs during a pub-lic health emergency; and ‘‘(B) any identified measures to address such shortage. ‘‘(4) C
ERTAIN APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the number of intermittent dis-aster response personnel within the National Disaster Medical System under this section is insufficient to address a public health emergency or potential public health emer-gency, the Secretary may appoint candidates directly to personnel positions for intermit-tent disaster response within such system. The Secretary shall provide updates on the number of vacant or unfilled positions with-in such system to the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction each quarter for which this authority is in effect. ‘‘(B) SUNSET .—The authority under this paragraph shall expire on September 30, 2021.’’. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2812(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘$52,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$57,400,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) V
OLUNTEER MEDICAL RESERVE CORPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2813(a) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 42 U.S.C. 300hh–15(a)) is amended by striking the sec-ond sentence and inserting ‘‘The Secretary may appoint a Director to head the Corps and oversee the activities of the Corps chap-ters that exist at the State, local, tribal, and territorial levels.’’. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2813(i) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–15(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (c) S
TRENGTHENING THE EPIDEMIC INTEL -
LIGENCE SERVICE .—Section 317F of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Sec. 247b–7) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or preparedness and re-sponse activities, including rapid response to public health emergencies and significant public health threats’’ after ‘‘conduct pre-vention activities’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purpose of car-rying out this section’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of car-rying out this section, except as described in paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
PIDEMIC INTELLIGENCE SERVICE PRO -
GRAM .—For purposes of carrying out this sec-tion with respect to qualified health profes-sionals serving in the Epidemic Intelligence Service, as authorized under section 317G, there are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (d) S
ERVICE BENEFIT FOR NATIONAL DIS-
ASTER MEDICAL SYSTEM VOLUNTEERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2812(c) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(c)), as amended by subsection (a)(3), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) S
ERVICE BENEFIT .—Individuals ap-pointed to serve under this subsection shall be considered eligible for benefits under part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. The Secretary shall provide notification to eligible individ-uals of any effect such designation may have on other benefits for which such individual are eligible, including benefits from private entities.’’. (2) P
UBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS .—Sec- tion 1204(9) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284(9)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8767 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(E) an individual appointed to the Na-tional Disaster Medical System under sec-tion 2812 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11) who is performing official duties of the Department of Health and Human Services, if those official duties are— ‘‘(i) related to responding to a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, or other activities for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has activated such National Disaster Medical System; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to be hazardous.’’. (3) S
UNSET .—The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall cease to have force or effect on October 1, 2021. (e) M
ISSION READINESS REPORT TO CON-
GRESS .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Comp-troller General’’) shall submit to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report on the medical surge capacity of the United States in the event of a public health emergency, includ-ing the capacity and capability of the cur-rent health care workforce to prepare for, and respond to the full range of public health emergencies or potential public health emer-gencies, and recommendations to address any gaps identified in such workforce. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Comptroller General shall include in the report under paragraph (1)— (A) the number of health care providers who have volunteered to provide health care services during a public health emergency, including members of the National Disaster Medical System, the Disaster Medical As-sistant Teams, the Medical Reserve Corps, and other volunteer health care professionals in the verification network pursuant to sec-tion 319I of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b); (B) the capacity of the workforce described in subparagraph (A) to respond to a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, including the capacity to re-spond to multiple concurrent public health emergencies and the capacity to respond to a nationwide public health emergency; (C) the preparedness and response capabili-ties and mission readiness of the workforce described in subparagraph (A) taking into ac-count areas of health care expertise and con-siderations for at-risk individuals (as defined in section 2802(b)(4)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(4)(B)); (D) an assessment of the effectiveness of efforts to recruit, retain, and train such workforce; and (E) identification of gaps that may exist in such workforce and recommendations for ad-dressing such gaps, the extent to which the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response plans to address such gaps, and any recommendations from the Comptroller Gen-eral to address such gaps. 
SEC. 302. HEALTH SYSTEM INFRASTRUCTURE TO IMPROVE PREPAREDNESS AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PREPAREDNESS .—Sec- tion 2811(b)(5) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such logistical support shall include working with other relevant Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials and private sector entities to identify the crit-ical infrastructure assets, systems, and net-works needed for the proper functioning of the health care and public health sectors that need to be maintained through any emergency or disaster, including entities ca-pable of assisting with, responding to, and mitigating the effect of a public health emergency, including a public health emer-gency determined by the Secretary pursuant to section 319(a), an emergency or major dis-aster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act, or the National Emer-gencies Act, including by establishing meth-ods to exchange critical information and de-liver products consumed or used to preserve, protect, or sustain life, health, or safety, and sharing of specialized expertise.’’. (b) MANUFACTURING CAPACITY .—Section 2811(d)(2)(C) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(d)(2)(C)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, and ancillary medical supplies to assist with the utilization of such counter-measures or products,’’ after ‘‘products’’. (c) E
VALUATION OF BARRIERS TO RAPID DE-
LIVERY OF MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES .— (1) R
APID DELIVERY STUDY .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response may conduct a study on issues that have the potential to adversely affect the handling and rapid delivery of medical counter-measures to individuals during public health emergencies occurring in the United States. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response shall notify the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate if the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response does not plan to conduct the study under paragraph (1) and shall provide such committees a summary explanation for such decision. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response conducts the study under paragraph (1), such Assistant Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate containing the findings of such study. 
SEC. 303. CONSIDERATIONS FOR AT-RISK INDI-VIDUALS. 
(a) A T-RISK INDIVIDUALS IN THE NATIONAL  H
EALTH SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 2802(b)(4)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(4)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section and sections 319C–1, 319F, and 319L,’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘special’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-cess or functional’’. (b) C
OUNTERMEASURE CONSIDERATIONS .— Section 319L(c)(6) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(c)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘elderly’’ and inserting ‘‘senior citizens’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘with relevant characteris-tics that warrant consideration during the process of researching and developing such countermeasures and products’’ before the period. (c) B
IOSURVEILLANCE OF EMERGING PUBLIC  H
EALTH THREATS .—Section 2814 is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) facilitate coordination to ensure that, in implementing the situational awareness and biosurveillance network under section 319D, the Secretary considers incorporating data and information from Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health of-ficials and entities relevant to detecting emerging public health threats that may af-fect at-risk individuals, such as pregnant and postpartum women and infants, including adverse health outcomes of such populations related to such emerging public health threats.’’. SEC. 304. IMPROVING EMERGENCY PREPARED-NESS AND RESPONSE CONSIDER-ATIONS FOR CHILDREN. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 319D the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319D–1. CHILDREN’S PREPAREDNESS UNIT. 
‘‘(a) E NHANCING EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS  
FOR CHILDREN .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Director’), shall main-tain an internal team of experts, to be known as the Children’s Preparedness Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Unit’), to work collaboratively to provide guidance on the considerations for, and the specific needs of, children before, during, and after public health emergencies. The Unit shall in-form the Director regarding emergency pre-paredness and response efforts pertaining to children at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(b) E
XPERTISE .—The team described in subsection (a) shall include one or more pedi-atricians, which may be a developmental-be-havioral pediatrician, and may also include behavioral scientists, child psychologists, epidemiologists, biostatisticians, health communications staff, and individuals with other areas of expertise, as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The team described in sub-section (a) may— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, tribal, and terri-torial emergency planning and response ac-tivities related to children, which may in-clude developing, identifying, and sharing best practices; ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance, training, and consultation to Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials to improve preparedness and response capa-bilities with respect to the needs of children, including providing such technical assist-ance, training, and consultation to eligible entities in order to support the achievement of measurable evidence-based benchmarks and objective standards applicable to sec-tions 319C–1 and 319C–2; ‘‘(3) improve the utilization of methods to incorporate the needs of children in planning for and responding to a public health emer-gency, including public awareness of such methods; ‘‘(4) coordinate with, and improve, public- private partnerships, such as health care coalitions pursuant to sections 319C–2 and 319C–3, to address gaps and inefficiencies in emergency preparedness and response efforts for children; ‘‘(5) provide expertise and input during the development of guidance and clinical rec-ommendations to address the needs of chil-dren when preparing for, and responding to, public health emergencies, including pursu-ant to section 319C–3; and ‘‘(6) carry out other duties related to pre-paredness and response activities for chil-dren, as the Secretary determines appro-priate.’’. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES ON DISASTERS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZING THE NATIONAL ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ON CHILDREN AND DISASTERS .— Section 2811A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘, men-tal and behavioral,’’ after ‘‘medical’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘25’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8768 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(2) R EQUIRED NON -FEDERAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary, in consultation with such other heads of Federal agencies as may be appro-priate, shall appoint to the Advisory Com-mittee under paragraph (1) at least 13 indi-viduals, including— ‘‘(A) at least 2 non-Federal professionals with expertise in pediatric medical disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recov-ery; ‘‘(B) at least 2 representatives from State, local, tribal, or territorial agencies with ex-pertise in pediatric disaster planning, pre-paredness, response, or recovery; ‘‘(C) at least 4 members representing health care professionals, which may include members with expertise in pediatric emer-gency medicine; pediatric trauma, critical care, or surgery; the treatment of pediatric patients affected by chemical, biological, ra-diological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious diseases; pediatric men-tal or behavioral health related to children affected by a public health emergency; or pe-diatric primary care; and ‘‘(D) other members as the Secretary de-termines appropriate, of whom— ‘‘(i) at least one such member shall rep-resent a children’s hospital; ‘‘(ii) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in schools or child care settings; ‘‘(iii) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in children and youth with special health care needs; and ‘‘(iv) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in the needs of par-ents or family caregivers, including the par-ents or caregivers of children with disabil-ities.’’. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee under paragraph (1) shall include the following Federal members or their des-ignees (who may be non-voting members, as determined by the Secretary): ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Biomedical Ad-vanced Research and Development Author-ity. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(D) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(E) The Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health. ‘‘(F) The Assistant Secretary of the Ad-ministration for Children and Families. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration. ‘‘(H) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(I) The Administrator of the Administra-tion for Community Living. ‘‘(J) The Secretary of Education. ‘‘(K) Representatives from such Federal agencies (such as the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and the Department of Homeland Security) as the Secretary determines appropriate to ful-fill the duties of the Advisory Committee under subsections (b) and (c).’’. ‘‘(4) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENT .—Each member of the Advisory Committee appointed under paragraph (2) shall serve for a term of 3 years, except that the Secretary may adjust the terms of the Advisory Committee ap-pointees serving on the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, or ap-pointees who are initially appointed after such date of enactment, in order to provide for a staggered term of appointment for all members. ‘‘(5) C
ONSECUTIVE APPOINTMENTS ; MAXIMUM  
TERMS .—A member appointed under para-graph (2) may serve not more than 3 terms on the Advisory Committee, and not more than 2 of such terms may be served consecu-tively.’’; (3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end ‘‘At least one meeting per year shall be an in-person meeting.’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D.’’; and (6) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
UTHORIZING THE NATIONAL ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ON SENIORS AND DISASTERS .—Sub- title B of title XXVIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2811A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811B. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON SENIORS AND DISASTERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, shall establish an advisory committee to be known as the National Advisory Com-mittee on Seniors and Disasters (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Committee’). ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) provide advice and consultation with respect to the activities carried out pursuant to section 2814, as applicable and appro-priate; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide input with re-spect to the medical and public health needs of seniors related to preparation for, re-sponse to, and recovery from all-hazards emergencies; and ‘‘(3) provide advice and consultation with respect to State emergency preparedness and response activities relating to seniors, in-cluding related drills and exercises pursuant to the preparedness goals under section 2802(b). ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee may provide advice and rec-ommendations to the Secretary with respect to seniors and the medical and public health grants and cooperative agreements as appli-cable to preparedness and response activities under this title and title III. ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with such other heads of agencies as appropriate, shall appoint not more than 17 members to the Advisory Committee. In appointing such members, the Secretary shall ensure that the total membership of the Advisory Committee is an odd number. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee shall include Federal members or their designees (who may be non-voting members, as determined by the Secretary) and non-Federal members, as follows: ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Biomedical Ad-vanced Research and Development Author-ity. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(D) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(E) The Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health. ‘‘(F) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Administra-tion for Community Living. ‘‘(H) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(I) The Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(J) At least 2 non-Federal health care pro-fessionals with expertise in geriatric medical disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(K) At least 2 representatives of State, local, territorial, or tribal agencies with ex-pertise in geriatric disaster planning, pre-paredness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(L) Representatives of such other Federal agencies (such as the Department of Energy and the Department of Homeland Security) as the Secretary determines necessary to ful-fill the duties of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(e) MEETINGS .—The Advisory Committee shall meet not less frequently than bian-nually. At least one meeting per year shall be an in-person meeting. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D. ‘‘(g) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2023. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF COMMITTEE .—Not later than October 1, 2022, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a recommendation on whether the Advisory Committee should be extended.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INDI-
VIDUALS WITHDISABILITIES AND DISASTERS .— Subtitle B of title XXVIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by inserting after section 2811B the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811C. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES AND DISASTERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish a national advisory committee to be known as the National Ad-visory Committee on Individuals with Dis-abilities and Disasters (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Committee’). ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) provide advice and consultation with respect to activities carried out pursuant to section 2814, as applicable and appropriate; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide input with re-spect to the medical, public health, and ac-cessibility needs of individuals with disabil-ities related to preparation for, response to, and recovery from all-hazards emergencies; and ‘‘(3) provide advice and consultation with respect to State emergency preparedness and response activities, including related drills and exercises pursuant to the preparedness goals under section 2802(b). ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with such other heads of agencies and departments as appropriate, shall ap-point not more than 17 members to the Advi-sory Committee. In appointing such mem-bers, the Secretary shall ensure that the total membership of the Advisory Com-mittee is an odd number. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee shall include Federal members or their designees (who may be non-voting members, as determined by the Secretary) and non-Federal members, as follows: ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Administrator of the Administra-tion for Community Living. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Biomedical Ad-vanced Research and Development Author-ity. ‘‘(D) The Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(E) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(F) The Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(H) The Chair of the National Council on Disability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8769 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(I) The Chair of the United States Access Board. ‘‘(J) The Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(K) At least 2 non-Federal health care professionals with expertise in disability ac-cessibility before, during, and after disasters, medical and mass care disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(L) At least 2 representatives from State, local, territorial, or tribal agencies with ex-pertise in disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery for individuals with disabilities. ‘‘(M) At least 2 individuals with a dis-ability with expertise in disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery for indi-viduals with disabilities. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .—The Advisory Committee shall meet not less frequently than bian-nually. At least one meeting per year shall be an in-person meeting. ‘‘(e) D
ISABILITY DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘disability’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D. ‘‘(g) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2023. ‘‘(2) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a recommendation on whether the Advisory Committee should be extended.’’. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE COORDINATION .— Subtitle B of title XXVIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended by inserting after section 2811C the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811D. ADVISORY COMMITTEE COORDINA-TION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate duties and activities authorized under sections 2811A, 2811B, and 2811C, and make efforts to reduce unnecessary or dupli-cative reporting, or unnecessary duplicative meetings and recommendations under such sections, as practicable. Members of the ad-visory committees authorized under such sections, or their designees, shall annually meet to coordinate any recommendations, as appropriate, that may be similar, duplica-tive, or overlapping with respect to address-ing the needs of children, seniors, and indi-viduals with disabilities during public health emergencies. If such coordination occurs through an in-person meeting, it shall not be considered the required in-person meetings under any of sections 2811A(e), 2811B(e), or 2811C(d). ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION AND ALIGNMENT .—The Secretary, acting through the employee des-ignated pursuant to section 2814, shall align preparedness and response programs or ac-tivities to address similar, dual, or overlap-ping needs of children, seniors, and individ-uals with disabilities, and any challenges in preparing for and responding to such needs. ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall annually notify the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction regarding the steps taken to coordinate, as appropriate, the rec-ommendations under this section, and pro-vide a summary description of such coordi-nation.’’. 
SEC. 306. GUIDANCE FOR PARTICIPATION IN EX-ERCISES AND DRILLS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue final guid-ance regarding the ability of personnel fund-ed by programs authorized under this Act (including the amendments made by this Act) to participate in drills and operational exercises related to all-hazards medical and public health preparedness and response. Such drills and operational exercises may in-clude activities that incorporate medical surge capacity planning, medical counter-measure distribution and administration, and preparing for and responding to identi-fied threats for that region. Such personnel may include State, local, tribal, and terri-torial public health department or agency personnel funded under this Act (including the amendments made by this Act). The Sec-retary shall consult with the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of De-fense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and other applicable Federal departments and agencies as necessary and appropriate in the development of such guidance. The Sec-retary shall make the guidance available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services. TITLE IV—PRIORITIZING A THREAT- BASED APPROACH SEC. 401. ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR PRE-PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE. 
Section 2811 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘utilize experience related to public health emergency preparedness and response, biodefense, medical counter-measures, and other relevant topics to’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (B) in paragraph (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) T
HREAT AWARENESS .—Coordinate with the Director of the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Assistant to the President for Na-tional Security Affairs, the Secretary of De-fense, and other relevant Federal officials, such as the Secretary of Agriculture, to maintain a current assessment of national security threats and inform preparedness and response capabilities based on the range of the threats that have the potential to re-sult in a public health emergency.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  F
ROMTHREATS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the du-ties under subsection (b)(3), the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall implement strategic initiatives or ac-tivities to address threats, including pan-demic influenza, that pose a significant level of risk to public health and national security based on the characteristics of such threat, which may also include a chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, or nuclear agent, including threats with a significant potential to be-come a pandemic. Such initiatives shall in-clude activities to accelerate and support the advanced research, development, manu-facturing capacity, procurement, and stock-piling of countermeasures, including initia-tives under section 319L(c)(4)(F). Such activi-ties may also include those related to readi-ness to respond to pandemic influenza threats by supporting the development and manufacturing of influenza virus seeds, clin-ical trial lots, and stockpiles of novel influ-enza strains. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of carrying out this subsection, there is authorized to be appropriated $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds appropriated under this subsection shall be used to supplement and not supplant funds provided under section 319L(e) and section 319F–2(g). ‘‘(C) D
OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The As- sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Re-sponse shall, as required under subsection (b)(7), document amounts expended for pur-poses of carrying out this subsection, includ-ing amounts appropriated to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund under title II of Division H of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141), as applicable to section 319L(c)(4)(F).’’. SEC. 402. PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVIII is amended by inserting after section 2811 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811–1. PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY MED-ICAL COUNTERMEASURES ENTER-PRISE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish the Public Health Emergency Med-ical Countermeasures Enterprise (referred to in this section as the ‘PHEMCE’). The As-sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Re-sponse shall serve as chair of the PHEMCE. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERS .—The PHEMCE shall in-clude each of the following members, or the designee of such members: ‘‘(1) The Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response. ‘‘(2) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(3) The Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health. ‘‘(4) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(5) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(6) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(7) The Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(8) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(9) The Director of National Intelligence. ‘‘(10) Representatives of any other Federal agency, which may include the Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and De-velopment Authority, the Director of the Strategic National Stockpile, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infec-tious Diseases, and the Director of the Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response, as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The functions of the PHEMCE shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Utilize a process to make rec-ommendations to the Secretary regarding research, advanced research, development, procurement, stockpiling, deployment, dis-tribution, and utilization with respect to countermeasures, as defined in section 319F– 2(c), including prioritization based on the health security needs of the United States. Such recommendations shall be informed by, when available and practicable, the National Health Security Strategy pursuant to sec-tion 2802, the Strategic National Stockpile needs pursuant to section 319F–2, and assess-ments of current national security threats, including chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear threats, including emerging in-fectious diseases. In the event that members of the PHEMCE do not agree upon a rec-ommendation, the Secretary shall provide a determination regarding such recommenda-tion. ‘‘(B) Identify national health security needs, including gaps in public health pre-paredness and response related to counter-measures and challenges to addressing such needs (including any regulatory challenges), and support alignment of countermeasure procurement with recommendations to ad-dress such needs under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Assist the Secretary in developing strategies related to logistics, deployment, distribution, dispensing, and use of counter-measures that may be applicable to the ac-tivities of the strategic national stockpile under section 319F–2(a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8770 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(D) Provide consultation for the develop-ment of the strategy and implementation plan under section 2811(d). ‘‘(2) I
NPUT .—In carrying out subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1), the PHEMCE shall solicit and consider input from State, local, tribal, and territorial public health de-partments or officials, as appropriate.’’. (b) P
UBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY MEDICAL  C
OUNTERMEASURES ENTERPRISE STRATEGY  
AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Section 2811(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and every year thereafter’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than March 15, 2020, and biennially thereafter’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Director of Biomedical’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Food and Drugs’’ and inserting ‘‘Public Health Emer-gency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise established under section 2811–1’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(J)(v), by striking ‘‘one- year period’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year period’’. 
SEC. 403. STRATEGIC NATIONAL STOCKPILE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 6b(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and’’ after ‘‘collaboration with’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and optimize’’ after ‘‘pro-vide for’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘and, as informed by exist-ing recommendations of, or consultations with, the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise established under section 2811–1, make necessary addi-tions or modifications to the contents of such stockpile or stockpiles based on the re-view conducted under paragraph (2)’’ before the period of the first sentence; and (D) by striking the second sentence; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
HREAT -BASED REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an annual threat-based review (taking into account at-risk individuals) of the con-tents of the stockpile under paragraph (1), including non-pharmaceutical supplies, and, in consultation with the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enter-prise established under section 2811–1, review contents within the stockpile and assess whether such contents are consistent with the recommendations made pursuant to sec-tion 2811–1(c)(1)(A). Such review shall be sub-mitted annually, beginning on March 15, 2019, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, in a manner that does not compromise national security. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONS , MODIFICATIONS , AND RE -
PLENISHMENTS .—Each annual threat-based review under subparagraph (A) shall, for each new or modified countermeasure pro-curement or replenishment, provide— ‘‘(i) information regarding— ‘‘(I) the quantities of the additional or modified countermeasure procured for, or contracted to be procured for, the stockpile; ‘‘(II) planning considerations for appro-priate manufacturing capacity and capa-bility to meet the goals of such additions or modifications (without disclosing propri-etary information), including consideration of the effect such additions or modifications may have on the availability of such prod-ucts and ancillary medical supplies in the health care system; ‘‘(III) the presence or lack of a commercial market for the countermeasure at the time of procurement; ‘‘(IV) the emergency health security threat or threats such countermeasure procurement is intended to address, including whether such procurement is consistent with meeting emergency health security needs associated with such threat or threats; ‘‘(V) an assessment of whether the emer-gency health security threat or threats de-scribed in subclause (IV) could be addressed in a manner that better utilizes the re-sources of the stockpile and permits the greatest possible increase in the level of emergency preparedness to address such threats; ‘‘(VI) whether such countermeasure is re-plenishing an expiring or expired counter-measure, is a different countermeasure with the same indication that is replacing an ex-piring or expired countermeasure, or is a new addition to the stockpile; ‘‘(VII) a description of how such additions or modifications align with projected invest-ments under previous countermeasures budg-et plans under section 2811(b)(7), including expected life-cycle costs, expenditures re-lated to countermeasure procurement to ad-dress the threat or threats described in sub-clause (IV), replenishment dates (including the ability to extend the maximum shelf life of a countermeasure), and the manufacturing capacity required to replenish such counter-measure; and ‘‘(VIII) appropriate protocols and processes for the deployment, distribution, or dis-pensing of the countermeasure at the State and local level, including plans for relevant capabilities of State and local entities to dis-pense, distribute, and administer the coun-termeasure; and ‘‘(ii) an assurance, which need not be pro-vided in advance of procurement, that for each countermeasure procured or replen-ished under this subsection, the Secretary completed a review addressing each item listed under this subsection in advance of such procurement or replenishment.’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the Public Health Emergency Medical Coun-termeasures Enterprise established under section 2811–1’’ before the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, and the availability, deployment, dispensing, and administration of countermeasures’’ before the semicolon; (C) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) devise plans for effective and timely supply-chain management of the stockpile, in consultation with the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies; State, local, tribal, and territorial agencies; and the public and private health care infrastruc-ture, as applicable, taking into account the manufacturing capacity and other available sources of products and appropriate alter-natives to supplies in the stockpile;’’; (D) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod and inserting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) ensure that each countermeasure or product under consideration for procurement pursuant to this subsection receives the same consideration regardless of whether such countermeasure or product receives or had received funding under section 319L, in-cluding with respect to whether the counter-measure or product is most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States; and ‘‘(J) provide assistance, including tech-nical assistance, to maintain and improve State and local public health preparedness capabilities to distribute and dispense med-ical countermeasures and products from the stockpile, as appropriate.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) GAO REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of any changes to the contents or management of the stockpile since January 1, 2015. Such re-view shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the comprehensive-ness and completeness of each annual threat- based review under paragraph (2), including whether all newly procured or replenished countermeasures within the stockpile were described in each annual review, and wheth-er, consistent with paragraph (2)(B), the Sec-retary conducted the necessary internal re-view in advance of such procurement or re-plenishment; ‘‘(ii) an assessment of whether the Sec-retary established health security and science-based justifications, and a descrip-tion of such justifications for procurement decisions related to health security needs with respect to the identified threat, for ad-ditions or modifications to the stockpile based on the information provided in such reviews under paragraph (2)(B), including whether such review was conducted prior to procurement, modification, or replenish-ment; ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the plans developed by the Secretary for the deployment, dis-tribution, and dispensing of countermeasures procured, modified, or replenished under paragraph (1), including whether such plans were developed prior to procurement, modi-fication, or replenishment; ‘‘(iv) an accounting of countermeasures procured, modified, or replenished under paragraph (1) that received advanced re-search and development funding from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority; ‘‘(v) an analysis of how such procurement decisions made progress toward meeting emergency health security needs related to the identified threats for countermeasures added, modified, or replenished under para-graph (1); ‘‘(vi) a description of the resources ex-pended related to the procurement of coun-termeasures (including additions, modifica-tions, and replenishments) in the stockpile, and how such expenditures relate to the abil-ity of the stockpile to meet emergency health security needs; ‘‘(vii) an assessment of the extent to which additions, modifications, and replenishments reviewed under paragraph (2) align with pre-vious relevant reports or reviews by the Sec-retary or the Comptroller General; ‘‘(viii) with respect to any change in the Federal organizational management of the stockpile, an assessment and comparison of the processes affected by such change, in-cluding planning for potential counter-measure deployment, distribution, or dis-pensing capabilities and processes related to procurement decisions, use of stockpiled countermeasures, and use of resources for such activities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8771 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(ix) an assessment of whether the proc-esses and procedures described by the Sec-retary pursuant to section 403(b) of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018 are sufficient to ensure countermeasures and products under consideration for procurement pursu-ant to subsection (a) receive the same con-sideration regardless of whether such coun-termeasures and products receive or had re-ceived funding under section 319L, including with respect to whether such counter-measures and products are most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 6 months after completing a classified version of the review under subparagraph (A), the Comp-troller General shall submit an unclassified version of the review to the congressional committees of jurisdiction.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—In the first threat-based review submitted after the date of enactment of this Act pursuant to para-graph (2) of section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)), as amended by subsection (a), the Secretary shall include a description of the processes and procedures through which the Director of Strategic National Stockpile and the Di-rector of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority coordinate with respect to countermeasures and products procured under such section 319F–2(a), in-cluding such processes and procedures in place to ensure countermeasures and prod-ucts under consideration for procurement pursuant to such section 319F–2(a) receive the same consideration regardless of whether such countermeasures and products receive or had received funding under section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e), and whether such countermeasures and products are the most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS , S
TRATEGIC NATIONAL STOCKPILE .—Section 319F–2(f)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(f)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$533,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$610,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to re-main available until expended’’. 
SEC. 404. PREPARING FOR PANDEMIC INFLU-ENZA, ANTIMICROBIAL RESISTANCE, AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT THREATS. 
(a) S TRATEGIC INITIATIVES .—Section 319L(c)(4) (247d–7e(c)(4)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
TRATEGIC INITIATIVES .—The Sec-retary, acting through the Director of BARDA, may implement strategic initia-tives, including by building on existing pro-grams and by awarding contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, or entering into other transactions, to support innovative candidate products in preclinical and clinical development that address priority, naturally occurring and man-made threats that, as de-termined by the Secretary, pose a significant level of risk to national security based on the characteristics of a chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear threat, or existing capabilities to respond to such a threat (in-cluding medical response and treatment ca-pabilities and manufacturing infrastruc-ture). Such initiatives shall accelerate and support the advanced research, development, and procurement of, countermeasures and products, as applicable, to address areas in-cluding— ‘‘(i) chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, including emerging infec-tious diseases, for which insufficient ap-proved, licensed, or authorized counter-measures exist, or for which such threat, or the result of an exposure to such threat, may become resistant to countermeasures or ex-isting countermeasures may be rendered in-effective; ‘‘(ii) threats that consistently exist or con-tinually circulate and have significant po-tential to become a pandemic, such as pan-demic influenza, which may include the ad-vanced research and development, manufac-turing, and appropriate stockpiling of quali-fied pandemic or epidemic products, and products, technologies, or processes to sup-port the advanced research and development of such countermeasures (including multiuse platform technologies for diagnostics, vac-cines, and therapeutics; virus seeds; clinical trial lots; novel virus strains; and antigen and adjuvant material); and ‘‘(iii) threats that may result primarily or secondarily from a chemical, biological, ra-diological, or nuclear agent, or emerging in-fectious diseases, and which may present in-creased treatment complications such as the occurrence of resistance to available coun-termeasures or potential countermeasures, including antimicrobial resistant patho-gens.’’. (b) EMERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(d) E
MERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASE PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of BARDA, shall estab-lish and implement a program that sup-ports— ‘‘(A) advanced research and development activities for qualified pandemic or epidemic products; and ‘‘(B) manufacturing infrastructure activi-ties with respect to an emerging infectious disease. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out paragraph (1), there is authorized to be appropriated $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—Any funds provided to the Secretary under this paragraph shall be used to supplement and not supplant any other Federal funds pro-vided to carry out paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 405. REPORTING ON THE FEDERAL SELECT AGENT PROGRAM. 
Section 351A(k) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 262a(k)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
OF THE FEDERAL EXPERTS SECURITY ADVISORY  
PANEL AND THE FAST TRACK ACTION COMMITTEE  
ON SELECT AGENT REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall report to the congressional com-mittees of jurisdiction on the implementa-tion of recommendations of the Federal Ex-perts Security Advisory Panel concerning the select agent program. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED UPDATES .—The Secretary shall report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction annually following the sub-mission of the report under subparagraph (A) until the recommendations described in such subparagraph are fully implemented, or a justification is provided for the delay in, or lack of, implementation.’’. TITLE V—INCREASING COMMUNICATION IN MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE AD-VANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT SEC. 501. MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE BUDGET PLAN. 
Section 2811(b)(7) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘March 1’’ and inserting ‘‘March 15’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; and (B) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) procurement, stockpiling, mainte-nance, and potential replenishment (includ-ing manufacturing capabilities) of all prod-ucts in the Strategic National Stockpile; ‘‘(iv) the availability of technologies that may assist in the advanced research and de-velopment of countermeasures and opportu-nities to use such technologies to accelerate and navigate challenges unique to counter-measure research and development; and ‘‘(v) potential deployment, distribution, and utilization of medical countermeasures; development of clinical guidance and emer-gency use instructions for the use of medical countermeasures; and, as applicable, poten-tial post-deployment activities related to medical countermeasures;’’; (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the following: ‘‘(D) identify the full range of anticipated medical countermeasure needs related to re-search and development, procurement, and stockpiling, including the potential need for indications, dosing, and administration tech-nologies, and other countermeasure needs as applicable and appropriate;’’. 
SEC. 502. MATERIAL THREAT AND MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE NOTIFICATIONS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF MATE-
RIAL THREAT DETERMINATION .—Section 319F– 2(c)(2)(C) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(2)(C)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘The Secretary and the Homeland Secu-rity Secretary shall promptly notify the ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Secretary and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall send to Congress, on an annual basis, all current material threat determinations and shall promptly notify the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING COMMUNICATION .—Section 319F–2(c)(7)(B)(ii)(III) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(7)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘The Secretary shall notify the ven-dor within 90 days of a determination by the Secretary to renew, extend, or terminate such contract.’’. 
SEC. 503. AVAILABILITY OF REGULATORY MAN-AGEMENT PLANS. 
Section 565(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(f)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make available on the internet website of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8772 September 25, 2018 
the Food and Drug Administration informa-tion regarding regulatory management plans, including— ‘‘(A) the process by which an applicant may submit a request for a regulatory man-agement plan; ‘‘(B) the timeframe by which the Secretary is required to respond to such request; ‘‘(C) the information required for the sub-mission of such request; ‘‘(D) a description of the types of develop-ment milestones and performance targets that could be discussed and included in such plans; and ‘‘(E) contact information for beginning the regulatory management plan process.’’; (3) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)(A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (5)(A)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (5)(B)’’; and (4) in paragraph (7)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)(A)’’. 
SEC. 504. THE BIOMEDICAL ADVANCED RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AU-THORITY AND THE BIOSHIELD SPE-CIAL RESERVE FUND. 
(a) B IOSHIELD SPECIAL RESERVE FUND.— Section 319F–2(g)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(g)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$2,800,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$7,100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, to remain available until expended’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. (b) T
HEBIOMEDICAL ADVANCED RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY .—Subsection (e)(2) of section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e), as redesig-nated by section 404(b), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$415,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$611,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 505. ADDITIONAL STRATEGIES FOR COM-BATING ANTIBIOTIC RESISTANCE. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 319E the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319E–1. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON COM-BATING ANTIBIOTIC-RESISTANT BACTERIA. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CTION PLAN .—The term ‘Action Plan’ means the Action Plan described in section 319E(a)(1). ‘‘(2) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—The term ‘Advi-sory Council’ means the Presidential Advi-sory Council on Combating Antibiotic-Re-sistant Bacteria established by Executive Order 13676 of September 18, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 56931; relating to combating antibiotic- resistant bacteria). ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY .—The term ‘Na-tional Strategy’ means the National Strat-egy for Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bac-teria issued by the White House in Sep-tember 2014, and any subsequent update to such strategy or a successor strategy. ‘‘(b) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—The Advisory Council shall provide advice, information, and recommendations to the Secretary re-garding programs and policies intended to support and evaluate the implementation of Executive Order 13676 of September 18, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 56931; relating to combating an-tibiotic-resistant bacteria), including the National Strategy, and the Action Plan. ‘‘(c) M
EETINGS AND DUTIES .— ‘‘(1) M
EETINGS .—The Advisory Council shall meet as the Chair determines appro-priate but not less than twice per year, and, to the extent practicable, in conjunction with meetings of the task force described in section 319E. ‘‘(2) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Advisory Council shall make recommendations to the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Defense, regarding programs and policies in-tended to— ‘‘(A) preserve the effectiveness of anti-biotics by optimizing their use; ‘‘(B) advance research to develop improved methods for combating antibiotic resistance and conducting antimicrobial stewardship, as defined in section 319E(h)(3); ‘‘(C) strengthen surveillance of antibiotic- resistant bacterial infections; ‘‘(D) prevent the transmission of anti-biotic-resistant bacterial infections; ‘‘(E) advance the development of rapid point-of-care and agricultural diagnostics; ‘‘(F) further research on new treatments for bacterial infections; ‘‘(G) develop alternatives to antibiotics for animal health purposes; ‘‘(H) maximize the dissemination of up-to- date information on the appropriate and proper use of antibiotics to the general pub-lic and human and animal health care pro-viders; and ‘‘(I) improve international coordination of efforts to combat antibiotic resistance. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Advisory Council shall, to the greatest extent practicable, co-ordinate activities carried out by the Coun-cil with the Antimicrobial Resistance Task Force established under section 319E(a) (commonly referred to as the ‘Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria Task Force’).’’. TITLE VI—ADVANCING TECHNOLOGIES FOR MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES 
SEC. 601. ADMINISTRATION OF COUNTER-MEASURES. 
Section 319L(c)(4)(D)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 7e(c)(4)(D)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘and platform technologies’’ and inserting ‘‘plat-form technologies, technologies to admin-ister countermeasures, and technologies to improve storage and transportation of coun-termeasures’’. 
SEC. 602. UPDATING DEFINITIONS OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘, such as’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Code’’; (2) in subsection (c)(5)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘under this subsection’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Code’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in sub-section (a)(3)) under this subsection’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) by amending subclause (I) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, competitive procedures shall be used when entering into transactions to carry out projects under this subsection.’’; and (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; (II) by striking ‘‘senior procurement execu-tive for the Department (as designated for the purpose of section 16(c) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 414(c)))’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘senior procurement exec-utive under’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Financial Resources under’’. 
SEC. 603. MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MASTER FILES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of this sec-tion (including section 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b)) is to support and advance the development or manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products by facilitating and encouraging submission of data and information to support such products to medical countermeasure master files, and through clarifying the authority to cross-reference to data and information pre-viously submitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’). (b) MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MASTER  F
ILES.—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 565A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 565B. MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MAS-TER FILES. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY OF REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person may submit data and information in a master file to the Secretary with the intent to reference, or to authorize, in writing, another person to ref-erence, such data or information to support a medical countermeasure submission (in-cluding a supplement or amendment to any such submission), without requiring the mas-ter file holder to disclose the data and infor-mation to any such persons authorized to reference the master file. Such data and in-formation shall be available for reference by the master file holder or by a person author-ized by the master file holder, in accordance with applicable privacy and confidentiality protocols and regulations. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE OF CERTAIN MASTER  
FILES .—In the case that data or information within a medical countermeasure master file is used only to support the conditional ap-proval of an application filed under section 571, such master file may be relied upon to help support the effectiveness of a product that is the subject of a subsequent medical countermeasure submission only if such ap-plication is supplemented by additional data or information to support review and ap-proval in a manner consistent with the standards applicable to such review and ap-proval for such countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. ‘‘(b) M
EDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MASTER  F
ILECONTENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A master file under this section may include data or information to support— ‘‘(A) the development of medical counter-measure submissions to support the ap-proval, licensure, classification, clearance, conditional approval, or authorization of one or more security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products; and ‘‘(B) the manufacture of security counter-measures, qualified countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED UPDATES .—The Secretary may require, as appropriate, that the master file holder ensure that the contents of such master file are updated during the time such master file is referenced for a medical coun-termeasure submission. ‘‘(c) S
PONSOR REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each incorporation of data or information within a medical coun-termeasure master file shall describe the in-corporated material in a manner in which the Secretary determines appropriate and that permits the review of such information within such master file without necessi-tating re-submission of such data or infor-mation. Master files shall be submitted in an electronic format in accordance with sec-tions 512(b)(4), 571(a)(4), and 745A, as applica-ble, and as specified in applicable guidance. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE BY A MASTER FILE HOLD -
ER.—A master file holder that is the sponsor of a medical countermeasure submission shall notify the Secretary in writing of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8773 September 25, 2018 
intent to reference the medical counter-measure master file as a part of the submis-sion. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE BY AN AUTHORIZED PER -
SON.—A person submitting an application for review may, where the Secretary determines appropriate, incorporate by reference all or part of the contents of a medical counter-measure master file, if the master file holder authorizes the incorporation in writing. ‘‘(d) A
CKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE RELIANCE  U
PON A MASTER FILE BY THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the master file holder with a written no-tification indicating that the Secretary has reviewed and relied upon specified data or in-formation within a master file and the pur-poses for which such data or information was incorporated by reference if the Secretary has reviewed and relied upon such specified data or information to support the approval, classification, conditional approval, clear-ance, licensure, or authorization of a secu-rity countermeasure, qualified counter-measure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. The Secretary may rely upon the data and information within the medical countermeasure master file for which such written notification was provided in addi-tional applications, as applicable and appro-priate and upon the request of the master file holder so notified in writing or by an au-thorized person of such holder. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN APPLICATIONS .—If the Sec-retary has reviewed and relied upon specified data or information within a medical coun-termeasure master file to support the condi-tional approval of an application under sec-tion 571 to subsequently support the ap-proval, clearance, licensure, or authorization of a security countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product, the Secretary shall pro-vide a brief written description to the master file holder regarding the elements of the ap-plication fulfilled by the data or information within the master file and how such data or information contained in such application meets the standards of evidence under sub-section (c) or (d) of section 505, subsection (d) of section 512, or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable) unless such disclosure includes any trade secret or confidential commercial information. ‘‘(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— ‘‘(1) limit the authority of the Secretary to approve, license, clear, conditionally ap-prove, or authorize drugs, biological prod-ucts, or devices pursuant to, as applicable, this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as such applicable Act is in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018), including the standards of evidence, and ap-plicable conditions, for approval under the applicable Act; ‘‘(2) alter the standards of evidence with respect to approval, licensure, or clearance, as applicable, of drugs, biological products, or devices under this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, including, as applicable, the substantial evidence stand-ards under sections 505(d) and 512(d) or this Act and section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act; or ‘‘(3) alter the authority of the Secretary under this Act or the Public Health Service Act to determine the types of data or infor-mation previously submitted by a sponsor or any other person that may be incorporated by reference in an application, request, or notification for a drug, biological product, or device submitted under sections 505(i), 505(b), 505(j), 512(b)(1), 512(b)(2), 512(j), 564, 571, 520(g), 515(c), 513(f)(2), or 510(k) of this Act, or sub-section (a) or (k) of section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, including a supplement or amendment to any such submission, and the requirements associated with such ref-erence. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘master file holder’ means a person who submits data and information to the Secretary with the intent to reference or authorize another person to reference such data or information to support a medical countermeasure submission, as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The term ‘medical countermeasure submission’ means an investigational new drug application under section 505(i), a new drug application under section 505(b), or an abbreviated new drug application under sec-tion 505(j) of this Act, a biological product li-cense application under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act or a biosimilar bi-ological product license application under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act, a new animal drug application under section 512(b)(1) or abbreviated new animal drug application under section 512(b)(2), an application for conditional approval of a new animal drug under section 571, an investiga-tional device application under section 520(g), an application with respect to a de-vice under section 515(c), a request for classi-fication of a device under section 513(f)(2), a notification with respect to a device under section 510(k), or a request for an emergency use authorization under section 564 to sup-port— ‘‘(A) the approval, licensure, classification, clearance, conditional approval, or author-ization of a security countermeasure, quali-fied countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product; or ‘‘(B) a new indication to an approved secu-rity countermeasure, qualified counter-measure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. ‘‘(3) The terms ‘qualified countermeasure’, ‘security countermeasure’, and ‘qualified pandemic or epidemic product’ have the meanings given such terms in sections 319F– 1, 319F–2, and 319F–3, respectively, of the Public Health Service Act.’’. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs and in consulta-tion with the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response, shall solicit input from stakeholders, including stakeholders developing security countermeasures, quali-fied countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products, and stakeholders de-veloping technologies to assist in the devel-opment of such countermeasures with re-spect to how the Food and Drug Administra-tion can advance the use of tools and tech-nologies to support and advance the develop-ment or manufacture of security counter-measures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products, in-cluding through reliance on cross-referenced data and information contained within mas-ter files and submissions previously sub-mitted to the Secretary as set forth in sec-tion 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, as added by subsection (b). (d) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish draft guidance about how reliance on cross-referenced data and information contained within master files under section 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by sub-section (b) or submissions otherwise sub-mitted to the Secretary may be used for spe-cific tools or technologies (including plat-form technologies) that have the potential to support and advance the development or manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products. The Sec-retary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish the final guid-ance not later than 3 years after the enact-ment of this Act. SEC. 604. ANIMAL RULE REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the application of the requirements under subsections (c) and (d) of section 565 of the of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4) (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘animal rule’’) as a component of medical countermeasure advanced develop-ment under the Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority and regu-latory review by the Food and Drug Admin-istration. In conducting such study, the Comptroller General shall examine the fol-lowing: (1) The extent to which advanced develop-ment and review of a medical counter-measure are coordinated between the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority and the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, including activities that facili-tate appropriate and efficient design of stud-ies to support approval, licensure, and au-thorization under the animal rule, consistent with the recommendations in the animal rule guidance, issued pursuant to section 565(c) of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(c)) and entitled ‘‘Product Development Under the Animal Rule: Guidance for Industry’’ (issued in Octo-ber 2015), to resolve discrepancies in the de-sign of adequate and well-controlled efficacy studies conducted in animal models related to the provision of substantial evidence of ef-fectiveness for the product approved, li-censed, or authorized under the animal rule. (2) The consistency of the application of the animal rule among and between review divisions within the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. (3) The flexibility pursuant to the animal rule to address variations in countermeasure development and review processes, including the extent to which qualified animal models are adopted and used within the Food and Drug Administration in regulatory decision-making with respect to medical counter-measures. (4) The extent to which the guidance issued under section 565(c) of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(c)), en-titled, ‘‘Product Development Under the Ani-mal Rule: Guidance for Industry’’ (issued in October 2015), has assisted in achieving the purposes described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (b) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with— (1) the Federal agencies responsible for ad-vancing, reviewing, and procuring medical countermeasures, including the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Depart-ment of Defense; (2) manufacturers involved in the research and development of medical counter-measures to address biological, chemical, ra-diological, or nuclear threats; and (3) other biodefense stakeholders, as appli-cable. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of the study conducted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8774 September 25, 2018 
under subsection (a) and recommendations to improve the application and consistency of the requirements under subsections (c) and (d) of section 565 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4) to support and expedite the research and de-velopment of medical countermeasures, as applicable. (d) P
ROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct the study and issue the assessment and report under this section in a manner that does not compromise national security. 
SEC. 605. REVIEW OF THE BENEFITS OF GENOMIC ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIES AND THEIR POTENTIAL ROLE IN NA-TIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) M EETING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convene a meeting to discuss the poten-tial role advancements in genomic engineer-ing technologies (including genome editing technologies) may have in advancing na-tional health security. Such meeting shall be held in a manner that does not compromise national security. (2) A
TTENDEES .—The attendees of the meet-ing under paragraph (1)— (A) shall include— (i) representatives from the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, and the Food and Drug Administration; and (ii) representatives from academic, private, and nonprofit entities with expertise in ge-nome engineering technologies, biopharma-ceuticals, medicine, or biodefense, and other relevant stakeholders; and (B) may include— (i) other representatives from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, as the Secretary determines appropriate; and (ii) representatives from the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the Department of Agriculture, and other departments, as the Secretary may re-quest for the meeting. (3) T
OPICS .—The meeting under paragraph (1) shall include a discussion of— (A) the current state of the science of genomic engineering technologies related to national health security, including— (i) medical countermeasure development, including potential efficiencies in the devel-opment pathway and detection technologies; and (ii) the international and domestic regula-tion of products utilizing genome editing technologies; and (B) national security implications, includ-ing— (i) capabilities of the United States to le-verage genomic engineering technologies as a part of the medical countermeasure enter-prise, including current applicable research, development, and application efforts under-way within the Department of Defense; (ii) the potential for state and non-state actors to utilize genomic engineering tech-nologies as a national health security threat; and (iii) security measures to monitor and as-sess the potential threat that may result from utilization of genomic engineering technologies and related technologies for the purpose of compromising national health se-curity. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the meeting described in subsection (a) is held, the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response shall issue a report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction on the topics discussed at such meeting, and provide recommendations, as applicable, to utilize innovations in genomic engineering (including genome editing) and related tech-nologies as a part of preparedness and re-sponse activities to advance national health security. Such report shall be issued in a manner that does not compromise national security. SEC. 606. REPORT ON VACCINES DEVELOPMENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing efforts and activities to coordinate with other countries and international partners during recent public health emergencies with respect to the research and advanced research on, and development of, qualified pandemic or epidemic products (as defined in section 319F–3 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6d)). Such report may in-clude information regarding relevant work carried out under section 319L(c)(5)(E) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 7e(c)(5)(E)), through public-private partner-ships, and through collaborations with other countries to assist with or expedite the re-search and development of qualified pan-demic or epidemic products. Such report shall not include information that may com-promise national security. 
SEC. 607. STRENGTHENING MOSQUITO ABATE-MENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF MOSQUITO ABATE -
MENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH PROGRAM .— Section 317S of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–21) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘including programs to address emerging infectious mosquito-borne diseases,’’ after ‘‘subdivisions for control programs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or improving existing control programs’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing improvement,’’ after ‘‘operation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in clause (iii), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘, including an emerging infectious mosquito-borne dis-ease that presents a serious public health threat; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) a public health emergency due to the incidence or prevalence of a mosquito-borne disease that presents a serious public health threat;’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) is located in a State that has re-ceived a grant under subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) that demonstrates to the Secretary that the control program is consistent with existing State mosquito control plans or policies, or other applicable State prepared-ness plans.’’; (C) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘that extraordinary’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘that— ‘‘(i) extraordinary economic conditions in the political subdivision or consortium of po-litical subdivisions involved justify the waiv-er; or ‘‘(ii) the geographical area covered by a po-litical subdivision or consortium for a grant under paragraph (1) has an extreme mosquito control need due to— ‘‘(I) the size or density of the potentially impacted human population; ‘‘(II) the size or density of a mosquito pop-ulation that requires heightened control; or ‘‘(III) the severity of the mosquito-borne disease, such that expected serious adverse health outcomes for the human population justify the waiver.’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) NUMBER OF GRANTS .—A political sub-division or a consortium of political subdivi-sions may not receive more than one grant under paragraph (1).’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2003, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Pub-lic Health Security and Bioterrorism Pre-paredness and Response Act of 2002’’ and in-serting ‘‘this Act and other medical and pub-lic health preparedness and response laws’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2004’’ and in- serting ‘‘
2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) E
PIDEMIOLOGY -LABORATORY CAPACITY  G
RANTS .—Section 2821 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–31) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding mosquito and other vector-borne dis-eases,’’ after ‘‘infectious diseases’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. REAUTHORIZATIONS AND EXTENSIONS. 
(a) V ACCINE TRACKING AND DISTRIBUTION .— Section 319A(e) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–1(e)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (b) T
EMPORARY REASSIGNMENT .—Section 319(e)(8) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d(e)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) S
TRATEGIC INNOVATION PARTNER .—Sec- tion 319L(c)(4)(E)(ix) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(c)(4)(E)(ix)) is amended by striking ‘‘2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) L
IMITED ANTITRUST EXEMPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 405 of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6a note) is amended— (A) by redesignating such section as sec-tion 319L–1; (B) by transferring such section to the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), to appear after section 319L of such Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e); (C) in subsection (a)(1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b)) (as amended by this Act’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 6a)) (as amended by this Act’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6d)’’; and (D) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘12-year’’ and inserting ‘‘17-year’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act (Public Law 109–417) is amended by striking the item re-lated to section 405. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8775 September 25, 2018 
(e) I NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—Subsection (e)(1) of section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) N
ON-DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Information described in clause (ii) shall be deemed to be information described in section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The infor-mation described in this clause is informa-tion relevant to programs of the Department of Health and Human Services that could compromise national security and reveal sig-nificant and not otherwise publicly known vulnerabilities of existing medical or public health defenses against chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, and is com-prised of— ‘‘(I) specific technical data or scientific in-formation that is created or obtained during the countermeasure and product advanced research and development carried out under subsection (c); ‘‘(II) information pertaining to the loca-tion security, personnel, and research mate-rials and methods of high-containment lab-oratories conducting research with select agents, toxins, or other agents with a mate-rial threat determination under section 319F–2(c)(2); or ‘‘(III) security and vulnerability assess-ments.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING .—One year after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and All-Haz-ards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives on the number of instances in which the Secretary has used the authority under this subsection to withhold information from disclosure, as well as the nature of any re-quest under section 552 of title 5, United States Code that was denied using such au-thority.’’; and (4) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘12’’ and inserting ‘‘17’’. 
SEC. 702. LOCATION OF MATERIALS IN THE STOCKPILE. 
Subsection (d) of section 319F–2 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ISCLOSURES .—No Federal agency may disclose under section 552 of title 5, United States Code any information identifying the location at which materials in the stockpile described in subsection (a) are stored, or other information regarding the contents or deployment capability of the stockpile that could compromise national security.’’. 
SEC. 703. CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) S TRATEGY FOR PUBLIC HEALTH PRE-
PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE TO CYBERSECURITY  T
HREATS .— (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall prepare and submit to the relevant committees of Congress a strategy for public health preparedness and response to address cybersecurity threats (as defined in section 102 of Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) that present a threat to national health security. Such strategy shall include— (A) identifying the duties, functions, and preparedness goals for which the Secretary is responsible in order to prepare for and re-spond to such cybersecurity threats, includ-ing metrics by which to measure success in meeting preparedness goals; (B) identifying gaps in public health capa-bilities to achieve such preparedness goals; and (C) strategies to address identified gaps and strengthen public health emergency pre-paredness and response capabilities to ad-dress such cybersecurity threats. (2) PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY .— The Secretary shall make such strategy available to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and other con-gressional committees of jurisdiction, in a manner that does not compromise national security. (b) C
OORDINATION OF PREPAREDNESS FOR  
AND RESPONSE TO ALL-HAZARDS PUBLIC  H
EALTH EMERGENCIES .—Subparagraph (D) of section 2811(b)(4) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) P
OLICY COORDINATION AND STRATEGIC  
DIRECTION .—Provide integrated policy co-ordination and strategic direction, before, during, and following public health emer-gencies, with respect to all matters related to Federal public health and medical pre-paredness and execution and deployment of the Federal response for public health emer-gencies and incidents covered by the Na-tional Response Plan described in section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(6)), or any successor plan; and such Federal responses covered by the National Cybersecurity Incident Re-sponse Plan developed under section 228(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149(c)), including public health emergencies or incidents related to cybersecurity threats that present a threat to national health se-curity.’’. 
SEC. 704. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) P UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (1) and (5) of section 319F– 1(a) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6a(a)), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 319F(h)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 319F(e)’’; and (2) in section 319K(a) (42 U.S.C. 247d–7d(a)), by striking ‘‘section 319F(h)(4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 319F(e)(4)’’. (b) P
UBLIC HEALTH SECURITY GRANTS .—Sec- tion 319C–1(b)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘indi-viduals,,’’ and inserting ‘‘individuals,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘make satisfactory annual improvement and de-scribe’’ and inserting ‘‘makes satisfactory annual improvement and describes’’. (c) E
MERGENCY USEINSTRUCTIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) of section 564A(e)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3a(e)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(C)’’. (d) P
RODUCTS HELD FOR EMERGENCY USE.— Section 564B(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3b) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting a comma after ‘‘505’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or section 564A’’ before the period at the end. (e) T
RANSPARENCY .—Section 507(c)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 357(c)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Nothing in’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in’’; (2) by striking ‘‘disclose any’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose or direct— ‘‘(i) any’’; (3) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) in the case of a drug development tool that may be used to support the development of a qualified countermeasure, security countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product, as defined in sections 319F–1, 319F–2, and 319F–3, respectively, of the Public Health Service Act, any informa-tion that the Secretary determines has a sig-nificant potential to affect national secu-rity. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT .—In the case that the Secretary, pursuant to subpara-graph (A), does not make information pub-licly available, the Secretary shall provide on the internet website of the Food and Drug Administration an acknowledgement of the information that has not been disclosed, pur-suant to subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 705. FORMAL STRATEGY RELATING TO CHIL-DREN SEPARATED FROM PARENTS AND GUARDIANS AS A RESULT OF ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY. 
Not later than 14 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and the As-sistant Secretary for the Administration on Children and Families shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a formal strategy to reunify with their parent or guardian, if the parent or guardian chooses such reunification, each child who— (1) as a result of the initiative announced on April 6, 2018, and due to prosecution under section 1325(a) of title 8, United States Code; (2) was separated from their parent or guardian and placed into a facility funded by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices; and (3) can be safely reunited with such parent or guardian. 
SEC. 706. REPORTING RELATING TO CHILDREN SEPARATED FROM PARENTS AND GUARDIANS AS A RESULT OF ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY. 
Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response and the Assistant Sec-retary for the Administration on Children and Families shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate weekly reports on the status and welfare of the children who, as a result of the ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy, were separated from their parent or guardian and are awaiting re-unification with their parent or guardian, as well as the number of such children in facili-ties funded by the Department of Health and Human Services. 
SEC. 707. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 801(e)(4)(E)(iii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(e)(4)(E)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph’’ both places it appears in sub-clause (I) and subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘paragraph’’. 
SEC. 708. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as reducing or limiting the authorities vested in any other Federal agency by any other Federal law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8776 September 25, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the Pandemic and All-Haz-ards Preparedness and Advancing Inno-vation Act of 2018, known as PAHPA. I am proud to have introduced this im-portant bill with Energy and Com-merce Chairman G
REGWALDEN , Rank-ing Member F
RANK PALLONE , and my good friend Representative E
SHOO , who is one of the original authors of the 2006 PAHPA bill and lead author of the last reauthorization in 2013. This bipartisan public health and na-tional security effort will ensure our Nation is better prepared to respond to natural disasters like hurricanes; emerging infectious diseases like Zika and Ebola; and chemical, biological, ra-diological, or nuclear attacks, whether from terrorist groups or from nation- states. Seventeen years ago, Congress was the target of a biological attack when letters laced with anthrax arrived in Member offices just days or soon after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In the after-math of 9/11, the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense was formed. It was led by bipartisan leaders: former Sen-ator Joe Lieberman, former Governor Tom Ridge, and many others. In October 2015, after extensive dis-cussions around the country where they learned from experts, they created their ‘‘National Blueprint for Bio-defense,’’ which provided us with a roadmap in drafting this important legislation. I was the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana during those 2001 anthrax attacks, and my own office dealt with an anthrax hoax when we received a letter with white powder inside. Of course, at the time, we didn’t know it was a hoax. It was in-credibly stressful for that staff mem-ber, who had to worry about their very own health. But that personal experi-ence illustrated to me the importance of preparedness and sparked my inter-est in biodefense. In the years since then, we know that the threat of a chemical, biological, ra-diological, or nuclear incident con-tinues to grow. Every day, our adver-saries are looking for more effective and faster ways to reduce the threat. It is not really a question of if we face the threat. It is a question of when. Thanks to PAHPA and the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, we are more prepared than ever for biological threats and at-tacks. In July of just this last year, the FDA approved the first drug to treat smallpox. It is called TPOXX. But TPOXX isn’t the only recent approval at the FDA. In July, the FDA also ap-proved an autoinjector that provides a one-time dose of an antidote to block effects of a nerve agent. This new anti-dote and TPOXX will help protect Americans from biological attacks. But PAHPA is much more than just a biodefense bill. It also ensures a coordi-nated healthcare response, whether to hurricanes or other natural disasters. Florence has just hit the East Coast and residents in both North and South Carolina are still recovering and deal-ing with ongoing flooding. During the 2017 hurricane season, whether it was Hurricane Harvey, Irma, Jose, or Maria, far too many Americans were killed. It showed us that we need to do better to prioritize the needs of every person in our communities. The PAHPA bill we are considering today does just that. It prioritizes our Nation’s most vulnerable populations: our children, senior citizens, and those with disabilities. It reauthorizes the advisory committee focused on the spe-cific needs of children and creates new advisory committees to ensure the needs of the elderly and those with dis-abilities are considered. The bill provides liability protections for healthcare professionals who volun-teer after medical disasters. In addi-tion to these types of Good Samaritan provisions, the bill ensures more healthcare professionals like nurses, doctors, and others can be hired and trained when facing a public health cri-sis by strengthening our National Dis-aster Medical System, which provides grants to our regional healthcare net-work. It also ensures we have a robust sup-ply of vaccines and basic equipment like gloves, hazmat suits, masks, per-sonal protective gear, and more in our strategic national stockpiles located all across the country, so that our healthcare professionals and first re-sponders have what they need. PAHPA ensures our preparedness and response capabilities will include a ro-bust pipeline of medical counter-measures by reauthorizing and increas-ing funding for the BioShield Special Reserve Fund and BARDA, the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Devel-opment Authority. BARDA’s work over the last decade has resulted in FDA approvals for more than 42 different medical counter-measures. The development of medical countermeasures is a lengthy and often risky endeavor, which is why sending a clear signal that BARDA remains a strong and committed partner with academic institutions and the private sector in these efforts is so very impor-tant. Last week, we saw even another ex-ample of a success of research funded by BARDA when FDA approved a prod-uct called ReCell, the first spray-on skin product ever approved for use in the United States. This new treatment will help treat burn victims so they can heal faster and with less risk of in-fection from painful skin grafts. By using a piece of a patient’s skin about the size of a credit card, a doctor can turn it into a single cell-based solution that can be sprayed over the patient’s burns so that new skin can grow and replace the damaged skin. These types of investments BARDA is making into innovative research are critical, but it is also important that we continue to address threats that have been around for years. It has been 100 years since the 1918 pandemic influenza killed millions of people around the globe, including 675,000 Americans. Some experts pre-dict that we are actually due for the potential of another global pandemic influenza. To address that threat, the bill we are considering today authorizes $250 million for the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the ASPR, to address threats like pandemic influ-enza. Specifically, the bill directs the ASPR to work to increase manufac-turing capacity and stockpile medical countermeasures. While the PAHPA bill we are consid-ering today authorizes funding for re-search into known threats like pan-demic influenza, it also maintains the flexibility that is the foundation of our medical countermeasure enterprise to deal with unknown threats for which we may have no defense today. Even today, the Democratic Republic of the Congo continues to deal with an ongoing Ebola outbreak. In order to en-sure we are better prepared when we face an outbreak like Ebola or Zika, the bill we are considering today does three important things. First, it improves the existing emer-gency response fund so that the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services does not have to wait on approval from Congress to immediately fund response measures needed to contain an out-break and save lives. This emergency response fund will create a bridge so that immediate funding is available, so we can then supplement with an emer-gency appropriations bill later. Secondly, the bill requires GAO to conduct a review of the emergency re-sponse fund to help appropriators de-cide what funding levels and resources are needed. The third thing the bill does to help address threats like Ebola and Zika is to authorize $250 million in funding for an emerging infectious disease pro-gram so that BARDA can invest in new research. The PAHPA bill reauthorization we are considering is the process of months of committee work in both the House and the Senate, and I want to thank all the staff members and all of the organizations, everyone who has been involved, and all the Members who have participated, whether it is subcommittee or committee hearings on this bill, examining our response to threats. I thank everyone involved for their dedication and commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.025 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8777 September 25, 2018 
making sure we have the procedures, resources, and support in place to pro-tect our fellow citizens from public health and national security threats. I can’t emphasize enough how criti-cally important it is to reauthorize PAHPA. We have a duty as Members of Congress to keep Americans safe and secure. This bill is an essential compo-nent of accomplishing that goal. I urge all Members to support this critical bi-partisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from many organizations that support the bill. 
ADULT VACCINE ACCESS COALITION , July 23, 2018. Hon. S
USAN W. B ROOKS , Member of Congress, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Member of Congress, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : On behalf of the Adult Vaccine Ac-cess Coalition (AVAC), we are pleased to ex-press our support for bipartisan legislation that recently passed the House Energy and Commerce Committee, ‘‘Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act (PAHPA) of 2018’’. AVAC includes more than fifty organiza-tional leaders in health and public health who are committed to raising awareness of and engaging in advocacy on the importance of adult immunization. AVAC priorities and objectives are driven by a consensus process with the goal of enabling stakeholders to have a voice in the effort to improve access to and utilization of adult immunizations. The bipartisan reauthorization of the PAHPA provides improvements to key pre-paredness and response programs, enhances personnel and hiring authorities, as well as prioritizes cybersecurity in health care and provides necessary resources for the develop-ment of medical countermeasures for pan-demic influenza and emerging infectious dis-eases. We are delighted the Managers’ Amendment included references to immuni-zation programs and immunization informa-tion systems under Section 319D. These addi-tions will help to strengthen and enhance co-ordination and integrate immunization pro-grams and immunization information sys-tems (IIS) capabilities into public health emergency preparedness, planning, and re-sponse activities. Immunization Information Systems (IIS), or registries, confidential, population-based, computerized systems can record immuniza-tion doses administered by participating pro-viders to persons residing within a given ju-risdiction. They provide state and local pub-lic health agencies aggregate data on immu-nization coverage rates for disease surveil-lance and program operations. IIS’ can serve as a vital component for emergency pre-paredness and response activities and are an optimal tool for use during a pandemic or other emerging infectious disease event by enabling communication with providers, identifying variations in access and utiliza-tion of immunization, and enabling imple-mentation of targeted strategies during emergency preparedness and response activi-ties. Congratulations on putting together a strong, bipartisan reauthorization package that reflects many of the important prior-ities shared by stakeholders. We look for-ward to working with you throughout the process to enact the 2018 Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act. Sincerely, L
ISAFOSTER , AVAC Manager. ABBYBOWNAS , AVAC Manager. 
ALLIANCE FOR BIOSECURITY , U.S. C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , July 27, 2018. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of the Alliance for Biosecurity and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, we support H.R. 6378, the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018, and urge the House to pass this bipartisan legislation be-fore the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness Act (PAHPA) expires at the end of Sep-tember 2018. H.R. 6378 is central to pro-tecting American citizens, organizations, and communities against natural and man- made biosecurity hazards. H.R. 6378 would authorize crucial funding for the Project BioShield Special Reserve Fund and Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). However, we urge policymakers to account for infla-tion to ensure that future spending levels adequately support the Public Health Emer-gency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise (PHEMCE) Strategy and implementation Plan, the BARDA Strategic Plan, and re-lated efforts. H.R. 6378 would establish several impor-tant programs within BARDA, especially a Pandemic Influenza Program to support re-search and development activities to en-hance responses to pandemic influenza and an Emerging Infectious Disease Program to monitor and address infectious diseases that could cause a deadly pandemic. Both pro-grams would be funded at $250 million per year through FY 2023. The bill would also create new and sustain-able market-based incentives to advance cut-ting-edge biomedical research. Our groups support developing strategic partnerships be-tween BARDA and the business community to mitigate threats that could pose a signifi-cant risk to U.S. health and safety. Reauthorizing PAHPA would also help en-sure the sustainability of the medical coun-termeasures enterprise by transferring the authority that governs the procurement of medical countermeasures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response (ASPR). The legislation would codify ASPR’s role in coordinating Strategic National Stockpile operations with CDC. We also believe that such teamwork would make the U.S. better equipped to tackle public health emergencies and natural disasters. We urge the full House to swiftly consider and pass H.R. 6378. Sincerely, T
HEHONORABLE JACK K
INGSTON , Secretariat, Alliance for Biosecurity. N
EILL. B RADLEY , Executive Vice Presi-dent and Chief Pol-icy Officer, U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. 
ALLIED BIOSCIENCE , Plano, TX, July 23, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Member of Congress, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE BROOKS : I write to thank you for a provision in your recently introduced legislation, H.R. 6378, the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018. This provi-sion updates the authorization for the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority (BARDA) to include the mitigation of infectious disease. This provi-sion will make our nation safer. Allied BioScience (ABS) has engaged BARDA with ideas for collaboration that have the potential to enhance the biological safety of our nation by combating anti-microbial resistance through environmental intervention. Under the existing authoriza-tion, BARDA is limited to developing phar-macological interventions. This limitation precludes collaboration at this time. Your legislation amends the definition of ‘‘quali-fied pandemic or epidemic products’’ to in-clude ‘‘a product manufactured, used, de-signed, developed, modified, licensed, or pro-cured to diagnose, mitigate, prevent, treat, or cure an infectious disease (as defined in section 319F–1(a)(2))’’. This change would cre-ate a path forward to collaborate to develop novel solutions to antimicrobial resistance that will provide a safer nation. ABS has developed a semi-permanent anti-microbial coating that creates a long-lasting barrier to microbial growth. In clinical trials, ABS’s coating, when applied in an ICU setting has shown to reduce the presence of Multi-Drug Resistant Organisms (MDROs) by up to 70% with an efficacy of at least four months per application. Comparable reduc-tions in Hospital Acquired Infections have seen a corresponding reduction. Reduction in rates of infection decreased the need to treats MDRO’s and breaks the cycle of muta-tion that creates increasingly potent ‘‘superbugs’’. Our research demonstrates that environmental mitigation is a key com-ponent to addressing antimicrobial resist-ance. Thank you again for your efforts to mod-ernize BARDA to provide the flexibility needed to combat ever-evolving threats. We enthusiastically support H.R. 6379, and look forward to its swift passage and enactment into law. If you have any questions about ABS I would be happy to talk further with you at your convenience. Sincerely, MIKERULEY , CEO. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF BLOOD  B
ANKS , A MERICA ’SBLOOD CEN-
TERS , AMERICAN REDCROSS, July 25, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy and Commerce Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , ANDREPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : AABB (formerly known as the Amer-ican Association of Blood Banks), America’s Blood Centers and the American Red Cross commend the House Energy and Commerce Committee’s commitment to improving the nation’s preparedness and response capabili-ties through the reauthorization of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Advanc-ing Innovation Act (PAHPAIA) of 2018 (H.R. 6378). Collectively, our organizations rep-resent the nation’s blood collection estab-lishments, transfusion services, and trans-fusion medicine professionals. We would like to especially highlight two sections of the bill important to us and our collective members: Section 116 is a significant step in exam-ining the unique, and often overlooked, role of the nation’s blood supply in emergency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.026 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8778 September 25, 2018 
preparedness and response systems and the specific challenges associated with donor re-cruitment, implementation of safety man-dates and innovation, and adequacy in the face of public health emergencies. We believe that policies that support the availability of a safe and adequate blood supply are needed. The report required by this section is critical to evaluating possible solutions. We strongly support the Committee’s spe-cific recognition of the blood supply in Sec-tion 207, which requires the Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) to develop guidelines for regional health care emergency and response systems. We support the provision that requires the ASPR to consult with blood banks and other key stakeholders when developing and up-dating guidelines. Including blood centers in this process is paramount and consistent with the Department of Health and Human Services’ (HHS) recognition of blood as one of the core functional areas in Emergency Support Function #8 of the National Re-sponse Framework. We also commend the Committee for recognizing potential finan-cial implications for blood centers to imple-ment and follow the guidelines. Given that blood is an essential part of the nation’s trauma system, emergency preparedness and response system and healthcare system gen-erally, it is essential that financial barriers not impede the availability of safe blood ahead of and during response activities. AABB, America’s Blood Centers and the American Red Cross welcome the oppor-tunity to work with the Committee to en-sure that these important provisions pro-moting the safety and availability of the U.S. blood supply remain during conference negotiations with the Senate. M
ARYBETHBASSETT , President, AABB. K
ATEFRY, Chief Executive Offi-cer, America’s Blood Centers. J
AMES C. H ROUDA , President, Biomedical Services, American Red Cross. 
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF  E
MERGENCY PHYSICIANS , July 18, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS , E SHOO , W
ALDEN , AND PALLONE : On behalf of the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP), our 38,000 members, and the more than 140 million patients we treat each year, I am writing to express ACEP’s support for H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation (PAHPAI) Act of 2018.’’ In particular, ACEP appreciates your legis-lation’s focus on improving regionalized emergency preparedness and response sys-tems, inclusion of the MISSION ZERO Act’s provisions to facilitate the use of military trauma teams in civilian trauma centers, and the addition of Good Samaritan liability protections for health care professionals who volunteer during federally-declared disas-ters. Regionalized systems for emergency care response are vital to ensuring patients are transported and treated in the most appro-priate setting. While it is important to maxi-mize our resources and capabilities on a daily basis, it becomes imperative when health care providers respond to a natural or man-made disaster. We would like to thank you for emphasizing the establishment and enhancement of these systems, especially the demonstration program designed to im-prove medical surge capacity, build and inte-grate regional medical response capabilities, improve specialty care expertise for all-haz-ards response, and coordinate medical pre-paredness and response across states, terri-tories, and regional jurisdictions. ACEP is very supportive of the trauma sys-tem improvements included in H.R. 6378, spe-cifically the grants for military-civilian partnerships in trauma care as established in the MISSION ZERO Act (H.R. 880). ACEP be-lieves this policy serves three purposes. First, it makes additional trauma care per-sonnel available to treat severely injured ci-vilian patients. Second, it allows military trauma teams to maintain their skills in be-tween rotations to conflict areas. Third, it allows trauma team members to train to-gether so that when they are deployed, ev-eryone performs his/her duties in a coordi-nated manner with the other members, thereby improving care to injured military personnel. The Good Samaritan liability protections established in this legislation will help en-courage availability of health care profes-sionals during times of disaster, which can be crucial to supplementing the efforts of emergency physicians and the Disaster Med-ical Assistance Teams (DMATs) on-site. ACEP believes volunteers responding to a disaster, whether declared by the President of the United States or the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices (HHS), should be protected from liabil-ity while they are providing care within the scope of their expertise and are acting in good faith. We appreciate your efforts to in-clude this essential provision in H.R. 6378. Other aspects of the legislation that are important to emergency physicians and will help ensure the nation is prepared to contend with all disasters and unexpected emer-gencies include your provisions to improve the National Disaster Medical System (NDMS); expand public health surveillance; study DMAT readiness capabilities; improve the Public Health Emergency Fund (PHEF); strengthen the Healthcare Preparedness and Response Program (HPRP), formerly the Hospital Preparedness Program (HPP); ex-tend authorization for the Emergency Sys-tem for Advanced Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals (ESAR-VHP); and study hospital preparedness capabilities. ACEP would also like to commend you on your oversight of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response’s (ASPR) efforts to reunify children who were separated from their parent or guardian (due to the ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy) and placed into the cus-tody of HHS. Finally, we would once again urge the Committee and the Congress to ensure suffi-cient funding is provided for the PHEF, HPRP, NDMS, and Medical Reserve Corps (MRC) to ensure their effectiveness and we encourage you to seek a sufficient, guaran-teed federal funding stream. Without a dedi-cated and appropriate amount of federal re-sources for these critical programs, we are greatly concerned that the nation as a whole, and emergency medical providers spe-cifically, will not have the infrastructure, personnel, or tools necessary to provide opti-mal care during a natural or man-made dis-aster or infectious disease outbreak. Sincerely, P
AULD. K IVELA , MD, MBA, FACEP, ACEP President. AMERICAN COLLEGE OF SURGEONS , July 20, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : On behalf of the more than 80,000 members of the American College of Surgeons (ACS), we would like to express our support for the Pandemic and All Haz-ards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 (PAHPAI), H.R. 6378. We appre-ciate the work the Energy and Commerce Committee has accomplished to incorporate important improvements to trauma care and begin the process for establishing the frame-work for a trauma system that can fully meet the needs of any disaster and provide the highest-quality health care. ACS is particularly appreciative of the in-clusion of the Mission Zero Act, H.R. 880 in the PAHPAI. Establishing and maintaining high-quality and adequately-funded trauma systems throughout the United States, in-cluding within the Armed Forces, is a pri-ority of the ACS and our Committee on Trauma (COT). The Mission Zero Act author-izes $15 million in grant funding to assist ci-vilian trauma centers in partnering with military trauma professionals and creates a pathway to provide patients with excellent trauma care in times of peace and conflict. In addition, this legislation requires utiliza-tion of trauma data reporting as a require-ment for the grant program. The measuring and recording of data is a cornerstone of ad-vancing not only trauma care, but health care as a whole. Overall, the Mission Zero Act is a critical step toward achieving the goal of zero preventable injury deaths after injury. Inclusion of the Good Samaritan Health Professionals Act, H.R. 1876, which is legisla-tion that would reduce barriers for health care providers looking to volunteer during a federally-declared disaster, is a welcome ad-dition to PAHPAI. This section in PAHPAI will help to greatly decrease loss of life as well as improve outcomes during federally declared public health emergencies. We also applaud the Committee for high-lighting the critical issue of improving our trauma care system by including language creating a demonstration project promoting a regionalized approach to disaster response. Trauma systems have been organized across the country to manage the time-sensitive crises of acutely injured patients in an effi-cient manner on a daily basis. Trauma sys-tems span the continuum of care including prior to the point of injury and through re-habilitation. As a result, these systems en-gage in numerous activities aimed at im-proving care and outcomes, including by-stander training, emergency medical serv-ices (EMS) training and coordination, hos-pital preparedness, injury prevention efforts, and continuous quality improvement. All of these activities will assist with responding to public health emergencies such as biologi-cal, radiological, nuclear events, and other mass casualty incidents. The ACS believes the PAHPAI represents significant progress in the process of ensur-ing that trauma systems, centers, and health care providers are able to meet the needs of all Americans. We thank you for your leader-ship on this significant legislation and stand ready to work with you toward final passage in the House. Sincerely, D
AVID B. H OYT, MD, FACS, Executive Director, American College of Surgeons. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.017 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8779 September 25, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy & Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write con-cerning H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innova-tion Act of 2018’’. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 6378, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual under-standing that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee names to con-sider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Energy and Commerce as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 6378, Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, and I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on the bill. I agree that forgoing consideration of the bill should not prejudice the Committee on Homeland Security with respect to the ap-pointment of conferees or to any future ju-risdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X ju-risdiction. I will request that the Speaker name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee to consider such provi-sions. Finally, I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6378, the Pandemic All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Representatives E SHOO  and B
ROOKS , as well as all the staff, for their hard work on this bill. Together, we have ensured a robust product that reflects priorities for Members on both sides of the aisle and the agencies re-sponsible for ensuring our emergency preparedness. This is a vitally important public health bill that ensures that we can prepare for and respond to health secu-rity events like bioterrorism, emerging infectious diseases, and natural disas-ters. It will support the development of new treatments and the stockpiling of medications and supplies that will be deployed to communities nationwide in the case of an emergency. As we all know, effectively preparing for and responding to these events re-quires extensive coordination between Federal, State, local, and Tribal gov-ernments, as well as private sector or-ganizations across the country. This bill reauthorizes or establishes critical programs that will help us bet-ter prepare and respond to any major health emergency. Let me discuss some of the specifics of how this bill will help us do that. It reauthorizes a loan repayment pro-gram that would help to strengthen and grow our public health workforce. This is critically important, as we are still trying to dig out of a public health funding hole that began during the Great Recession. This bill also makes a technical up-date to the Hospital Preparedness Pro-gram to reflect the use of the term ‘‘co-alition’’ instead of ‘‘partnership’’ by grantees and other stakeholders. This language change is not intended to make changes related to the current cooperative agreement structure, nor does it intend to alter the role and re-sponsibilities of States, territories, and directly funded cities, which are award-ees of funding under the Hospital Pre-paredness Program. Therefore, it continues to require that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, provide fund-ing through cooperative agreements to States, territories, and cities to sup-port healthcare coalitions in their communities through the Hospital Pre-paredness Program. b1515 The bill also amends the Public Health Emergency Preparedness Pro-gram to require public health depart-ments to partner with nursing homes and hospitals to promote and improve public health preparedness and re-sponse. It also requires public health depart-ments to work with utility companies and other critical infrastructure part-ners to help ensure that electricity and other critical infrastructure will re-main functioning or return to function as soon as practicable after a public health emergency. Both of these requirements are in-tended to help prevent another tragedy like the tragic deaths that occurred at a Florida nursing home last year in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma. Mr. Speaker, this bill also updates the authorization for the public health emergency rapid response fund so we can prevent any delay in HHS’ rapid re-sponse to public health emergencies in the future. It also maintains the administra-tion’s flexibility to determine the best placement for the Strategic National Stockpile, or SNS. I have concerns with moving the SNS from the direc-tion of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to the Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response. To date, I have yet to hear a strong ar-gument in support of this move. I also believe CDC has the relation-ships and expertise that make the most sense for managing and operationalizing the stockpile. The CDC also has a record of successful stewardship of the SNS. That is why I supported the increased transparency and reporting included in this bill. Wherever the Strategic National Stockpile is placed, it is critical that we ensure that our current prepared-ness and response capabilities are not weakened by its placement. I also want to highlight two provi-sions that were included that will en-sure Congress receives the information it needs to respond to the Trump ad-ministration’s family separation crisis. The Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response will be required to submit to the Energy and Commerce Committee a formal strategy on their family reunification efforts as well as keep the committee informed on the status of the children still awaiting re-unification. The Trump administration’s cruel zero-tolerance policy resulted in a manmade crisis that has impacted the lives of thousands of parents and chil-dren. While we can’t undo the damage done by this policy, these provisions ensure that Congress has the informa-tion it needs to help reunite each child with their family and make sure this never happens again. Furthermore, while these provisions are important, they should not take the place of an actual oversight hear-ing on this cruel policy. This is some-thing committee Democrats have re-peatedly requested, and we will con-tinue to do so. Finally, Mr. Speaker, overall, I want to say this is a good bill. Our national preparedness and response capabilities will be better prepared to respond to public health threats thanks to the passage of the Pandemic and All-Haz-ards Preparedness and Advancing Inno-vation Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6378, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chair-man of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, obviously, in support of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness and Advancing Innovation Act. I want to thank my friend and col-league from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), our ranking Democrat on the com-mittee, for working with me on this ef-fort, but especially I want to thank Representative B
ROOKS from Indiana for her tireless effort and the partner-ship of my friend, Representative A
NNA E
SHOO of California. She and Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.014 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8780 September 25, 2018 
BROOKS really did the heavy lift here for the committee on this effort. They were able to shepherd this critical re-authorization to the floor today with unanimous support both in the sub-committee and in the full committee. So, for those out there who are watching our proceedings, know that actually we do work together and we do get some really important public policy done. These programs, commonly known as PAHPA, enable critical partnerships between the Federal Government, State and local authorities, and the private sector to ensure our Nation is responsibly prepared for and able to re-spond to public health emergencies. It is time that we get it right; it is crit-ical that we get it right; and we are. It is not really a matter of if, but when, the next pandemic strikes. The projections simply are horrifying. A full-blown pandemic flu outbreak could literally kill millions of people within months—within months. We must have the tools, backed by stable and predict-able funding, to respond to these threats and especially to the threat of pandemic flu. With this vote, the House will take an important step toward keeping our families safe in the worst-case sce-narios of dangerous disease outbreak or in the case of chemical or biological at-tack. We are moving this reauthoriza-tion on time and in a bipartisan fash-ion. Like my colleague from Indiana, I re-member when anthrax was sent to our offices and to the postal facility, and loss of life and illness and concern, and we all wondered what is next. That was part of what prompted us to get to this point and pass this legislation, not only today but back then. This is really important work, Mr. Speaker, and I commend my colleagues and the staff, who really do the incred-ible work to help us get it right. This is legislation now that will head over to the Senate, where I hope they will give it the same due consideration that we are about to here today, and then get this down to President Trump’s desk, where he will sign it into law. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my colleagues and staff on both sides of the aisle. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the sub-committee chair for the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, one century ago, our country was in the midst of the worst pandemic in history. It claimed the lives of almost 700,000 Americans and killed more than 50 million people worldwide. Mr. Speaker, we listened to testi-mony; we discussed aspects of this leg-islation before us today; and it is crit-ical that we remember the significance of the centennial anniversary of the 1918 influenza pandemic as we consider this legislation today. The creation of the Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response under the original legislation of 2006 has helped us to make monumental strides in preparedness, coordination, and response. Close collaboration be-tween the Centers for Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration and our State, local, and territorial public health partners has been vital in making this progress. Much like politics, much of public health is local and executed on the ground by our hospitals, our health de-partments, and our emergency respond-ers, who are our front lines in address-ing infectious diseases, disasters, and threats. We must evaluate the domestic bio-logical surveillance systems, such as BioWatch. This bill will help bring those programs up to date so they are operating with the most efficient capa-bilities and technologies. We must also look for innovative ways to continue to advance our medical countermeasures and ensure that Americans can access the medications that will provide crit-ical protection in the future. As we consider the problem of anti-microbial resistance in this country, we must discuss new methods to curb this growing problem. It is important to note that this re-authorization bill is being heard on the floor of the House prior to the expira-tion of the fiscal year, at which time the current authorization expires. The House, once again, has done its work in this regard, and we do urge our coun-terparts in the Senate to do their work as well. This reauthorization includes an im-portant provision: The MISSION ZERO Act. The MISSION ZERO Act seeks to connect American patients with battle- tested trauma care through the craft of military trauma care providers. The bill provides grants to allow military trauma care providers and teams to offer care in our Nation’s leading trau-ma centers and systems. The need for top-notch trauma care extends across our Nation, far away from the battlefield. I first introduced this bipartisan bill with my fellow Texan, Representative GENE GREEN , following a police shooting in Dallas 2 years ago. Over 2 years ago, five police officers were killed and nine more were injured in a shooting in downtown Dallas. In the immediate aftermath of the at-tack, area hospitals sprung into action and activated their disaster plans. The staff at Parkland Hospital, Baylor Uni-versity Hospital, and other medical professionals provided excellent emer-gency care to victims of the attack. Frontline facilities and responders in Dallas experienced this firsthand in 2014 when a patient presented with Ebola to a Dallas-Ft. Worth emergency department. We must remember that infectious diseases are a mere plane ride away, and we must continue to ensure that we are prepared and ready to respond to emerging infectious diseases world-wide. This Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness Reauthorization Act is crit-ical to protecting the lives of Ameri-cans and providing the necessary tools and infrastructure when disaster strikes. I want to thank Representative SUSAN BROOKS and A NNA ESHOO for their work on this legislation before us today. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), who also serves on the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman B
ROOKS , who is doing an outstanding job. We both served on the House Committee on Homeland Security, and we chaired a subcommittee prior to Energy and Commerce. She is doing an outstanding job. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advanc-ing Innovation Act. From storm-related injuries and ill-nesses to delivery and logistics issues, last year’s historically costly hurri-cane season tested the mettle of our health delivery system, and I am pleased to see children, seniors, and other at-risk patient communities being addressed in this reauthoriza-tion. This bill also encourages innovative partnerships and coalitions, like the Nicklaus Children’s Hospital and the Florida International University, to continue to develop novel approaches to healthcare delivery and, ultimately, save lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical piece of legisla-tion. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for moving and working on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6378, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to particu-larly thank Dr. B
URGESS and the rank-ing member of the Subcommittee on Health, G
ENEGREEN , for their leader-ship in working with so many of us who have brought this legislation to the floor at this time. It is really so very critical that all relevant Federal agencies, particularly the leadership of CDC and the ASPR, work together with our local and State partners that are truly on the ground; and I certainly urge my colleagues to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.029 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8781 September 25, 2018 
pass this important piece of legislation not only to ensure that public health is of paramount importance in this coun-try, but, also, because this is an incred-ibly important piece of national secu-rity legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Innovation Act and I’m very proud to have Representative S
USAN BROOKS as my partner. This legislation is the product of negotiation and compromise between the House and the Senate and I’m pleased that my colleagues were able to reach agreement on a bill that ensures our nation is prepared to respond to a wide range of public health emergencies, whether man-made or oc-curring through a natural disaster or infectious disease. In 2001 our nation endured the horrific at-tacks on September 11th and the anthrax at-tacks that followed shortly thereafter. Con-gress realized that our country was not pre-pared to coordinate responses to mass cas-ualty events or chemical attacks, and in 2006, I wrote legislation with then-Representative R
ICHARD BURR to address these shortfalls. That important legislation, the original Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act, was signed into law the same year. The Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness and Innovation Act we’re considering today is critical to our national security. The legislation updates the original PAHPA by di-recting federal agencies to respond to new and emerging threats, and strengthens our na-tion’s existing preparedness and response programs. The reauthorization meets the chal-lenges that we face today and those we antici-pate facing in the future. Events over the past few years including Zika, the reemergence of Ebola, and the con-stant looming threat of a biological attack by another nation or hostile non-state enemies underscore the real threats our country con-tinues to face. In 2017, our nation experienced the most destructive hurricane season in re-cent memory, followed quickly by the most deadly flu season in decades. This year, parts of our country have already faced devastating hurricanes and the season is not over yet. Our experience with each of these hazards re-minds us that our country is not yet ade-quately prepared to deal with potentially dev-astating widespread public health crises. That’s why this legislation is so critical. The legislation provides the authorization and federal resources to invest in programs that allow the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority to maintain its nimble and flexible framework while respond-ing to the existing and emerging threats our country may face. It also directs BARDA to address antimicrobial resistance which is crit-ical to our nation’s biodefense If we have a chemical or biological attack that leaves indi-viduals with burns or open wounds, the med-ical countermeasures BARDA has developed to treat that attack will be useless if those in-jured contract secondary antibiotic resistant in-fections. BARDA was created by my original legisla-tion and has been extremely successful in in-vesting in drugs that are needed to be stock-piled, and where the federal government is the only customer. There is no other market for these products and that’s why BARDA is so important. BARDA has worked with over 190 partners and brought 35 medical counter-measures through research and development to FDA approval No private company has a track record that compares to what BARDA has accomplished in just over 10 years. This bill restores multiyear appropriations for the Project BioShield Special Reserve Fund. My original legislation provided advanced ap-propriations for Project BioShield for the pur-pose of accelerating the research, develop-ment, purchase, and availability of effective medical countermeasures against biological, chemical, radiological, and nuclear (CBRN) threats. Restoring multiyear appropriations of-fers our partners with the government the cer-tainty they need to invest in these important medical countermeasures which are a matter of national security. I urge the appropriators to fully fund the multiyear appropriations this leg-islation authorizes. I’m proud that our legislation incorporates many provisions that were important to Mem-bers in both the Republican Conference, the Democratic Caucus, and to our colleagues in the Senate, to meet the needs of vulnerable communities during natural and manmade dis-asters. The legislation also reauthorizes the HHS National Advisory Committee on Children and Disasters and authorizes the Children’s Pre-paredness Unit at the CDC. This is critically important to address the persistent gaps in our nation’s preparedness and response for the most vulnerable in many crises, our nation’s children The bill also establishes an Advisory Coun-cil for People with Disabilities and an Advisory Council on Seniors to focus on the needs of these special populations during a public health emergency. It includes a proposal to prioritize bringing nursing homes back onto the power grid at the same time as hospitals after a disaster. It includes provisions related to regional health partnerships, pregnant and postpartum women and environmental health. I’m proud of this legislation and I urge my colleagues to support the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Innovation Act. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude the following letters in the R
ECORD . 
HEALTH INDUSTRY  D
ISTRIBUTORS ASSOCIATION , July 17, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy and Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , CONGRESSWOMAN BROOKS AND CON-GRESSWOMAN ESHOO : On behalf of the Health Industry Distributors Association (HIDA), we appreciate the opportunity to express our support for H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innova-tion Act of 2018 (PAHPAI). HIDA commends you for your leadership on this issue and ap-preciates the active engagement of your staff with industry to incorporate lessons learned from recent events such as Ebola and the 2017 hurricane season, in H.R. 6378, to continually improve our nation’s prepared-ness capabilities. HIDA is the trade association representing medical products distributors, all of which deliver medical products and supplies, man-age logistics, and offer customer services to more than 294,000 points of care. HIDA mem-bers primarily distribute items used in every day medical services and procedures, ranging from gauze and gloves to diagnostic labora-tory tests. Their customers include over 210,000 physician offices, 6,500 hospitals, and 44,000 nursing home and extended care facili-ties throughout the country, as well as nu-merous federal agencies and their healthcare facilities. As you know, the medical supply chain plays a critical role in preparedness, as it supplies key infection prevention products and protective equipment such as res-pirators, face shields, hoods, impermeable gowns and gloves to first responders and health care providers. Additionally, the med-ical supply chain is the primary source for the diagnostic and point-of-care rapid tests needed to identify infectious disease, as well as the ancillary products such as gloves, nee-dles and syringes needed to deliver medical countermeasures effectively. HIDA and its members have collaborated with federal agencies on identifying opportu-nities to improve coordination and develop solutions that create more elasticity in the supply chain for key products. One of the many lessons learned during the 2017 hurri-cane season was a considerable need to im-prove coordination during an emergency re-sponse, ensuring appropriate infrastructure partners are included in a prioritization process for access to affected areas after an event. We appreciate the Committees’ ac-knowledgement of the importance of this issue in the legislation, as well as the rec-ognition of the healthcare supply chain in H.R. 6378. Specifically, we support the fol-lowing: Section 101 provisions important to the healthcare supply chain including The value of public and private sector co-ordination during an event to ensure critical supplies are delivered and information is shared. The requirement that ancillary products needed to deliver a medical countermeasure are incorporated into the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enter-prise planning process. Section 319C–3 provisions that create a re-gional healthcare system plan and that it be communicated to supply chain partners so needed product can be redirected during a re-sponse. HIDA thanks you for your continued com-mitment to preparedness and look forward to working with you on H.R. 6378. Sincerely, L
INDA ROUSE O’NEILL, Vice President, Government Affairs, Health Industry Distributors Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.030 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8782 September 25, 2018 
INFECTIOUS DISEASE SOCIETY  
OFAMERICA , July 17, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Jr., Ranking Member, Energy & Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , REPRESENTATIVE BROOKS AND REP-
RESENTATIVE ESHOO : Thank you for your leadership in introducing H.R. 6378, the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018 (PAHPAI) that both reauthorizes and strengthens the Pandemic All-Hazards Preparedness Act (PAHPA). IDSA represents over 11,000 infec-tious diseases physicians and scientists. Many of our members work on the frontlines of public health emergencies, including bio-terror attacks, outbreaks, and natural disas-ters (e.g., hurricanes that carry significant infectious diseases risks). The programs and authorities contained within PAHPA provide essential resources for communities and health care facilities to prepare for and respond to public health threats. Further, PAHPA provides critical support for the research and development (R&D) of life-saving medical counter-measures (including vaccines, diagnostics, and antimicrobial drugs). In particular, IDSA is pleased to offer our strong support for the provision in H.R. 6378 to reinstate loan repayment authority for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to improve programs that train public health responders and future leaders, such as the Epidemic In-telligence Service. We also support the bill’s attention to antimicrobial resistance. We look forward to working with the Committee on continued efforts to address this urgent public health threat. A successful response to a public health emergency depends upon skilled personnel. Section 115 of H.R. 6378 will strengthen the ability of the CDC to recruit physicians to serve in the Epidemic Intelligence Service— a fellowship program that trains expert re-sponders to infectious disease outbreaks and other public health emergencies. We greatly appreciate your inclusion of this important provision. IDSA remains deeply concerned about antimicrobial resistance that threatens our national health security. We appreciate lan-guage in Section 302 authorizing the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority to undertake strategic ini-tiatives to address antimicrobial resistance, as well as Section 406 that codifies the Advi-sory Council on Combating Antibiotic Re-sistant Bacteria. These substantive efforts will continue to strengthen our national re-sponse to antimicrobial resistance, though we believe additional efforts will be essential to spur the research, development and appro-priate use of urgently needed new anti-biotics. Once again, IDSA thanks you for your dedication to our nation’s health security. We look forward to continuing to work with you on these crucial issues. Sincerely, P
AULG. A UWAERTER , MD, MBA, FIDSA, President, IDSA. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COUNTY & C
ITYHEALTH OFFICIALS , Washington, DC, July 18, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy & Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , ANDREPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : On behalf of the National Association of County and City Health Officials (NACCHO), I am writing in support of the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Advancing Innovation Act (PAHPAIA) of 2018’’ (H.R. 6378). NACCHO is the voice of the nearly 3,000 local health departments across the country that prepare communities for disasters, respond if emergencies occur, and lend support throughout the recovery proc-ess. PAHPAIA will provide needed stability for the nation’s emergency preparedness and response enterprise. We thank you for your leadership on this legislation that is essen-tial to protecting our nation and look for-ward to working with you to strengthen the legislation as it moves forward. Among the many provisions in the bill, NACCHO highlights the following: 
PHEP , HPP, MRC The programs reauthorized in PAHPAIA are vital to local health departments. The Public Health Emergency Preparedness (PHEP) program and Hospital Preparedness Program (HPP), reauthorized in PAHPAIA, are complementary programs with different purposes. PHEP supports local health de-partments’ response to public health threats and helps to build resilient communities. HPP enables health care systems to save lives during emergencies that exceed day-to- day capacity of health and emergency re-sponse systems. In addition, the Medical Re-serve Corps (MRC) program provides addi-tional public health personnel to respond to emergency needs as well as everyday health threats. The PHEP, HPP and MRC programs de-serve a level of funding that is consistent with the threats that are experienced on the ground level in cities and counties across the nation. In 2017, Congress spent a record breaking $80 billion to provide relief from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and dev-astating wildfires in California. Without the support of PHEP, HPP and MRC, the cost could have been much higher. A comprehen-sive, cost saving and proactive public health approach to disaster preparedness helps com-munities to effectively mitigate the damage and costs of disasters and help recover in the aftermath. Sustained funding to support local preparedness and response capacity helps local health departments build and convene diverse partners such as police, fire, transportation, planning departments, and community based organizations and develop and implement evidence-based, community- centered strategies. 
MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES  NACCHO supports the codification of the Public Health Emergency Medical Counter-measures Enterprise (PHEMCE). The PHEMCE Strategy and Implementation should require that state and local health de-partments be involved in all phases of the medical countermeasures (MCM) enterprise including in initial investment; research and development of vaccines, medicines, diagnostics and equipment for responding to emerging public health threats; and distribu-tion and dispensing of countermeasures. NACCHO urges that state and local public health departments have a permanent place in the PHEMCE membership to ensure that all decisions that will affect state and local health functions are vetted by public health authorities. Current funding, support, and expertise provided to state and local health depart-ments for the Strategic National Stockpile must be maintained regardless of the infra-structure or location of the SNS—it is too vital to this country’s ability to respond in the midst of a variety of large-scale emer-gencies. PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY FUND  NACCHO appreciates that the bill strengthens existing authorities for the Pub-lic Health Emergency Fund (PHEF). A stand-ing rapid response fund to provide bridge funding between base preparedness funding and supplemental appropriations for acute emergencies and emerging threats is abso-lutely necessary. NACCHO also appreciates the inclusion of provisions to maintain the pipeline of work-ers in the Epidemic Intelligence Service and to improve preparedness for children, seniors and people with disabilities. NACCHO appre-ciates the Committee’s acknowledgement that pandemic influenza, antimicrobial re-sistance and other emerging infectious dis-eases are under the umbrella of the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority’s (BARDA) mission. Recent years have demonstrated that infectious dis-eases represent as significant a threat to our national security as a natural disaster or terror attack. Thank you for your work to strengthen and enhance our nation’s preparedness and response system. We look forward to con-tinuing to work with you as this legislation moves forward. Sincerely, L
ORITREMMEL FREEMAN , MBA, Chief Executive Officer. 
THEPARTNERSHIP FOR  I
NCLUSIVE DISASTER STRATEGIES , Charleston, SC, July 18, 2018. Letter of Support for H.R. 6378—Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE ESHOO AND REP-
RESENTATIVE BROOKS : The Partnership for In-clusive Disaster Strategies (the Partnership) is the nation’s only coalition of national, state and local stakeholder organizations working together to advocate for equal ac-cess to emergency and disaster services and programs for children and adults with dis-abilities before, during and after disasters. The footprint of our membership reaches every congressional district in the country, with a presence in virtually every commu-nity. The Partnership drives disability commu-nity leadership, training, technical assist-ance, policy and operational initiatives that improve outcomes for disaster impacted communities through self-determination, health, safety, independence, empowerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of com-munity preparedness, response and disaster resilience. Our leaders include the nation’s leading ex-perts on disability inclusive emergency man-agement. We have maintained a daily pres-ence in support of disaster response, recov-ery and mitigation initiatives in TX, FL. USVI and PR since hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria made landfall in 2017, and our cur-rent focus includes the impact on individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.025 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8783 September 25, 2018 
with disabilities and disaster impacted com-munities from the wild fires in CA and the lava flows in Hawaii. Despite thousands of disaster related deaths and the disproportionate impact of the disasters on countless people with ‘‘chronic health conditions’’ (also clearly de-fined as disabilities under the ADA legal def-inition) in 2017 & 2018, the recently released FEMA After Action Report only mentions disability in a footnote and a list of acro-nyms defining the position of Disability In-tegration Advisors, never in any other con-text. Further, according to FEMA, ‘‘the hurri-canes and wildfires collectively affected more than 47 million people—nearly 15 per-cent of the Nation’s population’’. Given these statistics, it is likely that close to 10 million of these disaster impacted individ-uals should have been provided with the civil rights protections of equal access to emer-gency services and programs. It is unfortu-nate that there is no indication of any focus in the document on FEMA’s obligations, ef-forts or recommendations. Clearly there is an urgent need for advice and consultation from disability inclusive emergency management experts to improve outcomes for disaster impacted children and adults with disabilities and their commu-nities. We are writing in support of H.R. 6378-Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018, with specific support for Section 110, the establishment of a NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES IN ALL-HAZARDS EMERGENCIES. The Advisory Committee will: 1. provide advice and consultation with re-spect to activities carried out pursuant to section 2814, as applicable and appropriate; 2. evaluate and provide input with respect to the public health, accessibility, and med-ical needs of individuals with disabilities as they relate to preparation for, response to, and recovery from all-hazards emergencies; and 3. provide advice and consultation with re-spect to State emergency preparedness and response activities, including related drills and exercises pursuant to the preparedness goals under section 2802(b). We are especially interested in the Com-mittee report which will include rec-ommendations that offer specific improve-ments that could be made across local, State, tribal, territorial, and Federal efforts to improve outcomes in areas that include— ‘‘(A) preparedness; ‘‘(B) planning; ‘‘(C) exercises and drills; ‘‘(D) alerts, warning, and notifications; ‘‘(E) evacuation; ‘‘(F) sheltering; ‘‘(G) health maintenance; ‘‘(H) accessing emergency programs and services; ‘‘(I) medical care (including mental health care); ‘‘(J) temporary housing; ‘‘(K) mitigation; and ‘‘(L) community resilience; and ‘‘(2) assess the strength of existing policies to incorporate such individuals as well as the efficacy of implementation. We offer our enthusiastic support for the membership of this Committee, which will include at least four representatives who are indi-viduals with disabilities that have sub-stantive expertise in disability inclusive emergency management policy and oper-ations; at least two non-Federal health care pro-fessionals with expertise in disability acces-sibility before, during, and after disasters, medical and mass care disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery; and at least two representatives from State, local, territorial, or tribal agencies with ex-pertise in disability-inclusive disaster plan-ning, preparedness, response, or recovery. The Partnership applauds your leadership and welcomes every opportunity to work with you, and your colleagues to ensure that establishment of this vital Advisory Com-mittee is included in final passage of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. Sincerely, M
ARCIE ROTH, Chief Executive Officer. 
PEW C HARITABLE TRUSTS , Washington, DC, July 17, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy and Commerce Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN W. B ROOKS , House Energy and Commerce Committee, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. A
NNAG. E SHOO , House Energy and Commerce Committee, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , CONGRESSWOMAN BROOKS AND CON-
GRESSWOMAN ESHOO : The Pew Charitable Trusts thanks you for your continued efforts to respond to the ongoing threat of anti-biotic resistance through the introduction of H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 (PAHPA). This important legislation re-authorizes the essential work of the HHS Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response (ASPR)’s Biomedical Ad-vanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) to address public health emer-gencies and bring desperately-needed anti-biotics to patients. Effective antibacterials are central to the nation’s ability to respond to public health threats, including chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear attacks (CBRN), pandemic influenza, and emerging infectious disease—antibiotics are an inte-gral part of the nation’s armament to ad-dress these threats. We especially want to thank the Members of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for including language related to an-tibiotic resistance in Section 302 of PAHPA. This language will ensure that BARDA is ex-plicitly authorized to address all CBRN threats—both intentional and naturally oc-curring—through robust support of innova-tive approaches in both preclinical and clin-ical development. BARDA’s unique experi-ence working with industry to drive innova-tion is particularly important to advance novel therapeutics and preventive interven-tions and to help bridge the gap between basic science and successful clinical drug de-velopment. BARDA safeguards our nation’s health in-frastructure by revitalizing and encouraging antibacterial innovation to ensure that we have a healthy pool of candidate products to address emerging threats. The CARB–X ac-celerator addresses critical gaps along the early stages of the antibacterial pipeline, and BARDA’s Broad Spectrum Antimicrobials program advances thera-peutics into late stage clinical development. The two programs work in tandem to sup-port a robust pipeline of novel approaches for highly resistant infections and emerging threat pathogens. Thank you for continued support of this important work. Sincerely, K
ATHY TALKINGTON , Antibiotic Resistance Project Director. AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF  P
OISON CONTROL CENTERS , Alexandria, VA, July 20, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSWOMEN BROOKS AND ESHOO : The American Association of Poison Control Centers (AAPCC) would like to extend our support for H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innova-tion Act of 2018. As you already know, AAPCC supports the nation’s 55 poison control centers in their ef-forts to prevent and treat poison exposures. Poison control centers across the U.S. re-ceive approximately 3 million calls annually that cover a variety of substances, including prescription and over-the-counter medica-tions, illegal drugs, household products, pes-ticides, cosmetics, environmental toxins, food, plants, and animal bites and stings. These calls come from a wide variety of indi-viduals, including the public, health care providers, 911 PSAPs (Public Safety Answer-ing Points), schools, health departments, law enforcement, and other safety agencies. The centers operate 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year and are accessed through a federally funded nationwide toll free number: 800–222–1222 (Poison Help). When someone calls 800–222–1222, the calls are answered by highly trained Specialists in Poison Information (pharmacists and nurses), who diagnose, triage, and offer treatment recommendations to callers with 24-hour oversight from Board Certified Med-ical and Clinical Toxicologists. We answer calls from every state and territory in our nation. We know that you and your staff are already familiar with the wonderful work of the Indiana Poison Center and the California Poison Control System. There are three references, all in Title II, to poison centers in Public Law 113–5 (the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Re-authorization Act of 2013). These provisions allow states and public health departments to work directly with their regional poison center and have resulted in improved pre-paredness preparations in multiple commu-nities throughout the nation. Thank you for keeping these poison center references in H.R. 6378. We also deeply appreciate your inclusion of poison centers in Section 207, Regional Health Care Emergency Preparedness and Response Systems. Poison centers have a unique set of knowledge and are the primary source for poisoning information. Our em-ployees are trained to handle stressful, po-tentially life altering situations on a daily basis and we already have the infrastructure in place as a 24/7 365 days a year call center. We are a vital resource on a number of topics from chemical spills to mass exposure to an unknown toxin to a public health emergency including the pandemic flu or Ebola and Zika. The poison control system is a well-es-tablished, nationwide network made up of sophisticated and specially trained medical professionals who handle calls related to over 420,000 products and substances and their related toxicities. Our poison centers support your efforts and look forward to our work together on this important topic. Finally, a special thank you to your staff, Catherine Knowles and Ra-chel Fybel for all of their assistance. Thank you, as always, for your continued support of our 55 poison centers. Warmest regards, W
ILLIAM BANNER , Jr., MD, PhD, President, AAPCC, Oklahoma Center for Poison & Drug In-formation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.020 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8784 September 25, 2018 
STEPHEN KAMINSKI , JD, CEO and Executive Director, AAPCC. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude the following letters in the R
ECORD . 
AMERICAN SOCIETY  
FORMICROBIOLOGY , Washington, DC, July 23, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Energy and Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M INORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI , CHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , REPRESENTATIVE BROOKS AND REP-
RESENTATIVE ESHOO : The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) congratulates the Energy and Commerce Committee on its pas-sage of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 (H.R. 6378) and encourages its swift pas-sage in the House. ASM is the largest single life science soci-ety, composed of more than 32,000 scientists and health professionals. Our mission is to promote and advance the microbial sciences, including programs and initiatives funded by the federal government departments and agencies, by virtue of the pervasive role of microorganisms in health and society. Antimicrobial resistance is among the most consequential issues facing world today. ASM is therefore pleased that H.R. 6378 includes Section 406, a provision that would guarantee the continued work of the Presidential Advisory Council on Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria (PACCARB) by codifying the Advisory Council. A guar-antee of PACCARB’s continuance also sus-tains the One Health partnerships—the inte-gration of human, animal, and environ-mental domains—that have been formed since the establishment of PACCARB. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the Influenza Pandemic of 1918, which killed almost 40 million people, and serves a re-minder that the United States must be pre-pared to rapidly respond to declared and po-tential public health emergencies, including infectious disease epidemics. ASM strongly supports the legislation’s re-authorization of the Biomedical Advanced Research Development Authority (BARDA) and is pleased to see inclusion and authoriza-tion of a Pandemic Influenza Program and Emerging Infectious Disease Program. Au-thorization of funding for the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile and the Bioshield Special Reserve Fund are all critically important to our public health security. Therefore, it is important that reauthorization be met with a corresponding commitment of federal re-sources. Lastly, ASM appreciates that the legisla-tion points to the need for an adequately funded Public Health Emergency Fund (PHEF) and strengthens existing authorities for which PHEF dollars may be used, includ-ing in anticipation of a potential public health emergency. Vigilance will be required to make sure our country is adequately pre-pared to make financial resources available in a timely manner to potential or imme-diate public health emergencies, and so we look forward to your continued leadership in this regard. ASM believes that H.R. 6378 will further our nation’s preparedness to respond in a timely and coordinated manner to declared and potential public health threats. Toward this end, ASM strongly supports swift final passage by the Senate and House. We appre-ciate your championship of these issues and stands ready to work with you towards this goal. Should you have any questions, please contact Allen Segal, Director, ASM Public Policy and Advocacy. Sincerely, STEFANO BERTUZZI , PH.D., MPH, CEO, American Soci-ety for Microbiology. A
LLEN D. S EGAL , Director, Public Policy and Advocacy, American Society for Microbiology. 
ASTHO, S EPTEMBER 23, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR ALEXANDER , Chairman, Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions Committee, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGG WALDEN , Chairman, Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTY MURRAY , Ranking Member, Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Jr, Ranking Member, Energy & Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ALEXANDER , R ANKING  M
EMBER MURRAY , CHAIRMAN WALDEN , AND R
ANKING MEMBER PALLONE : The Association of State and Territorial Health Officials (ASTHO) submits this letter in support of most of the public health provisions included in the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’ (H.R. 6378). ASTHO is the national nonprofit organization representing the state and ter-ritorial public health agencies of the United States, U.S. territories, and Washington, D.C. ASTHO’s members, the chief health offi-cials of these jurisdictions, are dedicated to formulating and influencing sound public health policy and assuring excellence in pub-lic health practice. ASTHO is pleased that this bill retains ele-ments proven to be necessary, reasonable, and successful, while making further refine-ments to the underlying statute, as well as responding to and including many of ASTHO’s priorities. These priorities, out-lined in previously submitted comment let-ters, include suggestions for clarifications and acknowledgments regarding the impor-tance of state, local, territorial, and tribal public health. These provisions include: Reauthorizing the Public Health Emer-gency Preparedness Program (PHEP) and Hospital Preparedness Program (HPP). PHEP and HPP are key to the foundational capabilities of public health preparedness and healthcare Codifying the role of CDC to administer the PHEP program Bolstering the Public Health Emergency Rapid Response Fund and mechanisms to quickly distribute funds Requiring that the Public Health Emer-gency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise (PHEMCE) solicit and consider input from state, local, tribal, and territorial public health departments or officials Improving the nation’s ability to take a ‘‘OneHealth’’ approach to preparedness and response capabilities Reauthorizing the temporary reassignment of state and local personnel during public health emergencies Requiring the HHS secretary, in collabora-tion with ASPR and CDC, to maintain the strategic national stockpile Including a provision to strengthen the Epidemic Intelligence Service by increasing the loan repayment amount from $35,000 to $50,000 In addition, ASTHO expresses our concern and seeks clarification from the committee on changes to HPP, particularly those that alter eligibility requirements for funding from a ‘‘partnership’’ to‘‘coalitions.’’ One of the most crucial functions of HPP is to bring together and incentivize ‘‘diverse and often competitive healthcare organizations to work together.’’ As neutral conveners, state and territorial public health departments are the most appropriate entities and stewards of taxpayer dollars. They are also respon-sible for statewide planning and coordination of services and fundamentally serve all resi-dents in their jurisdictions—not just lives covered under a plan or specific catchment area. With the establishment of hundreds of Healthcare Coalitions across the country, ASTHO seeks assurance that the letter, spir-it, and intent of this modification does not in any way change the current cooperative agreement structure and stature, nor does it alter the role and responsibilities of states, territories, and directly-funded cities as awardees of funds under HPP. ASTHO also remains concerned that au-thorization levels—$685 million for PHEP and $385 million for HPP—are significantly lower than our suggested authorization lev-els of $824 million for PHEP and $474 million for HPP. ASTHO is concerned that author-izing at these proposed levels will be insuffi-cient. Both PHEP and HPP must be resourced at sufficient levels to ensure that every community is prepared for disasters. An efficient and effective state and local workforce depends heavily on reliable, ongo-ing funding support for a network of state and local expertise, relationships and trust that is carefully built over time through shared responses, training, and exercises. Regarding sections that speak to ‘‘reserva-tions of amounts for regional systems,’’ ASTHO would also like to reiterate that HPP is already funded at a vastly insuffi-cient level given the task of preparing the healthcare system for a surge of patients, continuity of operations, and recovery. Any funding reductions to HPP through a tap will have an adverse impact on real-time all- hazards preparedness and response activities carried out by the existing healthcare coali-tions. The costs associated with exploring the development of a regional system or net-work should not be at the expense of current critical medical readiness and patient care services. Finally, while we appreciate that the bill strengthens existing authorities for the Pub-lic Health Emergency Fund, we continue to urge Congress to create a mechanism to fund and replenish it. Without sufficient and dedi-cated funding, it will be impossible to quick-ly access funds when needed. ASTHO appreciates the opportunity to pro-vide our comments on this critical legisla-tion and the bipartisan efforts of both the House and Senate committees. Sincerely, J
OHNWIESMAN , DRPH, MPH, ASTHO President, Sec-retary of Health, Washington State Department of Health Olympia, WA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.030 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8785 September 25, 2018 
BIOTECHNOLOGY INNOVATION  O
RGANIZATION , September 24, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : On behalf of the Biotechnology Inno-vation Organization (BIO), I am writing to express our strong support for final passage of H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’. I wish to commend you for your ex-traordinary work getting this legislation to the House floor. BIO represents more than 1,000 bio-technology companies, academic institu-tions, state biotechnology centers and re-lated organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other nations. BIO’s members are committed to investing in, de-veloping, and delivering innovative vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostic tools that are transforming how we protect, treat and cure people from devastating infectious diseases. Many of BIO’s members are active partners with the U.S. government to strengthen our national health security through the devel-opment and stockpile of medical counter-measures (MCM) against the myriad threats facing our nation. The value that these MCMs offer to first responders, patients and their caregivers, and the global community is phenomenal. BIO was pleased to see the Act continue to provide support for critical preparedness pro-grams such as the BioShield Special Reserve Fund (SRF), the Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority (BARDA), and the Strategic National Stock-pile (SNS)—all of which are necessary to en-sure that we can maintain a robust medical countermeasures enterprise that can address known and unknown threats. We are also pleased to see that significant threats such pandemic influenza, emerging infectious dis-eases, and antimicrobial resistance are spe-cifically recognized in the Act and that BARDA has been authorized appropriations to address these dangerous threats. We are very supportive of the overall authorization of $2.4 billion annually to the MCM enter-prise, which will allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to more fully prepare for many of the threats affecting our national health security. BIO thanks you for your commitment to our national health security and your impor-tant work to ensure that our nation is ade-quately prepared to respond to the myriad threats we face domestically and abroad. BIO and our member companies look forward to continuing to work with you to further strengthen our preparedness against all po-tential national security and public health threats as outlined in the National Bio-defense Strategy. With Sincerest Regards, J
AMES C. G REENWOOD , President and CEO. 
CALIFORNIA LIFESCIENCES ASSOCIATION , July 16, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAG. E SHOO , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : On behalf of California Life Sciences Association (CLSA)—the statewide public policy organization representing California’s leading life science innovators, including medical device, diagnostic, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, research uni-versities and private, non-profit institutes, and venture capital firms—I am writing to express our support for H.R. 6378, the Pan-demic and All Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation (PAHPAI) Act of 2018, your legislation that will strengthen and im-prove our national preparedness and re-sponse for public health emergencies, and ac-celerate medical countermeasure research and development. Thank you for your leader-ship on this critically important issue. As you know, the recent Ebola and Zika outbreaks and ongoing threats from terrorist organizations like ISIS have repeatedly ex-posed our nation’s continued vulnerability to bioterror and pandemic threats, dem-onstrating the need for robust biodefense preparedness. Robust, long-term funding, and strong and sustained public-private part-nerships remain critical in ensuring a well- funded, well-coordinated, swift and effective response from all stakeholders. This in-cludes, critically, a robust statutory frame-work for securing our nation from chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (CBRN) threats, as well as from pandemic influenza (PI), antimicrobial resistance (AMR), and emerging infectious diseases (EID). To that end, H.R. 6378 strengthens our country’s national preparedness and re-sponse efforts for public health emergencies by codifying the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise and the duties of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response (ASPR), while main-taining the important role of the Centers for Disease Control in emergency and response activities. The legislation also provides the authorization and federal resources to invest in programs related to Pandemic Influenza and Emerging Infectious Diseases. We are pleased the bill provides new au-thorities to the Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Au-thority (BARDA) to develop strategic initia-tives for threats that pose a significant level of risk to national security, including anti-microbial resistant pathogens. We also en-courage you to continue working with you colleagues on the House Committee on En-ergy & Commerce and congressional leader-ship to explore the creation of new incen-tives to encourage investment into the de-velopment of products to treat or prevent a disease attributable to a multi-drug resist-ant bacterial or fungal pathogen. According to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention (CDC), each year at least two million people in the United States are infected with bacteria that cannot be treated with an antibiotic, resulting in roughly 23,000 deaths and health care costs as much as $20 billion annually. These staggering sta-tistics illustrate a dangerous reality: even as the rate of anti-microbial resistance has grown, research and drug development has not kept pace with the dire need for new medicines to treat these increasingly lethal ‘‘superbugs.’’ Given the threat that these deadly patho-gens pose to public health in the United States and across the world, the need for ef-fective public-private partnerships between the government, academia and industry has never been greater. The growing epidemic of multidrug-resistant infections knows no bor-ders and the reestablishment of antibiotic development as a viable investment for life sciences innovators is imperative to public health and preparedness. Thank you again for your leadership of H.R. 6378, as well as your long-standing sup-port for legislation and policy measures that improve our nation’s biodefense prepared-ness and response capabilities. CLSA is pleased to join a broad group of stakeholders in offering our strong support for H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. Please let me know if CLSA can be of assistance to you. Sincerely, JENNIFER NIETO CAREY , Vice President—Federal Government Relations & Alliance Development. 
CELLPHIRE , Rockville, MD, July 18, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy and Commerce Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE AND REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : We write in support of HR 6378, the Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness Act (PAHPA) Reauthorization. Cellphire sup-ports the Committee’s inclusion of the na-tional blood supply in the Committee mark- up of PAHPA. Numerous inquiries and hear-ings conducted after 9/11 revealed the need for a coordinated response to insure pre-paredness through maintaining an adequate blood supply and providing a rapid coordi-nated response system to distribute blood products immediately to the affected area(s) as well as recruit and manage donations re-quired for continual resupply during the cri-sis. The need for a coordinated response to the nation’s blood needs was first recognized in the National Response Plan, Emergency Support Function #8, Public Health and Medical Services Annex: Blood, Organs, and Blood Tissues—ESF #8 may task HHS components and request as-sistance from other ESF #8 partner organiza-tions to monitor and ensure the safety, availability, and logistical requirements of blood, organs, and tissues. This includes the ability of the existing supply chain resources to meet the manufacturing, testing, storage, and distribution of these products. We applaud the Committee’s recognition of the national blood supply’s importance as referenced in Section 116 which requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide a report on recommendations related to maintaining an adequate blood supply Hospitals across the nation as well as blood product companies like Cellphire are depend-ent on the stability of the blood supply and the ability of the U.S. blood supply ‘‘system’’ to respond to disaster. The organizations representing the nation’s blood centers, hos-pital-based blood banks and transfusion serv-ices, and transfusion medicine professionals have requested that you consider asking the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response (ASPR) to make the sustainability of our nation’s blood supply a critical element of our emergency prepared-ness and response systems. In addition, a joint letter to the New England Journal of Medicine authored by Harvey Klein MD, Chief Department of Medicine, the NIH Clin-ical Center, Chris Hrouda, President ARC Biomedical Services, and Jay Epstein MD, Director, Office of Blood Research and Re-view, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, FDA, warned of an approaching crisis in the sustainability of the U.S. Blood System. The concern regarding the sustain-ability and responsiveness of the U.S. blood supply was also raised by a RAND Corpora-tion study initiated by the Department of Health and Human Services, ‘‘Toward a Sus-tainable Blood Supply in the United States, An Analysis of the Current System and Al-ternatives to the Future’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.029 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8786 September 25, 2018 
The goal at Cellphire, currently supported by the ASPR through BARDA, is to develop and field a freeze-dried platelet product to stop hemorrhage that can alleviate platelet shortages and lead to a life-saving product that controls bleeding and can be stockpiled. Supplying, distributing and resupplying this and other blood products during a crisis re-quires a sustainable blood supply. The PAHPA Re-authorization bill includes language for the Assistant Secretary of Pre-paredness Response (ASPR) to include the stability of the blood supply as it considers guidelines for infrastructure. Section 203 fur-ther lists the blood banks in the stakeholder groups with whom ASPR should engage to obtain feedback on financial implications as it relates to regional preparedness planning pursuant to the guidelines. We believe the reference to the national blood supply and the inclusion of the blood collection centers and hospital blood banks in ASPR guidelines to establish infrastruc-ture and regional preparedness planning will ensure our nation’s blood supply is ready and prepared for surge capacity in the event of a disaster or terrorist attack. Thank you for your leadership in address-ing the blood supply in HR 6378, the PAHPA Reauthorization. We support the Commit-tee’s attention to this urgent matter of na-tional security. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL FITZPATRICK , Ph.D , COL (Ret.) U.S. Army, President and Director of Research, Cellphire, Inc. 
COALITION FOR EPIDEMIC  P
REPAREDNESS INNOVATIONS , July 17, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Washington DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking, Energy and Commerce Committee, Washington DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : I write in strong support of HR 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act (PAHPA.) As you know, public health emer-gencies can result from natural disasters, emerging pathogens, or man-made threats. Just last year we saw health challenges emerge on multiple fronts due to hurricanes, a virulent strain of the flu, and outbreaks of plague, Lassa, Nipah and Ebola overseas. The United States must do everything in its power to prepare for health emergencies, and HR 6378 goes a long way towards helping the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) achieve that goal. As the CEO of CEPI, an international coa-lition whose mission it is to develop vaccines to prevent future epidemics, I am heartened to see language in the bill asking HHS to re-port on its work developing vaccines to pre-vent epidemics, including its collaborations with international organizations (Section 303). As we saw in the recent Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo, vac-cines and international coalitions can play a critically important role in outbreak re-sponse and HHS should maximize its support for this kind of vaccine research and devel-opment. I am also pleased that HR 6378 creates an emerging infectious disease program within the Biomedical Advanced Research and De-velopment Authority (BARDA) [Section 302]. CEPI would welcome the opportunity to partner with BARDA on future vaccine can-didates for emerging infectious diseases of global significance. In addition, the codifica-tion of the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise (PHEMCE) is an-other important feature of this bill [Section 101]. The PHEMCE works to ensure that medical countermeasure development is aligned across the government and that bot-tlenecks can be anticipated and prevented, which is important to prevent costly dupli-cation of work and other inefficiencies. In summary, I believe that HR 6378 will strengthen US public health preparedness, particularly when it comes to vaccines and medical countermeasure development and coordination, and I am pleased that it will be considered by your committee. Sincerely, RICHARD HATCHETT , CEO. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude the following letters in the R
ECORD . 
CERUS , Concord, CA, July 17, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy & Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC, D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : As you review and delib-erate over H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innova-tion Act of 2018, we wanted to provide our support for the efforts in the legislation to preserve and protect the nation’s blood sup-ply—especially in a public health emergency. As you know, the American public expects the nation’s blood supply is safe and avail-able every day, but especially in situations of natural or man-made disasters. Blood transfusions can be lifesaving measures, but this depends on our collective ability to en-sure the safety and availability of the blood supply. Though the danger of transfusion- transmitted infections has decreased in re-cent years due to improved blood testing for specific pathogens such as HIV and hepatitis, these tests do not detect the presence of all viruses, bacteria, and parasites known to contaminate blood donations. In 2015 at the height of the Zika epidemic in Puerto Rico, the FDA released guidance calling for the use of blood treatment pathogen reduction technology as an option to reduce the risk of transfusion-transmission of Zika. This pathogen reduction technology helped ensure that very ill patients would have adequate access to safe blood and that they would not contract Zika virus infection from their therapeutic blood transfusions. Section 116 is critical to ensuring the blood collection community, in concert with the Department of Health and Human Services, begins to cohesively examine the challenges with preserving capacity in the nation’s blood supply for major emergency care, ad-dressing issues like recruiting sufficient do-nors to ensure the adequacy of the current supply to meet public health emergencies and implementation of innovative and best safety practices. The inclusion of blood banks in Section 203 is also critical for ensuring the blood bank-ing community has an opportunity to engage along with hospitals, health care facilities, public agencies and others to provide input into our nation’s new ‘‘Healthcare Prepared-ness and it Response Program.’’ The inclu-sion of blood banks is critical in providing feedback on the financial implications for the program as the industry faces many challenges in ensuring a transfusion-ready blood supply. I sincerely appreciate the time and effort that both of you, your fellow Committee members and the staff have placed in draft-ing, reviewing, and deliberation over H.R. 6378. I look forward to continuing to work with all of you in supporting our nation’s ability to respond in public health emer-gencies. Sincerely, DR. LAURENCE CORASH , MD Chief Scientific Officer, Cerus. 
JULY19, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN W. B ROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Jr., Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , ANDREPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : Child Care Aware of America cares deeply about the health and well-being of children and their success in child care. We would like to thank you for your bipartisan commitment to reauthorizing the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act. As the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness (PAHPA) and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 moves forward, we want to voice our support for extending and expanding the au-thorization of the National Advisory Com-mittee on Children and Disasters (NACCD) to address the ongoing gaps in our nation’s pre-paredness and response for children. Recent natural disasters such as Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria have demonstrated that our nation still is not fully prepared to respond to the child care needs of children. We also appreciate the proposed additional expertise to the NACCD to include non-fed-eral experts in pediatric mental or behav-ioral health, pediatric infectious disease, children’s hospitals, and children and youth with special health care needs, and particu-larly, professionals with expertise in child care or school settings. The NACCD was established to provide ad-vice and consultation to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) on issues related to the medical and public health needs of chil-dren before, during, and after disasters. The NACCD has completed several reports in re-cent years focused on youth leadership, surge capacity, and the provision of human services. Their expertise has been invaluable in ensuring that children are protected dur-ing public health emergencies and disasters. Our organization learned that after Hurri-cane Irma, 22% of the child care facilities in the state of Florida were closed due to the storm. In the Miami-Dade-Monroe area spe-cifically, 32% of facilities were closed. Fol-lowing Hurricane Harvey, 18% of child care facilities were closed in the Houston area. This means that thousands of children and their families were left without child care. This carries an incredible burden on families as they struggle to find child care when they are needed at work. Furthermore, the inter-ruption of normalcy can cause stress on chil-dren leading to negative consequences for brain development. Including expertise in child care will help in making sure that the needs of the 11 million children in child care will be met before, during, and after a dis-aster. Children are not little adults. They have specialized needs that must be considered when planning for, responding to, and recov-ering from a disaster. This includes having a strong, well-funded public health and med-ical system. We thank you considering the many needs of children and including them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.031 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8787 September 25, 2018 
in the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness (PAHPA) and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. Sincerely, C
HILD CAREAWARE OF AMERICA . 
CHIME & AEHIS, July 23, 2018. Re Inclusion of Cybersecurity in the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advanc-ing Innovation Act of 2018 Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : The College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) and the Association for Executives in Healthcare Information Security (AEHIS) sincerely appreciate the inclusion of cyberse-curity provisions in section 401 of the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Ad-vancing Innovation Act of 2018. This critical section of legislation recognizes the impor-tance of ensuring the nation’s health sys-tems are better prepared and better able to respond in the event of a cybersecurity inci-dent. CHIME is an executive organization dedi-cated to serving chief information officers (CIOs), chief medical information officers (CMIOs), chief nursing information officers (CNIOs) and other senior healthcare IT lead-ers. Consisting of more than 2,600 members in 51 countries, our members are responsible for the selection and implementation of clin-ical and business technology systems that are facilitating healthcare transformation. CHIME members are among the nation’s foremost health IT experts, including on the topic of cybersecurity. Launched by CHIME in 2014, AEHIS represents more than 850 chief information security officers (CISOs) and provides education and networking for senior IT security leaders in healthcare. CHIME and AEHIS members take their re-sponsibility to protect the privacy and secu-rity of patient data and devices networked to their system very seriously. The widespread attacks experienced by health systems worldwide during the spring of 2017 highlighted the need to consider the cybersecurity readiness of the healthcare sector and demonstrated the importance of increased preparedness and rapid response in the event of an incident. Cybersecurity threats are growing in frequency and sophis-tication coming from a variety of actors seeking to send our country’s healthcare sys-tem into disarray. Our members continue to worry about the threats to patient care and safety posed by cybersecurity attacks. CHIME and AEHIS appreciate the inclu-sion of cybersecurity in the Pandemic All Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2018. We agree that cybersecurity threats and the recognition of their potential to dis-rupt healthcare delivery is of the utmost im-portance to patient safety and therefore, needs to be a part of the National Health Se-curity Strategy. CHIME and AEHIS believe it is imperative that cybersecurity is treated as a threat to our nation in similarity to other hazards. We also appreciate the des-ignation of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response (ASPR) as the leader within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in the event of a cybersecu-rity incident. Our members have repeatedly cited confusion, leading to frustration, about which operating division within HHS has re-sponsibility over cybersecurity and serves as a liaison to the industry. We appreciate your continued interest and leadership on this important and increas-ingly urgent subject. We stand ready to work with you and your colleagues to pursue legis-lative solutions to improve the cybersecurity readiness of the nation’s healthcare sector. Sincerely, CLETIS EARLE , Chair, CHIME Board of Trustees Vice President, CIO In-formation Tech-nology, Kaleida Health. E
RIKDECKER , Chair, AEHIS Board CISO and Chief Pri-vacy Officer, University of Chicago Medicine. 
EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS , July 17, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPS. BROOKS , ESHOO , WALDEN , AND P
ALLONE : Thank you to you and your staff for your hard work in introducing H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. This legislation, like PAHPRA and PAHPA before it, is vital to ensuring our nation is safe from and prepared for both human-deployed and natural chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear (CBRN) threats. Emer-gent is pleased to support PAHPAI. We are appreciative of your staff for taking the time to meet with us and solicit feed-back about the PAHPAI. Thank you for your leadership in ensuring the legislation further strengthens our nation’s preparedness for bi-ological threats. Funding Levels: Emergent strongly sup-ports the robust funding levels authorized in PAHPAI. This funding is needed to continue to grow the public-private partnership Con-gress created to ensure the U.S. is ade-quately prepared for CBRN threats. Sus-tained and expanded investment in these programs is a vital market pull to ensure private partners produce medical counter-measures for the most serious threats we face as a nation, such as anthrax, smallpox, and chemical threats. If the government fails to adequately support the Special Re-serve Fund, BARDA, and the SNS, the nation faces the dual risk of squandering resources already invested into research and prepared-ness, while also being underprepared or un-prepared for material threats to our national security. Identified Authorization Funding Levels for Key Programs: Emergent is strongly sup-portive of the inclusion of specific funding authorization that breaks out the minimum amounts for the critical Pandemic Influenza and Emerging Infectious Disease (EID) ac-tivities supported through BARDA. Specific authorizations help ensure that BARDA’s priorities receive consistent funding needed to drive the development of countermeasures to respond to material threats, pandemic in-fluenza, emerging infectious diseases, and other public health hazards. Other Transaction (OT) Authority: We ap-preciate your efforts to update the medical countermeasure enterprise’s OT authority and harmonize it with the OT authority of other agencies. These changes will provide the enterprise needed flexibility to better prepare for manmade and naturally-occur-ring biological threats. The public health threat matrix is real and growing. Reauthorization of PAHPAI is vital to ensuring our nation is prepared for the most severe threats facing the country. As introduced, PAHPAI will greatly enhance our nation’s biosecurity preparedness. We be-lieve that Emergent is uniquely positioned to enable the U.S. and allied governments to address many of these threats based on our growing portfolio of medical counter-measures, decades of experience and exper-tise in government partnering and con-tracting, and our broad and deep manufac-turing capabilities. We hope we can be a re-source as the committee continues to work towards passage of PAHPAI. Sincerely, CHRIS FRECH , Senior Vice President, Global Government Affairs, Emergent BioSolutions, Inc. 
GENENTECH , Washington, DC, 17 July 2018. Hon. A
NNAG. E SHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN W. B ROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Jr., Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES ESHOO AND  B
ROOKS , CHAIRMAN WALDEN , AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : Genentech, Inc. (Genentech) would like to express our strong support for H.R. 6378—The Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innova-tion Act of 2018. We applaud your shared leadership and bipartisan efforts to strength-en the nation’s public health preparedness and response programs. We are particularly appreciative that H.R. 6378 authorizes a spe-cific Pandemic Influenza program at the Bio-medical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority (BARDA) to support re-search and development activities to en-hance a rapid response to pandemic influ-enza. As you continue your work toward reau-thorization, Genentech welcomes the oppor-tunity to share our relevant experience and provide any needed feedback. Sincerely, D
AVID BURT, Senior Director, Federal Government Affairs. 
GRIFOLS PUBLIC AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 24, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSWOMAN BROOKS AND CON-
GRESSWOMAN ESHOO : Thank you for your leadership on healthcare issues in the Con-gress. Grifols is proud to join the public health and infectious disease communities in expressing our strong support for H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018.’’ This legislation is critical to maintaining our na-tional preparedness in response to public health emergencies. Grifols is a global healthcare company with a 75-year history of producing plasma- derived medicines, diagnostic tools and hos-pital pharmacy products. Grifols is a leader in transfusion medicine as a supplier of blood and plasma infectious disease screening sys-tems that are critical to safeguarding the U.S. blood supply. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.034 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8788 September 25, 2018 
The Nation’s experience with emerging in-fectious diseases, such as Zika, demonstrates the need for a coordinated response to public health threats. In a report commissioned by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices Office of the Assistant Secretary of Health, the RAND Corporation found there are 86 emerging or recently emerged patho-gens that threaten the safety of the blood supply. The threat posed by these emerging infectious diseases exhibits the need to plan for managing potential outbreaks. In particular, Grifols is supportive of the provisions in H.R. 6378 to aid the develop-ment and appropriate utilization of multiuse platform technologies for diagnostics, vac-cines, and therapeutics; virus seeds; clinical trial lots; novel virus strains; and antigen and adjuvant material; as well as the provi-sions aimed at strengthening the U.S. blood supply: Requiring a report on the adequacy of the national blood supply Establish guidelines, in consultation with health care providers—including blood banks, relating to emergency preparedness which consider the needs of the blood supply, taking into account resiliency, geographic and rural considerations, as well as the fi-nancial implications of implementing such guidelines Seeking input from all blood supply stake-holders in the development of emergency preparedness guidelines will help strengthen the public health infrastructure by ensuring that the unique needs of the blood supply are met. In the interests of U.S. public health, we encourage Congress to pass H.R. 6378 to en-sure a robust response to public health threats. Sincerely, C
HRISTOPHER HEALEY , Vice President. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude the following letters in the R
ECORD . 
JULY18, 2018. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : I am writing on behalf of Roche Diagnostics Corporation in support of H.R. 6378, Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. Con-gratulations on advancing this legislation out of the Energy and Commerce Committee. We applaud your efforts in improving the nation’s overall preparedness and response capabilities. We especially appreciate the Committee’s recognition that diagnostics can play a key role in responding to public health and medical emergencies. We look forward to continuing to work with you as this legislation advances in Con-gress. Sincerely, R
USSELL C. R ING, Vice President, Government Affairs, Roche Diagnostics Corporation. 
STRATEGIC HEALTH INFORMATION  E
XCHANGE COLLABORATIVE , July 18, 2018. R
EPS. BROOKS AND ESHOO AND MEMBERS OF  
THE ENERGY AND COMMERCE COMMITTEE : On behalf of the Strategic Health Information Exchange Collaborative (SHIEC), which rep-resents more than 60 Health Information Ex-changes (HIEs) across the nation, thank you for your leadership on the reauthorization of the Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness Act (PAHPAI). SHIEC HIEs have played an important role across the country and have a strong interest in emergency preparedness and disaster relief. SHIEC HIEs have dem-onstrated the important role they play in federal, state, and local governments. In 2017 SHIEC HIEs in Texas partnered with local providers and patients to access critical medical information in the wake of Hurri-cane Harvey, and SHIEC HIEs in New York helped to thwart a ransomware attack and safeguard patient information. SHIEC is a recognized leader in medical record inter-operability via the Patient Centered Data Home. This initiative allows patients, no matter where they are—whether caught up in emergencies while traveling or displaced by disasters—access to their medical infor-mation when and where they need it. SHIEC is pleased with the proposed direc-tion for this reauthorization of PAHPAI, particularly the broadened scope of Title II regarding ‘‘Optimizing State and Local All- Hazards Preparedness and Response.’’ State and local agencies and hospitals are not the only healthcare stakeholders during a crisis. There are many entities that should be con-sulted in emergency-planning. Addressing the problems and solutions more broadly al-lows state and local agencies and hospitals to better prepare and handle disasters. To this end SHIEC applauds the Commit-tee’s inclusion of not just the brick and mor-tar infrastructure, but also the ‘‘techno-logical infrastructure’’ while developing guidelines and protocols. SHIEC is also happy to see the broad reference to ‘‘healthcare or subject matter experts’’ which replaces a more restrictive reference to healthcare providers and agencies. SHIEC recommends inclusion of HIEs spe-cifically. As the data trustees in a commu-nity, SHIEC HIEs offer vital services to sup-port a community in crisis. Awareness and realization of this full benefit has yet to be achieved in some areas. Without inclusion of clarifying language, SHIEC is concerned HIEs may still be left out of planning. SHIEC hopes however, that the broader, more inclu-sive language that the Committee has pro-posed will be expansive enough to ensure HIEs a seat at the emergency preparedness and disaster relief table. Thank you, KELLY HOOVER THOMPSON , CEO. 
TAKEDA , Cambridge, MA, July 20, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chariman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN W. B ROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , JR., Ranking Member, House and Energy and Com-merce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAG. E SHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. C
HAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER PAL-
LONE , AND REPRESENTATIVES BROOKS AND  E
SHOO : Takeda Vaccines appreciates the op-portunity to support H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. The legislation con-tains important provisions to improve the nation’s ability to respond to public health emergencies and to accelerate research and development of medical countermeasures. Of particular note is the creation of the Emerg-ing Infectious Disease Program within the Biomedical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) that will sup-port research and development and manufac-turing infrastructure with respect to emerg-ing infectious diseases. Takeda is a global, research and develop-ment-driven pharmaceutical company com-mitted to bringing better health and a brighter future to patients by translating science into life-changing medicines. In addi-tion to its efforts in oncology, gastro-enterology, and neuroscience, Takeda is ac-tively engaged in the research and develop-ment of vaccines including one for the dead-ly Zika virus. We appreciate the collabora-tion with BARDA to advance innovation in this disease state. Takeda applauds the action of the House Energy and Commerce Committee to pass H.R. 6378 on July 18, 2018, and thanks the Members and staff for their hard work on this critical bill. Sincerely, RAJEEV VENKAYYA , M.D., President, Global Vaccines Business Unit, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. 
TRAUMA CENTER ASSOCIATION OF  A
MERICA , July 24, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Committee on Energy & Com-merce, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN BROOKS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , JR., Ranking Member, House Committee on Energy & Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. A
NNAESHOO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , REP. BROOKS AND REP. ESHOO : The Trauma Center Association of America (‘‘TCAA’’) strongly supports H.R. 6378, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. We ap-plaud your bipartisan leadership in devel-oping this legislation that will help improve and strengthen the preparedness and re-sponse capabilities of our nation’s trauma care system. We appreciate your willingness to work with TCAA and our members as you crafted this important piece of legislation. Specifi-cally, we are pleased to see that the bill re-authorizes federal grant funding to support the core missions of trauma centers to offset the cost of activities such as patient sta-bilization and transfer, trauma education and outreach, coordination with local and re-gional trauma systems, essential personnel, trauma staff recruitment and retention, en-suring surge capacity, and trauma-related emotional and mental health services. Additionally, TCAA has long advocated for the MISSION ZERO Act, and we strongly support the inclusion of language to estab-lish a grant program for military-civilian partnerships in trauma care that will allow both sectors to benefit from the others’ ex-pertise and experience. This will benefit pa-tients both on and off the battlefield and we look forward to continuing to work with you to implement this program. Finally, we were pleased to see that the bill requires the development of guidelines, and the authorization of a demonstration program, to promote coordination and surge capacity among regional systems of hos-pitals and other public health facilities dur-ing a public health emergency. This will help improve our nation’s response capabilities and give more patients access to high qual-ity trauma care. We look forward to passage of H.R. 6378 and continued work with the Senate to ensure that this legislation becomes law. Again, thank you for your hard work and commit-ment to preparing and equipping our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.039 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8789 September 25, 2018 
healthcare system for future disasters and public health emergencies. E
ILEEN WHALEN , MHA, BSN, RN, Chair, Board of Directors. Trauma Center Association of America. J
ENNIFER WARD, MBA, BSN, RN, President, Trauma Center Association of America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6378, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to reauthorize cer-tain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthoriza-tion Act.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NUCLEAR UTILIZATION OF KEYNOTE ENERGY ACT Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1320) to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 re-lated to Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion user fees and annual charges, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1320 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Uti-lization of Keynote Energy Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2020. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6101(c)(2)(A) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214(c)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) amounts appropriated to the Commis-sion for the fiscal year for activities related to the development of a regulatory infra-structure for advanced nuclear reactor tech-nologies (which may not exceed $10,300,000).’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Effective October 1, 2020, sec-tion 6101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214) is repealed. 
SEC. 3. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 AND EACH FISCAL YEAR THEREAFTER. 
(a) A NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the annual budget jus-tification submitted by the Commission to Congress, the Commission shall expressly identify anticipated expenditures necessary for completion of the requested activities of the Commission anticipated to occur during the applicable fiscal year. (2) R
ESTRICTION .—The Commission shall, to the maximum extent practicable, use any funds made available to the Commission for a fiscal year for the anticipated expenditures identified under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year. (3) L
IMITATION ON CORPORATE SUPPORT  
COSTS .—With respect to the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, cor-porate support costs, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the following percentages of the total budget authority of the Commission requested in the annual budget justification: (A) 30 percent for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022. (B) 29 percent for each of fiscal years 2023 and 2024. (C) 28 percent for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter. (b) FEES AND CHARGES .— (1) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Commission shall assess and collect fees and charges in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) in a manner that ensures that, to the maximum extent practicable, the amount as-sessed and collected is equal to an amount that approximates— (i) the total budget authority of the Com-mission for that fiscal year; less (ii) the budget authority of the Commis-sion for the activities described in subpara-graph (B). (B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) are the following: (i) Any fee-relief activity, as identified by the Commission. (ii) Amounts appropriated for the fiscal year to the Commission— (I) from the Nuclear Waste Fund estab-lished under section 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)); (II) for implementation of section 3116 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2601 note; Public Law 108–375); (III) for the homeland security activities of the Commission (other than for the costs of fingerprinting and background checks re-quired under section 149 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2169) and the costs of conducting security inspections); (IV) for the Inspector General services of the Commission provided to the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board; (V) for the partnership program with insti-tutions of higher education established under section 244 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2015c); and (VI) for the scholarship and fellowship pro-grams under section 243 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2015b). (iii) Costs for activities related to the de-velopment of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear reactor technologies (which may not exceed $10,300,000). (C) E
XCEPTION .—The exclusion described in subparagraph (B)(iii) shall cease to be effec-tive on January 1, 2026. (D) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2023, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the views of the Commis-sion on the continued appropriateness and necessity of funding for the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(iii). (2) F
EES FOR SERVICE OR THING OF VALUE .— In accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission shall assess and collect fees from any person who receives a service or thing of value from the Commission to cover the costs to the Com-mission of providing the service or thing of value. (3) A
NNUAL CHARGES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Commission may charge to any li-censee or certificate holder of the Commis-sion an annual charge in addition to the fees set forth in paragraph (2). (B) CAP ON ANNUAL CHARGES OF CERTAIN LI -
CENSEES .— (i) O
PERATING REACTORS .—The annual charge under subparagraph (A) charged to an operating reactor licensee, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the an-nual fee amount per operating reactor li-censee established in the final rule of the Commission entitled ‘‘Revision of Fee Sched-ules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2015’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37432 (June 30, 2015)), as may be ad-justed annually by the Commission to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. (ii) F
UEL FACILITIES .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The total annual charges under subparagraph (A) charged to fuel facil-ity licensees, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, shall not exceed an amount that is equal to the total annual fees collected from the fuel facilities class under the final rule of the Commission entitled ‘‘Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (81 Fed Reg. 41171 (June 24, 2016)), which amount may be adjusted annually by the Commission to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. (II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply if the number of licensed facilities classified by the Commission as fuel facili-ties exceeds seven. (III) C
HANGES TO ANNUAL CHARGES .—Any change in an annual charge under subpara-graph (A) charged to a fuel facility licensee shall be based on— (aa) a change in the regulatory services provided with respect to the fuel facility; or (bb) an adjustment described in subclause (I). (iii) W
AIVER .—The Commission may waive, for a period of 1 year, the cap on annual charges described in clause (i) or (ii) if the Commission submits to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a written deter-mination that the cap on annual charges may compromise the safety and security mission of the Commission. (C) A
MOUNT PER LICENSEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall es-tablish by rule a schedule of annual charges fairly and equitably allocating the aggregate amount of charges described in clause (ii) among licensees and certificate holders. (ii) A
GGREGATE AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the aggregate amount of charges for a fiscal year shall equal an amount that approximates— (I) the amount to be collected under para-graph (1)(A) for the fiscal year; less (II) the amount of fees to be collected under paragraph (2) for the fiscal year. (iii) R
EQUIREMENT .—The schedule of charges under clause (i)— (I) to the maximum extent practicable, shall be reasonably related to the cost of providing regulatory services; and (II) may be based on the allocation of the resources of the Commission among licens-ees or certificate holders or classes of licens-ees or certificate holders. (D) E
XEMPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the holder of any license for a federally owned research reactor used pri-marily for educational training and aca-demic research purposes. (c) P
ERFORMANCE AND REPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall de-velop for the requested activities of the Com-mission— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.040 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8790 September 25, 2018 
(A) performance metrics; and (B) milestone schedules. (2) D
ELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION .—If the final safety evaluation for a requested activity of the Commission is not completed by the completion date re-quired by the performance metrics or mile-stone schedule under paragraph (1), the Exec-utive Director for Operations of the Commis-sion shall, not later than 30 days after such required completion date, inform the Com-mission of the delay. (3) D
ELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION EXCEEDING 180 DAYS .—If a final safety evaluation described in paragraph (2) is not completed by the date that is 180 days after the completion date required by the performance metrics or milestone schedule under paragraph (1), the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a timely report de-scribing the delay, including a detailed ex-planation accounting for the delay and a plan for timely completion of the final safe-ty evaluation. (d) A
CCURATE INVOICING .—With respect to invoices for fees charged under subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall— (1) ensure appropriate review and approval prior to the issuance of invoices; (2) develop and implement processes to audit invoices to ensure accuracy, trans-parency, and fairness; and (3) modify regulations to ensure fair and appropriate processes to provide licensees and applicants an opportunity to efficiently dispute or otherwise seek review and correc-tion of errors in invoices for such fees. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the implementation of this section, including any effects of such imple-mentation and recommendations for im-provement. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR .—The term ‘‘advanced nuclear reactor’’ means a nuclear fission or fusion reactor, including a proto-type plant (as defined in sections 50.2 and 52.1 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations), with significant improvements compared to commercial nuclear reactors under construc-tion as of the date of enactment of this Act, including improvements such as— (A) additional inherent safety features; (B) significantly lower levelized cost of electricity; (C) lower waste yields; (D) greater fuel utilization; (E) enhanced reliability; (F) increased proliferation resistance; (G) increased thermal efficiency; or (H) ability to integrate into electric and nonelectric applications. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (3) C
ORPORATE SUPPORT COSTS .—The term ‘‘corporate support costs’’ means expendi-tures for acquisitions, administrative serv-ices, financial management, human resource management, information management, in-formation technology, policy support, out-reach, and training. (4) R
ESEARCH REACTOR .—The term ‘‘re-search reactor’’ means a nuclear reactor that— (A) is licensed by the Commission under section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)) for operation at a thermal power level of not more than 10 megawatts; and (B) if so licensed for operation at a thermal power level of more than 1 megawatt, does not contain— (i) a circulating loop through the core in which the licensee conducts fuel experi-ments; (ii) a liquid fuel loading; or (iii) an experimental facility in the core in excess of 16 square inches in cross-section. (5) REQUESTED ACTIVITY OF THE COMMIS -
SION.—The term ‘‘requested activity of the Commission’’ means— (A) the processing of applications for— (i) design certifications or approvals; (ii) licenses; (iii) permits; (iv) license amendments; (v) license renewals; (vi) certificates of compliance; and (vii) power uprates; and (B) any other activity requested by a li-censee or applicant. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes effect on October 1, 2020. 
SEC. 4. STUDY ON ELIMINATION OF FOREIGN LI-CENSING RESTRICTIONS. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall transmit to Congress a report con-taining the results of a study on the feasi-bility and implications of repealing restric-tions under sections 103 d. and 104 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2133(d); 2134(d)) on issuing licenses for certain nu-clear facilities to an alien or an entity owned, controlled, or dominated by an alien, a foreign corporation, or a foreign govern-ment. 
SEC. 5. STUDY ON THE IMPACT OF THE ELIMI-NATION OF MANDATORY HEARING FOR UNCONTESTED LICENSING AP-PLICATIONS. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall transmit to Congress a report con-taining the results of a study on the effects of eliminating the hearings required under section 189 a. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2239(a)) for an application under section 103 or section 104 b. of such Act for a construction permit for a facility in the absence of a request of any person whose in-terest may be affected by the proceeding. 
SEC. 6. INFORMAL HEARING PROCEDURES. 
Section 189 a. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2239(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The Commission may use informal ad-judicatory procedures for any hearing re-quired under this section for which the Com-mission determines that adjudicatory proce-dures under section 554 of title 5, United States Code, are unnecessary.’’. 
SEC. 7. APPLICATION REVIEWS FOR NUCLEAR ENERGY PROJECTS. 
Section 185 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2235) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘c. A
PPLICATION REVIEWS FOR NUCLEAR EN-
ERGY PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) S
TREAMLINING LICENSE APPLICATION RE -
VIEW.—With respect to an application that is docketed seeking issuance of a construction permit, operating license, or combined con-struction permit and operating license for a production or utilization facility, the Com-mission shall include the following proce-dures: ‘‘(A) Undertake an environmental review process and issue any draft environmental impact statement to the maximum extent practicable within 24 months after the appli-cation is accepted for docketing. ‘‘(B) Complete the technical review process and issue any safety evaluation report and any final environmental impact statement to the maximum extent practicable within 42 months after the application is accepted for docketing. ‘‘(2) EARLY SITE PERMIT .— ‘‘(A) S
UPPLEMENTAL ENVIRONMENTAL IM -
PACT STATEMENT .—In a proceeding for a com-bined construction permit and operating li-cense for a site for which an early site per-mit has been issued, any environmental im-pact statement prepared by the Commission and cooperating agencies shall be prepared as a supplement to the environmental im-pact statement prepared for the early site permit. ‘‘(B) I
NCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .—The supplemental environmental impact state-ment shall— ‘‘(i) incorporate by reference the analysis, findings, and conclusions from the environ-mental impact statement prepared for the early site permit; and ‘‘(ii) include additional discussion, anal-yses, findings, and conclusions on matters resolved in the early site permit proceeding only to the extent necessary to address in-formation that is new and significant in that the information would materially change the prior findings or conclusions. ‘‘(3) P
RODUCTION OR UTILIZATION FACILITY  
LOCATED AT AN EXISTING SITE .—In reviewing an application for an early site permit, con-struction permit, operating license, or com-bined construction permit and operating li-cense for a production or utilization facility located at the site of a licensed production or utilization facility, the Commission shall, to the extent practicable, use information that was part of the licensing basis of the li-censed production or utilization facility. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall initiate a rulemaking, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act, to amend the regulations of the Commission to imple-ment this subsection. ‘‘(5) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘envi-ronmental impact statement’ means a de-tailed statement required under section 102(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(C)). ‘‘(6) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—Nothing in this subsection exempts the Commission from any requirement for full compliance with section 102(2)(C) of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)).’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORT IDENTIFYING BEST PRACTICES FOR ESTABLISHMENT AND OPER-ATION OF LOCAL COMMUNITY ADVI-SORY BOARDS. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion shall submit to Congress, and make pub-licly available, a report identifying best practices with respect to the establishment and operation of a local community advisory board to foster communication and informa-tion exchange between a licensee planning for and involved in decommissioning activi-ties and members of the community that de-commissioning activities may affect, includ-ing lessons learned from any such board in existence before the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) the topics that could be brought before a local community advisory board; (B) how such a board’s input could be used to inform the decision-making processes of stakeholders for various decommissioning activities; (C) what interaction such a board could have with the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion and other Federal regulatory bodies to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.035 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8791 September 25, 2018 
support the board members’ overall under-standing of the decommissioning process and promote dialogue between the affected stakeholders and the licensee involved in de-commissioning activities; and (D) how such a board could offer opportuni-ties for public engagement throughout all phases of the decommissioning process; (2) a discussion of the composition of a local community advisory board; and (3) best practices relating to the establish-ment and operation of a local community ad-visory board, including— (A) the time of establishment of such a board; (B) the frequency of meetings of such a board; (C) the selection of board members; (D) the term of board members; (E) the responsibility for logistics required to support such a board’s meetings and other routine activities; and (F) any other best practices relating to such a local community advisory board that are identified by the Commission. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the re-port described in subsection (a), the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall consult with any host State, any community within the emergency planning zone of an applicable nuclear facility, and any existing local com-munity advisory board. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall submit to Congress a re-port on the status of addressing and imple-menting the recommendations contained in the memorandum of the Executive Director of Operations of the Commission entitled ‘‘Tasking in Response to the Assessment of the Considerations Identified in a ‘Study of Reprisal and Chilling Effect for Raising Mis-sion-Related Concerns and Differing Views at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’’’ and dated June 19, 2018 (ADAMS Accession No.: ML18165A296). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1320, the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act is a bipartisan bill. The NUKE Act, as it is known, was sponsored by my Energy and Commerce friends, A
DAM K
INZINGER from Illinois and M IKE D
OYLE from Pennsylvania. The bill went through regular order in the com-mittee. With only one single amend-ment, it went through the full com-mittee by a voice vote. The NUKE Act makes targeted re-forms to the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission. It reforms the fee structure, which, at present, threatens to in-crease the financial burden of our Na-tion’s nuclear fleet, nuclear suppliers, and those working on cutting-edge technology. This will be critical in the coming years as a large number of re-actors are taken out of service. The bill also streamlines some of the licensing steps and other rules at the NRC. It means Congress will get useful information for oversight so we can find even more steps to keep the NRC on track. We need to make sure the old rules on nuclear power, dating back as far as the 1960s, still makes sense today. Overall, H.R. 1320 will help the nu-clear industry with more clear and straightforward rules. And in doing so, average Americans and companies, large and small, will benefit. Nuclear technology can be part of the future for industry, medicine, and clean energy. Nuclear power is unique. It is the only baseload power we have that has no hy-drocarbon emissions, zero. We also make sure that global leadership on nuclear power stays right here in America. That is important not just for jobs but for our national security. There is no question that nuclear power in America is flying into a headwind, but there is also no question that the industry provides important and sometimes underappreciated bene-fits to America. Congress can help lighten the burden while still making nuclear power the safest in the indus-try. H.R. 1320 is a key piece of this effort to ensure we have a robust nuclear in-dustry going forward. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1320, the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act. This bill makes commonsense revisions to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, or NRC’s li-censing process that can ease the fi-nancial pressure on the nuclear indus-try without jeopardizing safety or the environment. Specifically, the bill makes a number of changes to the NRC’s budget process and fee structure, most significantly by limiting the fees charged to inno-vate and advance nuclear reactor projects. An important component of the bill requires NRC to report back to Con-gress on the commission’s actions to address instances of employees facing reprisal for raising safety concerns that differ from the commission’s posi-tion on a particular licensing action. A recent internal NRC report identi-fied several troubling cases of NRC em-ployees, who raised safety issues, being passed over for promotions or being ex-cluded from work activities by man-agement. This can’t stand, and I am pleased that this bill will take steps to-ward addressing this unacceptable situ-ation. The bill also requires NRC to report to Congress on best practices for com-munity engagement in regions where a nuclear power plant has shut down and is going through the decommissioning process. This is particularly important in my home State of New Jersey where the Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station ceased operations last week. I appreciate the efforts of the spon-sors of this bill, Representatives DOYLE  and K
INZINGER , to work with Ranking Member R
USHand me to make impor-tant changes to their original draft bill that significantly improved the legisla-tion. I commend Mr. D
OYLE and Mr. K
INZINGER for their efforts. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the chairman of the full Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their great work on the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act, H.R. 1320. I especially thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), who is one of our real leaders on energy issues writ large on the Energy and Commerce Committee. By any measure, atomic energy has brought tremendous benefits to the Na-tion. It has provided a baseload, emis-sions-free source of electricity that has powered homes and industry over the past half century. It has provided an infrastructure for our national and international security—from the tech-nologies and fuels for our nuclear Navy, to the safety and security for ci-vilian nuclear power the world over. However, a confluence of factors— abundant natural gas, power market designs, economic and regulatory bur-dens—they have all inhibited the Na-tion’s nuclear industry over the past 10 years. So the challenge confronting Con-gress is how to preserve and enhance the beneficial use of atomic energy for future generations. To continue to har-vest the economic and national secu-rity benefits associated with our do-mestic nuclear energy infrastructure, we must take steps to update the rel-evant policies. So these policies must be forward looking to enable innova-tion and the development and deploy-ment of new, advanced nuclear tech-nologies. This bipartisan bill by Mr. K
INZINGER  and Mr. D
OYLE updates the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s fee structure for the first time in nearly 20 years, Madam Speaker. It reflects thoughtful work on both sides of the aisle to achieve really good public policy. H.R. 1320 establishes reasonable and predictable timeframes for regulatory decisions so that companies like Or-egon-based NuScale Power can develop business plans to commercialize new nuclear technologies while also pro-tecting future consumers from high regulatory costs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.035 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8792 September 25, 2018 
I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their great work on yet another piece of legislation out of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1320. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ), my colleague on the committee. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE . I appreciate the opportunity to speak about the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act, or the NUKE Act. I thank my colleague, A
DAM K
INZINGER , for introducing this bill and working with me to advance it. I also thank Chris Bowman and Claire Borzner from my staff, as well as Mr. K
INZINGER ’s staff, and the Energy and Commerce Committee staff for their diligent work to get this bill to the floor. This legislation is very timely as the nuclear industry is facing pressure from a variety of factors. Nuclear en-ergy provides nearly 40 percent of Pennsylvania’s electricity, and it em-ploys thousands of skilled workers in Pennsylvania. However, increasing NRC fees and uncertainty in the nuclear export proc-ess threaten this carbon-free and reli-able source of baseload power. Address-ing some of these issues is necessary to protect jobs in Pennsylvania and across the country, as well as to meet our Nation’s climate goals. This bipartisan legislation will take important steps to modernize the NRC’s fee structure, set achievable and flexible timelines for application re-views, and look to future reforms that will ensure the NRC can continue to ef-fectively protect public health and safety. The bill addresses a serious reality facing the nuclear industry. As nuclear power plants retire, the remaining fleet will be faced with increasing fees from the NRC. We need to support our exist-ing nuclear plants while ensuring that the NRC is able to fulfill its mission, and I believe that this legislation ac-complishes those goals. So once again, I thank Mr. K
INZINGER  for his work, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ), the author of the bill. Mr. KINZINGER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-port of this bill, H.R. 1320, the Nuclear Utilization of Keystone Energy Act, which I proudly introduced with my colleague, M
IKEDOYLE . I want to also share my compliments to his staff and my staff working together very well on hammering out a lot of the technical issues and getting this done. It shows that hard work matters. The United States is home to nine nuclear power plants—my district has four of those—which provide reliable, carbon-free electricity to thousands of American homes and businesses. Unfortunately, nuclear power is at a critical impasse, and many of these plants are facing early retirements, which means a loss of clean energy, good jobs, and our global leadership on vital issues like safety and non-proliferation. This legislation, the NUKE Act, makes commonsense reforms to in-crease transparency, predictability, and accountability at the NRC. Be-cause nuclear plants pay to be regu-lated by the NRC, these reforms, in-cluding a predictable fee recovery structure, caps on annual fees, and keeping overhead costs in line with similar Federal agencies, will not only increase stability at our operating plants, but it will also pave the way for the next generation of nuclear tech-nology. I also think it is important to point out that many times in the energy bat-tle, we sometimes find out we needed to do something when it is too late and you spend a lot of time playing catch- up. This is a proactive way to make sure we maintain this strong fleet of which America is a leader. In closing, I urge my colleagues to join me and Congressman DOYLE in supporting H.R. 1320, the NUKE Act, and help ensure a safe and strong fu-ture for American nuclear power. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan initiative, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, the ranking member of the full committee said it just perfectly: Support this bill. It is a good bipartisan bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1320, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE REFORM ACT Mr. BARTON. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6511) to authorize the Sec-retary of Energy to carry out a pro-gram to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6511 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strategic Petro-leum Reserve Reform Act’’. SEC. 2. USE OF UNDERUTILIZED STRATEGIC PE-TROLEUM RESERVE FACILITIES. 
Section 168 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 168. USE OF UNDERUTILIZED FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, the Secretary may estab-lish and carry out a program to lease underuti-lized Strategic Petroleum Reserve storage facili-ties and related facilities to the private sector, or a foreign government or its representative. Pe-troleum products stored under this section are not part of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. ‘‘(b) P
ROTECTION OF FACILITIES .—Any lease entered into under the program established under subsection (a) shall contain provisions providing for fees to fully compensate the United States for all related costs of storage and removals of petroleum products (including the proportionate cost of replacement facilities ne-cessitated as a result of any withdrawals) in-curred by the United States as a result of such lease. ‘‘(c) A
CCESS BY THE UNITED STATES .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that leasing of facilities under the program established under subsection (a) does not impair the ability of the United States to withdraw, distribute, or sell petroleum products from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in response to an energy emergency or to the ob-ligations of the United States under the Agree-ment on an International Energy Program. ‘‘(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that leasing of facilities under the program established under subsection (a) to a foreign government or its representative will not impair national security. ‘‘(e) D
EPOSITS OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), amounts received through the leasing of facilities under the program established under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which such amounts are received. ‘‘(2) C
OSTS.—The Secretary may use for costs described in subsection (b) (other than costs de-scribed in subsection (f)), without further appro-priation, amounts received through the leasing of facilities under the program established under subsection (a). ‘‘(f) P
REPARATION OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary shall only use amounts available in the Energy Security and Infrastructure Moderniza-tion Fund established by section 404 of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015 for costs described in subsection (b) of this section that relate to addition of facilities or changes to facilities or facility operations necessary to lease such facili-ties, including costs related to acquisition of land, acquisition of ancillary facilities and equipment, and site development, and other nec-essary costs related to capital improvement.’’. 
SEC. 3. PILOT PROGRAM TO LEASE STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title I of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 170. PILOT PROGRAM TO LEASE STORAGE AND RELATED FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—In carrying out section 168 and not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act, the Secretary shall establish and carry out a pilot program to make available for lease— ‘‘(1) capacity for storage of up to 200,000,000 barrels of petroleum products at Strategic Petro-leum Reserve storage facilities; and ‘‘(2) related facilities. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) identify appropriate Strategic Petroleum Reserve storage facilities and related facilities to lease, in order to make maximum use of such fa-cilities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.034 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8793 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(2) identify and implement any changes to facilities or facility operations necessary to so lease such facilities, including any such changes necessary to ensure the long-term structural via-bility and use of the facilities for purposes of this part and part C; ‘‘(3) make such facilities available for lease; and ‘‘(4) identify environmental effects, including benefits, of leasing storage facilities and related facilities. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve Reform Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the status of the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act is amended by adding after the item re-lating to section 169 the following: ‘‘Sec. 170. Pilot program to lease storage and re-lated facilities.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARTON. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, in 1995, President Ford signed a bill to ban the sale of crude oil overseas. Two years ago, we repealed that ban, and, last month, we were exporting some days 3 million barrels of oil per day. b1545 We have gone from a nation that was importing up to 80 percent of our oil to a nation that, today, if we absolutely had to, could be totally energy inde-pendent. Because of the Arab oil embargo in the early 1970s, a little before President Ford signed the bill that said you couldn’t export crude oil, we estab-lished a Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The idea was that we wanted to store oil in underground caverns—crude oil— so that, if there were another supply disruption, we would have the crude oil even if the OPEC cartel cut off oil ship-ments to the United States. We have authorized up to a billion barrels of crude oil in this reserve, and there is currently a little under 700 million barrels. But, Madam Speaker, we don’t need 700 million barrels of crude oil today because, as I have just pointed out, when we allowed crude oil to be exported, we unleashed a drilling boom in the United States that has driven our oil production on a daily basis from around 6 million barrels of oil per day to, this past month, 11 mil-lion barrels of oil per day. So, hence, the idea embodied in H.R. 6511, cosponsored by my good friend from Chicago, Democrat BOBBY RUSH. It is pretty straightforward. We have quite a bit of excess capac-ity right now in the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. We have authorized the sale of about 300 million barrels be-tween now and 2028. If that oil is actu-ally sold, we will have almost half of the SPR without any crude oil in it. So why not set up a program and author-ize the Department of Energy to put that vacant space up for bid? Oil producers all over the United States are scrambling for ways to store all the oil that we are producing while it is waiting to be refined or shipped overseas. This is not a mandatory program. We are not mandating that the private sec-tor has to lease the space. What we are saying is, if the private sector wants to negotiate with the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve managers, and it is a good deal for both sides, they can. We currently—now, this number may not be exactly right, Madam Speaker, but we spend about $200 million a year, I believe, to store the oil that we are storing in the reserve, that is owned by the taxpayers. If you have vacant space and you allow the private sector to use that va-cant space and you charge whatever the market rate is for the private sec-tor to put oil in the reserve for a short term, those funds will offset the cost of storing the government-owned oil. They will also offset the cost of main-taining the reserve, and they will offset the cost of improving the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve. Again, this is not a mandatory pro-gram, so we believe that this bill, H.R. 6511, is a win-win. It helps the tax-payers because it might generate some revenue that could be used to offset the cost of maintaining the reserve as it exists. It might save the private sector some money if they decide to utilize it. And it might—and I would say, prob-ably will—make our energy sector more efficient because the private sec-tor, should they choose to participate in this program, doesn’t have to go out and build above-ground storage and maintain the above-ground storage. They can use the existing capacity that has already been hollowed out on the Gulf Coast of the United States that is very conveniently located adja-cent to our refineries and/or to our ex-port terminals; and that will, overall, lower costs of the whole system and end up being a win for the consumer both in the United States and overseas. So I would hope that, when the time comes later today, we will pass this unanimously. I want to thank, again, my original Democratic sponsor, Congressman R
USH of Chicago, Illinois. I want to thank the subcommittee chairman, F
REDUPTON of Michigan; the full com-mittee chairman, G
REGWALDEN of Or-egon; and the full committee ranking member, who is on the floor, Mr. P
AL-
LONE of New Jersey. We have all worked on a bipartisan basis to pass this, and we think that is why we have put it on the suspension calendar. As you know, Madam Speaker, sus-pension bills have to get a two-thirds vote, and I am hoping that this bill gets a 100 percent vote. It is a good bill. It is a win-win. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6511, the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve Reform Act. This bill would set up a pilot program to facilitate the leasing of unused storage space in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, or SPR, while attempting to ensure that the government and taxpayers benefit from these leases. This is a worthy cause, and I commend Representatives BAR-
TONand R USHfor their efforts. In recent years, Congress has turned to the SPR repeatedly as an offset for deficits, transportation funding, and other items. In fact, it has been used far more in recent years for those pur-poses than for energy security. And these SPR sales, which will occur over the next several years, will free up a great deal of physical space in the re-serve. This bill puts that empty space to good use. The bill is part of our committee’s ongoing efforts to modernize the SPR. Going forward, we need to rethink its whole structure, including exploring the authorization of regional refined product reserves. Today, there are two regional supply reserves, both serving the Northeastern States: The Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve and the Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve. The Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve was created by our committee in the Energy Act of 2000; and the North-east Gasoline Supply Reserve was cre-ated by President Obama and Energy Secretary Moniz in the wake of Hurri-cane Sandy, using authorities provided to the Secretary in section 171 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. President Trump has proposed elimi-nating the Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve, and I think that is a mistake. I remain committed to authorizing the existing gasoline reserve in statute, and I am convinced that regional re-serves are a critical component of any SPR modernization effort. Madam Speaker, I believe other re-gions should benefit, or could benefit greatly, from having a refined product reserve. This is particularly true for the Southeast, which is extremely sup-ply constrained. A Southeast regional reserve could provide relief and flexi-bility in the event of a natural disaster in the region itself or in the Gulf States that supply the Southeast re-gion with refined product. Now, expanding the number of re-gional reserves is something that we must do in the future, but I believe this legislation is a good step forward on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.036 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8794 September 25, 2018 
the road to SPR modernization, and so I do urge my colleagues to support this bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I have been in Con-gress for 34 years. I am about to retire at the end of this session. I have been on the House floor with many tumul-tuous battles. I have watched the fight over the Keystone pipeline, drilling in ANWR up in Alaska. My good friend, Senator M
ARKEY of Massachusetts, when he was in the House, would come to the floor with his chart, an oil well drilling into the Social Security trust fund. It is refreshing, Madam Speaker, to be on the floor today in the spirit of bi-partisanship where we are all for some-thing which I think really is good for the American people, good for the tax-payer, and good for the consumer. This is on suspension, so, obviously, we have to have a huge vote. I hope we get it. It looks like we will since we don’t have any other speakers. I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, Madam Speaker. Let’s do something good for America. Let’s vote for this bill. Please vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 6511 when the vote is called. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6511, the Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act. This bill is another prod-uct of the Energy and Commerce Committee’s ongoing and bipartisan work to modernize the Department of Energy. The Committee’s DOE modernization efforts are focused on ensuring the Department can more ably address current and future domestic and international energy and security chal-lenges. These challenges range from main-taining nuclear safety and security to pro-tecting the reliable supply and delivery of en-ergy, and they require a DOE that has the ap-propriate organization, management focus, and authorities to succeed. H.R. 6511 was developed by Vice Chairman B
ARTON and Ranking Member R USH to mod- ernize the forty-year-old Strategic Petroleum Reserve, so it’s prepared to protect our Nation from energy disruptions in the decades ahead. H.R. 6511 authorizes DOE to lease under-utilized storage capacity, which will become available in increasing amounts as DOE con-ducts mandated drawdowns over the next sev-eral years. Rather than have DOE maintain empty caverns at considerable taxpayer ex-pense, H.R. 6511 will allow DOE to develop the spare capacity, attracting much needed capital investments for additional improve-ments. H.R. 6511 will preserve the SPR’s ex-isting capacity, generate revenue for upgrades and maintenance, and improve the operational readiness of the entire SPR complex. H.R. 6511 is truly a win-win, and a perfect example of our bipartisan DOE modernization effort. I especially want to thank Mr. B
ARTON for his work on this bill. He has been at the fore-front of so many defining moments relating to energy security. From his leadership as Chair-man of the Energy and Commerce Committee during passage of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, to his tireless efforts to repeal the ban on crude oil exports, his work on this bill con-tributes to the great legacy he leaves behind at the Energy and Commerce Committee— and in the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 6511. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BAR-
TON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6511, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REAUTHORIZING WEST VALLEY DEMONSTRATION PROJECT Mr. M
CKINLEY. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2389) to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2389 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WEST VALLEY DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 3(a) of the West Valley Demonstration Project Act (Public Law 96–368; 42 U.S.C. 2021a note) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1981’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2025’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report that describes— (1) the volumes, origins, and types of radio-active waste at the Western New York Serv-ice Center in West Valley, New York; (2) what options have been identified for disposal of each such type of radioactive waste; (3) what is known about the costs of, and timeframes for, each such option; (4) the benefits and challenges of each such option, according to the State of New York and the Department of Energy; and (5) as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) how much has been spent on the dis-posal of radioactive waste associated with the demonstration project prescribed by sec-tion 2(a) of the West Valley Demonstration Project Act; and (B) what volumes and types of radioactive waste have been disposed of from the West-ern New York Service Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from West Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. MCKINLEY. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, H.R. 2389 is a bill to reauthorize the West Valley dem-onstration project, which was intro-duced in May of 2017 by our New York colleague, T
OMREED. The bipartisan legislation moved through the Energy and Commerce Committee by regular order, including legislative hearings and markups, as part of our broad nuclear waste man-agement agenda. It was reported to the full committee, with a bipartisan amendment, by a voice vote. Let me thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Environ-ment, Mr. T
ONKO , for working closely with us on this legislation. H.R. 2389, as amended, authorizes ap-propriations to support the Depart-ment of Energy’s environmental reme-diation at its West Valley cleanup site in New York through 2025. It also di-rects a study to help Congress deter-mine the final disposition of the radio-active waste that DOE is cleaning up at the site. H.R. 2389 also continues the work of this Congress to address the Federal Government’s obligation for treatment and disposal of the legacy waste pro-duced during the Cold War and through the Federal Government’s early efforts to develop a civilian nuclear energy in-dustry. The Department of Energy has suc-cessfully remediated 92 sites of this waste, but the most technologically challenging projects remain in place at 17 locations, one of which is the West Valley site. In 1980, Congress passed the West Valley demonstration project to direct DOE to address legacy environmental issues and authorized the appropria-tions, however, only through fiscal year 1981. The project has not been re-authorized since that time, despite Congress funding DOE’s work at the site for the past 37 years. H.R. 2389 cor-rects this situation and provides a path to answering important questions con-cerning waste disposition and ensures spending at the site is subject to an ac-tive authorization. I urge all Members to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2389, which reauthorizes the West Valley demonstration project. The Western New York Service Cen-ter in West Valley, New York, has a unique history. The site is owned by New York State, but from 1966 to 1972 it was operated by a private business to reprocess spent nuclear fuel primarily provided by the Federal Government. Those reprocessing activities ended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.038 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8795 September 25, 2018 
decades ago, but high-level and trans-uranic waste continued to be stored at the site. b1600 While a cost-sharing agreement be-tween New York State and the Depart-ment of Energy has been resolved for the site’s remediation, the ultimate disposal of the waste remains a point of contention. There have been ongoing disputes and legislative actions span-ning from the 1980s through today, with DOE and New York State con-tinuing to disagree over who should be responsible for paying for waste dis-posal. This disagreement has major consequences for how the waste can be disposed of and who will be responsible for covering the disposal costs. H.R. 2389 would require a report by the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, to help clarify the origins of and disposal pathways for the waste, including cost estimates. The bill also reauthorizes the West Valley dem-onstration project at $75 million annu-ally for 7 years, and this funding level is identical to the amount appropriated in fiscal year 2018 and will help ensure the cleanup continues on schedule. While this bill does not settle the decades-old dispute between New York and DOE, it takes positive steps to-wards the site’s remediation and at-tempts to move the ball forward to en-sure that wastes are disposed of prop-erly. Madam Speaker, I want to thank Representative T
ONKO , the ranking member of the committee’s Environ-ment Subcommittee, for his work on this bill, and commend both him and the bill’s sponsor for their efforts. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED). Mr. REED. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the pending legislation before our body. Madam Speaker, I would like to take a moment to thank the gentleman from West Virginia as well as my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle for their support and their articulation of the legislation and the need for this legislation. I would, in particular, like to thank my good colleague P
AUL T
ONKO from New York, on the other side of the aisle, for working with us in a bipartisan way to get this legislation to reauthorize the West Valley Nuclear Site Reauthorization Act into law. Madam Speaker, this legislation will provide clarity, additional steps that we can take, and give clarity to our area of New York that is impacted by this nuclear waste site, the folks who are working there on a day-in, day-out basis. I have been to this site, Madam Speaker, multiple times. I have met with the managers of this site; I have met with the employees of this site; and they have worked tirelessly over the years to clean up this nuclear waste and this threat to our environ-ment and to our communities, and I applaud their efforts. Madam Speaker, I can attest to, firsthand, seeing the fruits of the work that have been done over the years that they have tended to West Valley and the surrounding community in order to address the threat from nu-clear waste that exists there. As we go forward, many years are still ahead of us in regard to the efforts to clean up that nuclear waste legacy that is located in our district in West Valley, New York. This legislation will give us clarity as to a future path that will be followed in order for us to con-tinue the successful work there. Madam Speaker, I encourage all Members to join us in supporting this legislation that will do great work to make sure that our environment is pro-tected and that the legacy obligations of us as a government are attended to for a local community that is dealing with this issue. Madam Speaker, to the Department of Energy and all the folks who work there, we say thank you. I would like to thank, in particular, not only the Energy and Commerce Committee members, their staffs, but also the folks in our local community, such as Town of Ashford Supervisor Charles Davis and the local citizens task force that spent hours, upon days, upon years attending to this issue in their unwavering support in standing with us as we move forward on this leg-islation. Madam Speaker, to West Valley Dep-uty General Manager Scott Anderson: Keep up the good work, and together we will clean up this site once and for all. Madam Speaker, I ask all my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I would just ask support from my col-leagues to pass this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCKINLEY. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2389, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PATIENT RIGHT TO KNOW DRUG PRICES ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2554) to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2554 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-FORMATION ON DRUG PRICES. 
Subpart II of part A of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–11 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2729. INFORMATION ON PRESCRIPTION DRUGS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A group health plan or a health insurance issuer offering group or in-dividual health insurance coverage shall— ‘‘(1) not restrict, directly or indirectly, any pharmacy that dispenses a prescription drug to an enrollee in the plan or coverage from informing (or penalize such pharmacy for in-forming) an enrollee of any differential be-tween the enrollee’s out-of-pocket cost under the plan or coverage with respect to acquisi-tion of the drug and the amount an indi-vidual would pay for acquisition of the drug without using any health plan or health in-surance coverage; and ‘‘(2) ensure that any entity that provides pharmacy benefits management services under a contract with any such health plan or health insurance coverage does not, with respect to such plan or coverage, restrict, di-rectly or indirectly, a pharmacy that dis-penses a prescription drug from informing (or penalize such pharmacy for informing) an enrollee of any differential between the en-rollee’s out-of-pocket cost under the plan or coverage with respect to acquisition of the drug and the amount an individual would pay for acquisition of the drug without using any health plan or health insurance cov-erage. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘out-of-pocket cost’, with re-spect to acquisition of a drug, means the amount to be paid by the enrollee under the plan or coverage, including any cost-sharing (including any deductible, copayment, or co-insurance) and, as determined by the Sec-retary, any other expenditure.’’. 
SEC. 3. MODERNIZING THE REPORTING OF BIO-LOGICAL AND BIOSIMILAR PROD-UCTS. 
Subtitle B of title XI of the Medicare Pre-scription Drug, Improvement, and Mod-ernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–173) is amended— (1) in section 1111— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (11), re-spectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) B
IOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT .—The term ‘biosimilar biological product’ means a biological product for which an application under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act is approved. ‘‘(4) B
IOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT APPLI -
CANT .—The term ‘biosimilar biological prod-uct applicant’ means a person who has filed or received approval for a biosimilar biologi-cal product under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(5) B
IOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT APPLI -
CATION .—The term ‘biosimilar biological product application’ means an application for licensure of a biological product under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act.’’; (C) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, or a biological product for which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H25SE8.REC H25SE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8796 September 25, 2018 
an application is approved under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act’’ be-fore the period; (D) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or a reference product in a biosimilar biological product application’’ after ‘‘ANDA’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act’’ before the period; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) R
EFERENCE PRODUCT .—The term ‘ref-erence product’ means a brand name drug for which a license is in effect under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act.’’; (2) in section 1112— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or a biosimilar biological product applicant who has submitted a bio-similar biological product application for which a statement under section 351(l)(3)(B)(ii)(I) of the Public Health Service Act has been provided’’ after ‘‘Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘or the biosimilar biologi-cal product that is the subject of the bio-similar biological product application, as ap-plicable’’ after ‘‘the ANDA’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or a biosimilar biological product applicant’’ after ‘‘generic drug appli-cant’’; (II) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘marketing’’ and inserting ‘‘marketing,’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘or the reference product in the biosimilar biological product applica-tion’’ before ‘‘involved’’; (III) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or of the biosimilar biological product for which the biosimilar biological product ap-plication was submitted’’ after ‘‘submitted’’; and (IV) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) as applicable— ‘‘(i) the 180-day period referred to in sec-tion 505(j)(5)(B)(iv) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act as it applies to such ANDA or to any other ANDA based on the same brand name drug; or ‘‘(ii) the 1-year period referred to in section 351(k)(6)(A) of the Public Health Service Act as it applies to such biosimilar biological product application or to any other bio-similar biological product application based on the same brand name drug.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) G
ENERIC DRUGS .—A generic drug appli-cant that has submitted an ANDA con-taining a certification under section 505(j)(2)(A)(vii)(IV) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to a listed drug and another generic drug appli-cant that has submitted an ANDA con-taining such a certification for the same list-ed drug shall each file the agreement in ac-cordance with subsection (c). The agreement shall be filed prior to the date of the first commercial marketing of either of the ge-neric drugs for which such ANDAs were sub-mitted. ‘‘(B) B
IOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS .—A biosimilar biological product applicant that has submitted a biosimilar biological prod-uct application for which a statement under section 351(l)(3)(B)(ii)(I) of the Public Health Service Act has been provided with respect to a reference product and another bio-similar biological product applicant that has submitted a biosimilar biological product ap-plication for which such a statement for the same reference product has been provided shall each file the agreement in accordance with subsection (c). The agreement shall be filed prior to the date of the first commer-cial marketing of either of the biosimilar bi-ological products for which such biosimilar biological product applications were sub-mitted.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘between two generic drug applicants is an agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘is, as applicable, an agreement between 2 generic drug applicants’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, or an agreement be-tween 2 biosimilar biological product appli-cants regarding the 1-year period referred to in section 351(k)(6)(A) of the Public Health Service Act as it applies to the biosimilar bi-ological product applications with which the agreement is concerned’’ before the period; (3) in section 1115, by striking ‘‘or generic drug applicant’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘, generic drug appli-cant, or biosimilar biological product appli-cant’’; and (4) in section 1117, by striking ‘‘, or any agreement between generic drug applicants’’ and inserting ‘‘or a biosimilar biological product applicant, any agreement between generic drug applicants, or any agreement between biosimilar biological product appli-cants’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, as the only phar-macist in Congress and a practicing pharmacist for over 30 years, this issue of an industry forcing the American people at the pharmacy counter hits incredibly close to home for me. Pharmacy benefit managers, also known as PBMs, have put forth restric-tions that debase the drug supply chain in the United States. PBMs have existed for decades, but they have grown through mergers and acquisitions to be the middlemen for much drug coverage on formularies. The hope was that PBMs would re-duce administrative burdens and be able to negotiate drug prices, yet here we are today voting on two bills to stop them from intentionally defraud-ing patients. It is unfortunate that we have even reached the point where there needs to be a law passed that pro-hibits this type of behavior. I appreciate that we are here today voting to sign these two Senate bills banning gag clauses into law; however, I think these bills could go further. My bill, the Prescription Trans-parency Act, which was introduced ear-lier this year, deemed any contract containing gag clauses null and void. Furthermore, it applied to every single insured patient. And it not only en-sured that patients were notified of the lowest price, but also of any less expen-sive generic equivalents that might be available to the patient. My other piece of legislation, the Know the Cost Act, not only bans gag clauses in prescription drug plans for Medicare Advantage, Medicare part D, and individual and group insurance plans, but also informs beneficiaries about the consequences of paying out of pocket. My bill received letters of support from the American Medical Associa-tion, the American Psychiatric Asso-ciation, the Global Healthy Living Foundation, the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, and Rite Aid, a clearly diverse group of stakeholders all hoping to lower the price of pre-scription drugs. States around the country have taken action to address gag clauses, with over 20 States having banned them and countless more considering it. While we have worked through these bills, we have seen the wide-ranging impact it has had. We have even heard in a committee hearing from col-leagues like Congresswoman DINGELL , who was initially told that her pre-scription would be $1,300 but then talked to her pharmacist and got an equivalent for $40. I want to repeat that. We have even heard in a committee hearing from colleagues like Congress-woman D
INGELL , who was initially told that her prescription would be $1,300 but then talked to her pharmacist and got an equivalent for $40. The discrepancy in costs should real-ly be a wake-up call for how formularies are being impacted. Let’s get this legislation passed so we can take on the other issues in this space. While I am pleased that we are tak-ing these important steps toward rein-ing in PBMs and drug costs, I think there is still far more work ahead. Again, Madam Speaker, I want to thank you for including these bills on the legislative calendar for today. I sincerely hope that you take the re-sounding national support for banning gag clauses in consideration in the fu-ture and allow patients to regain con-trol of their medical decisions back from multibillion-dollar middlemen. Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act and the next bill we will be considering, the Know the Lowest Price Act. These two bills are the prod-uct of bipartisan efforts in the Energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.047 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8797 September 25, 2018 
and Commerce Committee to ban so- called gag clauses, which prevent phar-macists from providing consumers in-formation about cheaper prescription drug options. I did want to mention I see that my colleague, Mr. D
OGGETT from Texas, is here, and the Senate bills being consid-ered today are companion legislation to a House bill that Congressman D
OG-
GETT introduced with 32 colleagues ear-lier this year. Specifically, gag clauses are contrac-tual provisions that can limit phar-macists from informing consumers that their prescriptions may be pur-chased for a lower price if paid out of pocket instead of through their insur-ance plan. These bills increase con-sumer transparency and may help some consumers who get their insurance through the private market or through Medicare save money. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank, again, Congressman D
OGGETT  and Mr. W
ELCH , also from our com-mittee, for their long-time leadership on this issue. I see also that Mr. S
AR-
BANES is here, who has also been in-volved in this legislation in a major way. I am glad to see we are voting on these policies today. The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act also includes an important provision that ensures biologic and bio-similar drug manufacturers are re-quired to inform the Federal Trade Commission of potentially anti-competitive agreements that may delay lower cost drugs from entering the market in the same manner that brand and generic drug manufacturers do today. This notification will allow the FTC to challenge any ‘‘pay for delay’’ agreements in court. Madam Speaker, the language in-cluded in this bill is based on legisla-tion introduced by Congressmen S
AR-
BANES and J OHNSON , and I thank them for their leadership on this important issue. Now, I must say, Madam Speaker, while I believe both bills are common-sense measures that we should all sup-port, I also strongly believe that this cannot and should not be Congress’ only effort to reduce drug prices. When I am home—and we have been home a lot, as you know, over the last couple of months—one of the number one issues that people are concerned about is the high cost of prescription drugs. We need to address that. I per-sonally believe we should be negoti-ating the prices of drugs under Medi-care, but there are many other meas-ures, including encouraging more generics, that could accomplish the goal of trying to reduce drug prices. These bills do nothing to address the biggest drivers of high drug costs in this country, namely, the high list prices set by drug companies for brand-ed drugs. So we must address overall drug affordability, which these bills do not, but I continue to urge my col-leagues to work together to find solu-tions that can actually lower drug prices in a meaningful way. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the honorable chairman of the full Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the two bills that will bring some much-needed transparency into the drug supply chain process, and they will help patients afford the medi-cines that they really need. The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, sponsored by Senator S
USAN COLLINS , and the Know the Low-est Price Act of 2018, sponsored by Sen-ator D
EBBIE STABENOW , will, together, ban gag classes from Medicare and pri-vate insurance. These clauses restrict a pharmacist’s ability to inform a patient that their drug would be cheaper if they paid out of pocket than if they paid through their insurance. And while there is al-ready a regulation banning this prac-tice in Medicare part D, this legisla-tion will end the practice across Medi-care Advantage prescription drug plans, Medicare part D, and group and individual insurance plans. These two bills mirror legislation au-thored by Representative B
UDDY CAR-
TER, who is carrying this legislation for the majority on the floor today. He is a very valuable member of our House Energy and Commerce Committee. And, by the way, he is the only phar-macist in the Congress, so he under-stands this from a very personal per-spective from behind the counter. He was joined in this effort by Rep-resentatives W
ELCH and C ATHY MCMOR-
RIS RODGERS , A NNA ESHOO , M ORGAN  G
RIFFITH , D EBBIE DINGELL , G ENE G
REEN , and our chairman of the Sub-committee on Health, Dr. M
ICHAEL  B
URGESS . I think all of us on the committee are very supportive of this effort. We, in fact, moved this bill, Madam Speak-er, as you know, as an important part of our committee earlier this month, and it did pass unanimously. So I com-mend Mr. C
ARTER for his good work on this issue. I first heard about the gag clause issue from a pharmacist in Grants Pass, Oregon, named Michele. That is in my district. She is an independent pharmacist. We were talking about a lot of these issues, about how we get drug prices down for consumers, and she told me that as a pharmacist, she was prevented, precluded under certain insurance contracts, from telling a pa-tient that their cash price would be cheaper than going through their in-surance. Can you imagine such a thing in America? Michele told me that she once even received a cease and desist letter for trying to help a child with a terminal illness access his medication—simply unacceptable, period. b1615 Madam Speaker, I am glad we are taking concrete action today to ad-dress this important issue. And as we have heard already, these bills are coming over from the Senate. We had them in the House, marked them up in committee, and did our work. At the end of the day, I decided the important thing was not who had which bill. It was, how do we help consumers the quickest. Taking the Senate bills, getting them down to the President’s desk with the support of our colleagues who worked so hard in the House seemed like the best path. It is about putting consumers first. That is what we have done on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I encourage our col-leagues in the House to support this legislative effort. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, un-fortunately, there is just no wonder drug that will cure prescription price gouging. And with many prices for drugs rising at 10 times the rate of in-flation, and with an unaffordable drug being 100 percent ineffective for the many that cannot afford it, many Americans are really desperate. In this Congress, we have another lost year of failing to address prescrip-tion price gouging. Now, on election eve, we take this miniscule step for-ward. A few of the many consumers who have been scrimping to get their medications, could at least find out if by paying cash, they can get a par-ticular prescription at a lower price. No longer will gag provisions deny pharmacists the right to counsel about this issue. After learning about this problem about two years ago, I consulted with experts, with patient advocates, with pharmacists about these clauses, and asked the CMS, the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services to prevent this administratively, which they could have done, but they failed to do so. Finally, months ago this year, I filed two bills as companion legislation to the measures we are considering today by Senators C
OLLINS and S TABENOW , and was joined by 32 Members of the other house in supporting and spon-soring those measures. This Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, the House version of it, was endorsed back in June by the National Community Pharmacists Association, thereafter, by the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, and by the Amer-ican Psychiatric Association. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD their letters of support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.044 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8798 September 25, 2018 
NATIONAL COMMUNITY  P
HARMACISTS ASSOCIATION , June 28, 2018. Re National Community Pharmacists Asso-ciation (NCPA) Support of H.R. 6143 & 6144. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE DOGGETT : The Na- tional Community Pharmacists Association (NCPA) is writing today in strong support of the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act and the Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018, H.R. 6143 and 6144, two bills that would ban provisions in contracts between pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) and pharmacies (so called ‘‘gag clauses’’) that prohibit phar-macists from being able to inform patients of cheaper alternatives for their medication. NCPA represents the interests of Amer-ica’s community pharmacists, including the owners of more than 22,000 independent com-munity pharmacies. Together, they rep-resent an $80 billion health care marketplace and employ more than 250,000 individuals on a full or part-time basis. ‘‘Gag clauses’’ refer to contract provisions and/or requirements embedded in lengthy provider manuals that include overly broad confidentiality requirements, and non-dis-paragement clauses, as well as requirements that pharmacies charge insured patients what the PBM says at point of sale, leaving pharmacies with little to no ability to in-form patients of actual drug costs. Such pro-visions have the effect of chilling a range of pharmacist communications with patients and others for fear of retaliation by the PBM. NCPA strongly supports passage of the Pa-tient Right to Know Drug Prices Act and the Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018 to help ensure that patients are not being charged inflated prices for their drugs. Thank you for your leadership in addressing this issue, and we look forward to working with you to ad-vance these pieces of legislation. Sincerely, K
ARRY K. L AVIOLETTE , Senior Vice President of Government Affairs & Director of the Advocacy Center. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  C
HAIN DRUGSTORES , Arlington, VA, July 16, 2018. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE DOGGETT : The Na- tional Association of Chain Drug Stores (NACDS) is pleased to support your legisla-tion, the Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018 (H.R. 6144), to prohibit PDP sponsors, Medi-care Advantage Organizations, and phar-macy benefit managers (PBMS) from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. NACDS believe gag clauses should not be allowed in contracts between health plans and pharmacies. Such clauses prevent phar-macists from informing patients when a medication can be purchased at a lower price without using insurance. The prohibition and/or removal of gag clauses in contracts between Part D plans, Medicare Advantage plans, PBMs, and pharmacies will enhance patient access to medications, enable phar-macists to have improved relationships with patients, and keep healthcare costs for pa-tients to a minimum. Pharmacies are the face of neighborhood healthcare and are a highly trusted source of healthcare information, products, and serv-ices. Your legislation helps ensure that Medicare beneficiaries can continue to trust their local pharmacies for accurate and help-ful information regarding their prescription drug costs. Again, we appreciate your leadership on this critically important healthcare issue. Sincerely, TOMO’DONNELL , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs and Public Policy. 
AUGUST 16, 2018. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE DOGGETT : On behalf of the American Psychiatric Association (APA), the national medical specialty asso-ciation representing more than 37,800 psy-chiatric physicians, I write in support of your bill H.R. 6143, the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act. H.R. 6143 seeks to en-hance transparency in the pricing of pre-scription drugs by forbidding insurers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) from im-posing ‘‘gag clauses’’ in their contracts with pharmacies. These clauses forbid pharmacies from disclosing to patients the difference be-tween the amount of the drug’s copay under their insurance plan and the amount they would pay for the drug without using their insurance. As providers, we are deeply con-cerned about the barriers these clauses im-pose on a patient’s access to affordable medi-cations. Federal preemption of these clauses is among the proposals included in President Trump’s blueprint to lower drug prices and reduce out-of-pocket costs for patients. As you know, the list prices for prescrip-tion drugs continue to rise. PBMs seek to lower those prices by negotiating discounts directly with drug manufacturers. However, the amount of these discounts may result in an insurance plan’s copay for a drug exceed-ing the actual cost of purchasing the drug out-of-pocket because the copay is typically calculated based on factors other than the actual price of the drug. Unfortunately, be-cause the amount of these discounts is not publicly available, consumers do not know when their insurance plan copay is higher than the actual price of the drug and often assume that their copay represents only a portion of the best possible price of the drug. According to a recent study of 2013 drug pricing and payment data, consumers over-paid for their prescription drugs by $135 mil-lion. Almost a quarter (23%) of all prescrip-tions filled in 2013 involved a patient copay-ment that exceeded the average price of the drug by more than $2.00. Prescriptions for drugs commonly used to treat mental health disorders are prone to this overpayment phe-nomenon. The medications cited as having the highest frequency of overpaid prescrip-tions include drugs commonly used to treat insomnia, depression, and some side effects of psychiatric medications. Thank you for your ongoing commitment to finding bipartisan ways to enhance trans-parency in the prices consumers pay for their health care. Accordingly, we welcome an opportunity to aid your efforts to advance H.R. 6143, the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act from the Energy & Commerce Committee. Sincerely, S
AULLEVIN, MD, MPA, FRCP–E, CEO and Medical Director, American Psychiatric Association. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, I am pleased that finally our House Re-publican colleagues have agreed to ap-prove this proposal today. With fami-lies nationwide concerned about soar-ing drug prices, this legislation would end a restrictive, anticompetitive, and anticonsumer provision for those who rely on ObamaCare in the marketplace and for group employer ERISA plans. I must note, however, that of all the many bills I have either introduced or supported from other colleagues deal-ing with excessive medication costs, this is the most narrow of the pro-posals out of all of them. Instead of really saving lives, some may view this as simply a life pre-server for those who have ignored pre-scription price gouging for the past two years. Approving this modest, narrow bill is not a substitute for tackling the pervasive problem of prescription price gouging. Pharmacists are not the only ones who are, apparently, gagged. Right here in this Congress, some seem to be unable to find their voice and vote for real reform that would lower drug prices when we are outnumbered by two pharmaceutical lobbyists for every Member of this House of Representa-tives. Repeated attempts to pass measures that would lower prices have been blocked. Republicans even blocked my amendment to the opioid legislation to authorize the Trump administration to negotiate the price of naloxone, the lifesaving opioid overdose reversal drug whose prices soared by 700 percent. During the past week, Big Pharma, with considerable help from the Repub-lican majority leader, sought to hitch a ride on this very same opioid legisla-tion to get an unrelated $4 billion gift. It is enough to make you gag. Hope-fully, we have got that stopped. Passage of this bill today is one mod-est step that we can take, but so much more is needed. That this bill even counts as progress, demonstrates how far we have to go. And while this bill brings some transparency to the phar-macy counter, the transparency which is most needed is comprehensive legis-lation like the Transparency Drug Pricing Act that I have introduced, to shed some light on where the prices get set. And that is by the manufacturer who hides the whole process through discounts, rebates, and fees. Now, we all know that President Trump solved the problem with his Rose Garden press conference early in the summer when he announced that prices are going down. But I have yet to find anybody who has benefited from that announcement. And, in fact, the Associated Press just analyzed drug prices since that announcement and they couldn’t find any company that had made any significant reduction on prices. And when questioning the executives of 24 large drug companies, the AP didn’t find a single one committed to cutting prices. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, the attitude was best captured by one pharmaceutical executive who within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.048 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8799 September 25, 2018 
the last month said that he had a, ‘‘moral requirement . . . to sell the product for the highest price.’’ Today’s two minor prescription drugs bills are being passed in this process that is called ‘‘suspension.’’ But let’s not create any further suspense for families that are in need on their healthcare costs. Let’s approve real, comprehensive prescription drug pric-ing reform in a new Congress that is not indifferent to the needs of Amer-ican healthcare consumers. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ). Mr. SARBANES. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, an important bill that will ensure consumers can get the lowest price for their drugs. This bill is also aligned with the bi-partisan Biosimilars Competition Act, a bill that I introduced that will shine a light on secret agreements called pay-for-delay deals. Pay-for-delay deals are great deals for the drug companies, but they are bad deals for consumers. Pay-for-delay refers to a practice where brand-name drug or biologic manufacturers make agreements with competing manufacturers to keep their lower-cost drugs off the market in ex-change for a settlement. Brand-name drugs often have exorbi-tant costs compared to their generic counterparts. Although they make up approximately—listen to the statis-tics—although they make up approxi-mately 10 percent of all drugs dis-pensed in America, brand-name drugs make up 72 percent of U.S. drug spend-ing. A 2013 FTC report estimates that these pay-for-delay agreements cost consumers $3.5 billion each year. FTC currently has the authority— and this is good—to review agreements like these between conventional drug manufacturers. But this authority does not extend to the manufacturers of bio-logic and biosimilar drugs, which are new, cutting-edge drugs that are often extremely expensive. This means that right now, we have no way of knowing how many of these backroom deals occur between manu-facturers of biologic and biosimilar drugs. That is why I introduced the Biosimilars Competition Act, a bipar-tisan bill, which would combat these agreements that keep drug prices high and have the effect of harming pa-tients. These provisions would require man-ufacturers of biologics and biosimilar drugs to report pay-for-delay agree-ments and file them with the FTC and the Department of Justice for review of antitrust and anticompetitive behav-ior. Granting the FTC the authority to monitor these deals and punish bad ac-tors, will deter many of these back-room deals from being made in the first place, and will help crack down on un-fair deals that give millions of dollars to big pharmaceutical companies, while forcing American consumers to pay more for lifesaving drugs. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support these new require-ments because they are good for con-sumers. They will increase trans-parency in drug pricing, and add more competition to the drug market, both of which will help lower drug costs at the pharmacy. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, let me just say these are commonsense initiatives that help address the drug pricing issue. As I have said before, we still need to do a lot more, and we haven’t this Congress. But I do agree that these bills will be helpful in that regard. Madam Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and I want to assure them that this is only the beginning of what we intend to do and what I intend to do to help to lower prescription drug prices here in America. Madam Speaker, I want to thank also my colleagues on this side of the aisle for all of their help. I ask for support of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2554. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KNOW THE LOWEST PRICE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2553) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from in-forming individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2553 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-FORMATION ON DRUG PRICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–4 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-
FORMATION ON DRUGPRICES .—A PDP sponsor and a Medicare Advantage organization shall ensure that each prescription drug plan or MA–PD plan offered by the sponsor or orga-nization does not restrict a pharmacy that dispenses a prescription drug or biological from informing, nor penalize such pharmacy for informing, an enrollee in such plan of any differential between the negotiated price of, or copayment or coinsurance for, the drug or biological to the enrollee under the plan and a lower price the individual would pay for the drug or biological if the enrollee ob-tained the drug without using any health in-surance coverage.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2553, the Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018. This bill would prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers under Medicare or Medicare Advantage from restricting pharmacies from in-forming individuals about prices for certain drugs and biologics at the phar-macy counter, a practice commonly re-ferred to as a gag clause. These clauses prohibit pharmacists from informing patients that paying in cash will result in lower out-of-pocket costs than the insurer’s cost-sharing arrangement unless the patient di-rectly asks. This is a policy that the Energy and Commerce Committee has pursued in H.R. 6733, the Know the Cost Act of 2018. We held a legislative hear-ing and a markup in the Health Sub-committee before ultimately passing the bill out of the full committee. Once again, I want to commend Rep-resentative B
UDDY CARTER for cham-pioning this policy. His bill would have banned gag clauses in group and com-mercial health insurance plans, as well as for prescription drug plan sponsors for Medicare part D, or Medicare Ad-vantage plans. As an original cosponsor of H.R. 6733, I believe these bills banning gag clauses are essential in both lowering drug costs for individuals and freeing pharmacists to do what many consider to be the right thing. I am surprised Congress has not acted sooner to ban health insurance plans from using gag clauses. I am glad to see these bills on the House floor today. This will allow pharmacists to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.051 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8800 September 25, 2018 
look out for their patients’ pocket-books and help them get their medica-tions at the lowest possible price. This bipartisan policy has been a shared priority for many Members on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Our Senate counterparts had a shared interest in this sound and reasonable policy, and recently advanced it out of their Chamber. The issue of gag clauses was further brought up to the forefront by the Trump administration’s drug pricing blueprint which was released this May. The President proposed eliminating gag clauses as a solution in his plan to address rising drug prices. b1630 I, too, believe that allowing phar-macists to disclose the cost-saving po-tential of paying out-of-pocket to pa-tients at the point of sale is an impor-tant piece of the drug pricing puzzle. While gag clauses are already prohib-ited in Medicare through regulation, it makes sense that we protect our sen-iors by putting this language in statute and sending S. 2553 to the President’s desk. This legislation should serve as an example of how the House and the Sen-ate can work together to accomplish a goal to swiftly pass and send to the President for his signature. There have been news stories across the country from the New York Times—two investigations in my mar-ket—and CBS 11 in the Dallas-Fort Worth area about how consumers can save money at the pharmacy counter by getting around gag clauses and di-rectly asking their pharmacist: Is this cheaper for me to pay cash and not use my insurance? Kelly Selby, a community phar-macist and pharmacy owner in north Texas, has told me about the problems that gag clauses cause at his own phar-macy. He says that a gag clause has a chilling effect as a pharmacy owner and a pharmacist, and that the phar-macy benefit managers will call you after you break a gag clause and threaten you with canceling their con-tract. Even if pharmacists have what is in the best interest to their customers at heart, Mr. Selby told me that, over-night, he could lose 40 percent of his business, taken away by the power of pharmacy benefit managers. It is unfair for pharmacists across our country like Kelly to have to choose between hiding useful cost in-formation from their patients and los-ing their other contacts. Eliminating gag clauses is an inte-gral part of driving down healthcare costs and prescription drug prices, an issue that hits home with each and every one of our constituents. It may not solve the entire drug pricing di-lemma, but it is an essential piece. When this bill becomes law, it will make a real difference in the lives of patients across the country. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 2553, and I urge fellow Members to support this legislation. Let’s send it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I already spoke in sup-port of both this bill, S. 2553, and the previous one, S. 2554, so, at this time, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OG-
GETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I continue to hear from neighbors in my part of Texas and be-yond who are unable to afford their prescription drugs, lifesaving drugs. They are cutting back on necessities, cutting pills in half, or cutting into what little savings they may have. After seeking administrative action to address this gag order problem with no success, I introduced with Senators S
TABENOW and C OLLINS here in the House, along with 32 colleagues, a House bill to do what their measures do today. Despite repeated requests, the House Ways and Means Committee, which en-joys jurisdiction over this matter as a Medicare bill, along with the Com-merce Committee, declined to consider them. This particular bill that we are con-sidering now will allow those Medicare beneficiaries, seniors and individuals with disabilities, to turn to a profes-sional pharmacist to learn if there is information available that, on a par-ticular drug, they might be able to get a less expensive alternative by paying cash. While pleased that this modest Know the Lowest Price bill will become law, we have had too much aiming low and shooting low in this Congress that has really been indifferent to the overall plight of seniors burdened with exorbi-tant prescription drug costs. What a low bar that has been set. Pa-tients want real change on this matter. Yet, we do the least possible to address this problem. We take baby steps when bold steps are required. To borrow from Mark Twain, I believe seniors can rec-ognize the difference between lightning and a lightning bug, like we are getting today. While this may enable some to learn the lowest available price, I believe what we need to find out about is the highest price that is being extorted in too many cases. The sky seems to be the limit. Whatever can be obtained from someone who is sick or dying seems to be the price point. We may be able to cure some cancers and diseases—we want to encourage a price that will encourage continued in-novation—but it need not come at the levels that are being charged too many people today only because this Con-gress is unwilling to curb the govern-ment monopoly that it has granted. Pharmaceutical pricing is a tangled knot. There is no one panacea. Every step forward is a good step forward. I formed a House Prescription Drug Task Force three years ago to begin to look at administrative and legislative steps in how we encourage innovation without being exploited by monopoly prices. I think there is much more we can do, much more for someone like Bob from San Antonio, who has suffered from crippling arthritis for decades. He has seen the prescription that he relies on skyrocket from about $200 a year to $22,000 in co-payments annually. He fi-nally had to switch to a less expensive drug and lives with the fear that it will not adequately cover his pain, even though it has become too painful to af-ford it. Patients like Bob need much more than modest bills. We need a Congress that does not repeatedly cave in to the Big Pharma lobbyists. What is hap-pening this week, this very week, is yet another reminder of the choice that has been made between a special inter-est and the needs of seniors. With the active assistance of the Ma-jority Leader, Big Pharma tried to ex-ploit bipartisan opioid legislation and further burden patients with a provi-sion undoing what had been a bipar-tisan agreement that helped plug the so-called donut hole and lowered pa-tients’ out-of-pocket drug spending in Medicare. Pharma’s plan would save them $4 billion, but the costs would have been shifted either to our seniors and indi-viduals with disabilities directly or through the premiums that they pay. Unable to defend this heist on its merits of flawed and misleading adver-tisements, and a hoard of lobbyists who have been here to try to get that $4 bil-lion, I hope that we have it stopped. Hopefully, in fact—speak of hope—in a new Congress, we can see some action on what really might make a dif-ference, and that is the ability of Medi-care to negotiate for our seniors to get lower prices in much the same way the Veterans Administration does for our veterans. I have introduced, along with almost 90 sponsors, the Medicare Negotiation and Competitive Licensing Act to har-ness the purchasing power of the gov-ernment through the Health and Human Services Secretary. If negotia-tions fail, the Secretary would use good old American competition to lower them, bringing in generics, bid-ding, and competition, a real American way to solve what is a serious Amer-ican problem. Patients should not have to fight their insurer or a drug company when they need to be fighting their disease. Patients need this Congress to reclaim its voice and to not be gagged any longer. It can no longer let Big Pharma and its agenda define the debate. In-stead, we need to end Big Pharma’s ex-ploitation of patients in order to get windfall profits. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.049 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8801 September 25, 2018 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to mark this as an important day for this Congress taking real steps to lower the cost of drugs for Americans. I am proud to have been the lead sponsor for H.R. 6733, the Know the Cost Act of 2018, a bill that includes the core elements of this bill and ex-pands patient protections. Currently, pharmacists are prevented from telling their patients about a lower cost out-of-pocket option rather than utilizing insurance coverage. These gag clause provisions are in-cluded in provider manuals and con-tracts that require broad confiden-tiality agreements for pharmacists. Often, these contracts offered by the pharmacy benefit manager, the PBM, are a take-it-or-leave-it situation where the pharmacist doesn’t have any other options. If they opt not to take the contract, they are often left out of servicing large segments of the patient market. Gag clauses can come in many forms, such as confidentiality agreements be-tween pharmacists and plan sponsors, nondisparagement clauses, and even prohibitions on contacting sponsors, the media, and elected officials. As a result, pharmacists cannot have a transparent relationship with their pa-tients or provide them necessary infor-mation that could help guide their best treatment options. Senator S
TABENOW ’s bill, the Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018, bans these types of gag clauses in Medicare Advantage drug plans. Although this bill does not contain requirements for beneficiary notification that my bill, the Know the Cost Act of 2018, in-cluded, it is still an important step for-ward. Banning gag clauses has received na-tional support from State legislatures, both Chambers of Congress, HHS, and the President. As the only pharmacist currently serving in Congress, I know all too well about the constraints placed on phar-macists as part of the take-it-or-leave- it contracts, where the pharmacist has no other option if they want to con-tinue providing care for their patients in their community. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for their help in bringing this legislation forward. I particularly thank Chairman B
URGESS . Also, a shout-out to our staff, who has done an outstanding job of bringing this all together. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I support these two bills, this one and the pre-vious one. I do think that they are good, bipartisan measures. But I do want to repeat what Mr. D
OGGETT said, that this Congress and the next have to do a lot more to deal with the issue of prescription drug prices. Probably the most effective thing, which I support, is negotiated prices under Medicare, as well as trying to do more with generic drugs. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2553, the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018.’’ S. 2553 amends title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to prohibit health plans and phar-macy benefit managers from restricting phar-macies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. A Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) sponsor and a Medicare Advantage (MA) organization shall ensure that each prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MA–PD) plan offered by the sponsor or orga-nization does not restrict a pharmacy that dis-penses a prescription drug or biological from informing, nor penalize such pharmacy for in-forming, an enrollee in such plan of any dif-ferential between the negotiated price of, or copayment or coinsurance for, the drug or bio-logical to the enrollee under the plan and a lower price the individual would pay for the drug or biological if the enrollee obtained the drug without using any health insurance cov-erage. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) calculated that if generic sub-stitution worked program-wide, then Part D could potentially save $5.9 billion a year. Using generic drugs instead of their brand- name equivalents could have saved the Medi-care Part D program approximately $3 billion in 2016 alone. In 2016, beneficiaries paid $1.1 billion in out-of-pocket costs of brand-name drugs, which was almost twice as much as out-of- pocket costs for generics. The high cost of prescriptions hits older Americans on fixed incomes particularly hard, especially for medications designed to treat serious or chronic conditions where the pa-tient’s cost-share can be expensive. This bill prohibits these outrageous contract arrangements between Medicare private plans, PBMs and pharmacies and help seniors save money when they pick up their prescrip-tions. Seniors should not have to choose between paying their bills and taking their medication. We should make it our mission to put medi-cine within reach of patients. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 2553. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2553. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. RESPONSIBLE DISPOSAL REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2278) to extend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailing Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the dis-posal site in Mesa County, Colorado, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION. 
Section 112(a)(1)(B) of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 7922(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2030’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from West Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2278 was intro-duced by my Colorado colleague, S
COTT T
IPTON , and cosponsored by my Energy and Commerce colleague from Colo-rado, D
IANA DEGETTE . H.R. 2278 extends the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailing Radiation Control Act of 1978 as it relates to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado. The legislation was considered by the Subcommittee on Environment and marked up through regular order. It was reported by the full committee with a bipartisan amendment and passed on a voice vote. Mining and processing uranium gen-erates a byproduct known as uranium mill tailings. Congress passed the Ura-nium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act 40 years ago to establish the frame-work for DOE to dispose of mill tailings, which are left over from the nuclear defense activities and the de-velopment of our nuclear commercial industry. The act also authorizes the Grand Junction, Colorado, site to serve as a disposal location. b1645 This is the only DOE uranium mill tailing disposal site remaining open in the Nation, and so it is necessary for the final disposition of mill tailings discovered throughout this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.053 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8802 September 25, 2018 
H.R. 2278 extends the site’s current authorization until 2030. The extension will enable the site to plan long-term operations to protect the public health and the environment. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2278, the Responsible Disposal Reau-thorization Act of 2018. H.R. 2278 is bi-partisan legislation to address the safe disposal of uranium mill tailings, a sandy byproduct of the uranium mill-ing process. In Grand Junction, Colorado, ura-nium mill tailings were offered to the community as fill material before the health risks of the radioactive mate-rial were fully understood. The tailings were subsequently used in the con-struction of local homes, roads, side-walks, parks, and schools. The Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act provided for the cleanup of those tailings in 1978 and created 19 disposal cells for the radioactive waste. The last of the cells available to accept this material for disposal, the Cheney cell in Grand Junction, Colorado, is set to close in September 2023. This bill ex-tends the cell’s closure date to Sep-tember 2030 or until the cell is filled, whichever day comes first. Mr. Speaker, Congress has already extended the closure date of the dis-posal cell several times. I support this legislation to keep the site oper-ational, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), who is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from West Virginia for the time. The Department of Energy’s Cheney disposal cell in Mesa, Colorado, is a critical component of DOE legacy man-agement’s mission to be able to protect public health and the environment. The cell receives radioactive waste ma-terials that were produced decades ago during the uranium milling process. The waste materials continue to be un-covered during road construction, bridge replacement, home foundation excavation, and other construction ac-tivities in several towns in western Colorado. Once the waste materials are discovered, they must be properly dis-posed of at the Cheney cell. The authorization for the Cheney dis-posal cell expires at the end of 2023 or when the site is filled to capacity. Cur-rently, the remaining capacity in the cell is approximately 234,000 cubic yards, and, therefore, an extended au-thorization is required. H.R. 2278 would extend that authorization until 2030. The Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment supports ex-tending the reauthorization for the Cheney cell and will remain a strong partner in DOE’s legacy management program. I would like to thank my colleague from Colorado, Ms. DIANA DEGETTE , for her support on this legislation. I would also like to thank the Energy and Com-merce Environment Subcommittee chairman, J
OHNSHIMKUS , and Ranking Member P
AUL Tonko, as well as the full committee chairman, G
REG WAL-
DEN, and Ranking Member P ALLONE for recognizing the importance of the Che-ney disposal cell and working to bring this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, again, this is the last remaining disposal site that we need to keep open. I appreciate the support, and I ap-plaud the work of my colleague from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) for his efforts and D
IANA DEGETTE and the bipartisan nature of that cooperation between the two of them to get this done. Mr. Speaker, I call upon the Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2278, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to extend the au-thorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS ACCESS TO CAPITAL AND EFFICIENCY ACT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6348) to adjust the real estate ap-praisal thresholds under the section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6348 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Access to Capital and Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘Small Business ACE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPRAISAL THRESHOLDS. 
Section 502(3)(E)(ii) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(3)(E)(ii)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively, and ad-justing the margins of such items accord-ingly; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—With respect to’’; (3) in item (aa), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘is more than $250,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘is more than the Federal banking regu-lator appraisal threshold’’; (4) in item (bb), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘is $250,000 or less’’ and inserting ‘‘is equal to or less than the Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR AP -
PRAISAL THRESHOLD DEFINED .—For purposes of this clause, the term ‘Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’ means the lesser of the threshold amounts set by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion for when a federally related transaction that is a commercial real estate transaction requires an appraisal prepared by a State li-censed or certified appraiser.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House Small Busi-ness Committee strives to create an en-vironment where small businesses can thrive and create jobs. Unfortunately, small businesses are often hampered by conflicting Federal rules and regula-tions. This is the case when it comes to the appraisal threshold for commercial real estate. Earlier this year, Federal financial regulators, including the Federal Re-serve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, increased the commercial real estate appraisal threshold from $250,000 to $500,000. Un-fortunately, the Small Business Ad-ministration’s threshold for the real estate-heavy 504/CDC loan program is set in statute at $250,000. The con-flicting numbers produce confusion for and burdens on small business owners and the organizations that strive to as-sist them. H.R. 6348, the Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act, also known as the Small Business ACE Act, modernizes and benchmarks the SBA’s 504/CDC threshold value with the value set by the Federal financial regulators. This commonsense legislation will pre-vent future threshold changes from hampering small businesses that uti-lize SBA’s many lending products. I want to thank Mr. C
URTIS of Utah for leading the efforts on this bill, as well as Ranking Member V
ELA´ZQUEZ  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.056 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8803 September 25, 2018 
and Mr. E VANS . It has broad bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 6348, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6348, the Small Business ACE Act. This important legislation updates SBA’s outdated real estate appraisal threshold for the 504 loan program. It is vital for our country’s small busi-nesses that we keep current laws in sync with what is going on in the com-mercial market. More importantly, this commonsense fix ensures as many small business bor-rowers as possible can affordably ac-cess the capital they need to grow their businesses and create jobs. Finally, I would like to take a mo-ment to recognize the chairman for his continued willingness to work across the aisle. He and his staff have set a bi-partisan tone that I think all of us on this committee can be proud of. As a result, we are carrying out our respon-sibilities in a timely manner with input from both Republican and Demo-cratic Members. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this piece of legislation, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for her indica-tions that we work very much in a bi-partisan manner in our committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ), whom I thank for his leadership in this effort. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and rank-ing member for supporting the Small Business Access to Capital and Effi-ciency Act, or Small Business ACE Act. I am also grateful to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) for joining as a cosponsor and for my colleagues on the Small Business Com-mittee for advancing this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, the Small Business ACE Act is critical to reducing burdensome red tape and regulations that fall so disproportionately on small business. Small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy across the country and certainly in my home State of Utah where they make up over 99 percent of all Utah businesses and contribute two- thirds of all job growth. Without a doubt, the strength of our economy de-pends on these small businesses. Although the economy continues to improve, small businesses and entre-preneurs often face challenges access-ing capital. To assist creditworthy innovators, the Small Business Admin-istration offers numerous lending pro-grams, including the 504 loan program. Without using a single taxpayer dollar, the program has helped many well- known businesses throughout the United States and Utah. In the past 20 years, the 504 program has supported over 4,500 entrepreneurs and nearly 64,000 jobs in Utah alone. However, despite the program’s posi-tive status, Federal red tape and con-flicting regulations have hampered its development, weighing it down with roadblocks and uncertainty. As a re-sult, many small businesses still have difficulty accessing capital. The Small Business ACE Act will help fix this by eliminating Federal regulations burdening the program and harmonizing conflicting real estate ap-praisal thresholds that have prevented eligible small businesses from access-ing capital. I am pleased that my bill has broad support from important stakeholders, like the National Association of Devel-opment Companies, Mountain West Small Business Finance, and Utah Cer-tified Development Company, that know better than anyone just how es-sential the 504 small business lending program is and how critical it is that we improve it. By reducing burdens on small businesses, we help ensure not only their individual success, but the success for our Nation’s economy. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to put forth this commonsense legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ), who is the ranking member on the Subcommittee of Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their bipartisan leadership. I am pleased to join with my col-league, Congressman J
OHNCURTIS from Utah, in putting forth this important piece of legislation. I am pleased to join as the cosponsor of Congressman C
URTIS on H.R. 6348, the Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act, which adjusts the real estate appraisal threshold under the section 504 pro-gram to bring them into line with thresholds used by the Federal banking regulator. This bill also passed out of the Small Business Committee in July. The city of Philadelphia has a robust real estate industry which employs ap-praisers, lenders, construction workers, bankers, and numerous others. The point is the industry is responsible for jobs, jobs, and more jobs. Currently, the Small Business Act mandates this. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this particular bill. This is very important to our country. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) for his lead-ership on this. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, in closing, with this legislation, we are only responding to the reality of the situation in the commercial lending market. This is a commonsense fix with bi-partisan support that will ensure small businesses are not unfairly burdened with appraisal requirements. Doing so allows small firms to allocate their working capital as wisely and effi-ciently as possible. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, to conclude, the SBA’s 504/CDC loan program is vital to many creditworthy small businesses that cannot obtain credit elsewhere. To re-duce confusion from conflicting Fed-eral rules, H.R. 6348 will update and bring SBA’s commercial real estate threshold to the same level as other Federal financial regulators. b1700 We must continue to work together to free small business owners from con-flicting Federal regulations. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan reform instituted in H.R. 6348. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6348. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
7(a) REAL ESTATE APPRAISAL HARMONIZATION ACT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6347) to adjust the real estate ap-praisal thresholds under the 7(a) pro-gram to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6347 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘7(a) Real Es-tate Appraisal Harmonization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPRAISAL THRESHOLDS. 
Section 7(a)(29) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(29)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and adjusting the margins of such clauses ac-cordingly; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to’’; (3) in clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘for more than $250,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, if such loan is in an amount greater than the Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’’; (4) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘for $250,000 or less’’ and inserting ‘‘, if such loan is in an amount equal to or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.058 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8804 September 25, 2018 
less than the Federal banking regulator ap-praisal threshold’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR AP -
PRAISAL THRESHOLD DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’ means the lesser of the threshold amounts set by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion for when a federally related transaction that is a commercial real estate transaction requires an appraisal prepared by a State li-censed or certified appraiser.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, similar to the SBA’s 504/CDC loan program, the SBA’s 7(a) loan program assists small businesses that have a business plan in place for success but do not have the ability to obtain credit elsewhere. Through a partnership with financial institutions, the SBA provides a government guar-antee to help the small business grow and create jobs. Importantly, this pro-gram has been running on zero cost to the American taxpayers for years. While the economy has been improv-ing, conflicting Federal rules and regu-lations often present uncertainty and confusion for small businesses and those within the 7(a) loan program. When an SBA 7(a) loan is used in a commercial real estate transaction, a formal State licensed or certified ap-praisal is statutorily required on all transactions above $250,000. However, the value set by Federal financial regu-lators has recently been increased from $250,000 to $500,000. To provide clarity for small businesses, H.R. 6347 modern-izes and mirrors the SBA’s commercial real estate appraisal threshold with the value set by Federal financial regu-lators. Similar to H.R. 6348, H.R. 6347 does not provide an exact dollar threshold. Rather, it ties the SBA’s 7(a) threshold to the value set by Federal financial regulators. This benchmark provision will prevent conflict as the threshold value is updated in the future. I would like to thank Mr. E
VANS and Mr. C
URTIS for working in a bipartisan manner to find a solution to this prob-lem that is impacting small businesses. The bill has broad bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 6347, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6347, the 7(a) Real Estate Harmoni-zation Act, which updates SBA’s out-dated real estate appraisal threshold for the 7(a) loan guarantee program. The 7(a) loan program, the SBA’s flagship lending product, is a vital source of capital for thousands of small businesses unable to secure financing through traditional lending. Today’s bill brings the 7(a) program’s real es-tate appraisal threshold in line with other Federal banking regulators, namely the Fed, OCC, and FDIC. In doing so, it eliminates the burden lend-ers currently face in having to meet two different standards. I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. EVANS ) for his leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ), who is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support of this bill. As I mentioned earlier, this bill is important for modernization and mov-ing toward the future. In the city of Philadelphia, we have a lot of opportu-nities. It is most important that we rise in competitiveness from where we are today. As the ranking member has stated very clearly, this again just makes the opportunities more competi-tive. I think it is most important in this environment today that we are sen-sitive to small businesses because they are the backbone of our future. It is important to understand that in a city like Philadelphia, which has 26 percent poverty—one of the largest major cit-ies in this country—we need to add this to the toolbox. The importance of growing businesses, particularly small businesses, is extremely important to us all. So I stand here today and join with my colleagues and ask that we support this legislation that will be very im-portant in the toolbox of small busi-nesses. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This past spring, Federal banking regulators updated their threshold level for when a State licensed or cer-tified appraisal is required, raising it to $500,000. In order to remain con-sistent with the rest of the market, SBA’s levels should match the market. This bill does this by harmonizing the real estate appraisal threshold for the SBA’s 7(a) program with the rest of the marketplace. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would first like to commend the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. EVANS ) for his leadership on this bill. Small businesses do not employ an army of tax and accounting specialists. All too often, the small business owner must sacrifice time and energy away from growing his or her business to comply with Federal rules and regula-tions. While we are making progress on reducing regulations, at times, Federal rules conflict. As we have heard today, H.R. 6347 aims to reduce the confusion that ex-ists for small businesses that utilize the Small Business Administration’s 7(a) loan program when it comes to the commercial real estate appraisal threshold. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan updates pro-posed in this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6347. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCACY IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6316) to clarify the primary func-tions and duties of the Office of Advo-cacy of the Small Business Administra-tion, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6316 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Advocacy Improvements Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO PRIMARY FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES OF THE OFFICE OF AD-VOCACY OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) P RIMARY FUNCTIONS .—Section 202 of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634b) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and the international economy’’ after ‘‘economy’’; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘com-plete’’ and inserting ‘‘compete’’; and (3) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘serviced- disabled’’ and inserting ‘‘service-disabled’’. (b) D
UTIES .—Section 203(a) of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634c) is amended— (1) in paragraph 5, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph 6, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) represent the views and interests of small businesses before foreign governments and international entities for the purpose of contributing to regulatory and trade initia-tives which may affect small businesses.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.051 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8805 September 25, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 6316, the Small Business Advocacy Improve-ments Act of 2018, which clarifies the role of the Office of Advocacy of the United States Small Business Adminis-tration. The Office of Advocacy is charged with representing small businesses be-fore Federal agencies whose policies and activities may affect small busi-nesses. It also examines the role of small business in the American econ-omy and the contributions small busi-nesses can make in improving competi-tion. This office plays a vital role in ensuring that small businesses are heard when the Federal Government makes policy decisions that will im-pact them. Currently, the law is silent regarding the Office of Advocacy’s ability to study the role of small business in international economies, which is an important avenue for small businesses as they seek opportunities to expand overseas. This bill would clarify that the Office of Advocacy should include international economies as part of its research functions. The law is also silent regarding the Office of Advocacy’s authority to rep-resent small businesses before foreign governments and international enti-ties. It is important for small busi-nesses to have their views and interests on regulatory and trade initiatives rep-resented in the international space. This bill clarifies the Office of Advocacy’s ability to represent small business views and interests before for-eign governments and other inter-national entities for the purpose of contributing to regulatory and trade initiatives. I want to thank Mr. C
OMER and Ms. A
DAMS for working on this issue and producing a simple solution to clarify the Office of Advocacy’s role. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6316, the Small Business Advocacy Im-provements Act. There are nearly 30 million small businesses in the United States, rep-resenting more than 99 percent of all businesses. These small firms employ nearly 50 percent of all private sector employees in the U.S. The SBA’s Office of Advocacy represents an important tool for these businesses because it is their voice that the office embodies in all matters of government. Clarifying the authority of advocacy to examine international economic data and represent small business in-terests in international discussions, particularly in trade negotiations, raises the ability of small American firms to participate in a global market. Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ), and I thank him for his leader-ship on this bill. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6316, the Small Business Advocacy Improvements Act of 2018. I am proud to be the sponsor of this bipartisan legislation. The Office of Advocacy at the United States Small Business Administration plays a vital role in ensuring Federal agencies take into account how their policies impact small businesses. While the Office of Advocacy has done excellent work on behalf of our Nation’s small businesses, the current law is silent on whether it can research and advocate on behalf of small busi-ness on international matters. This is a problem that we can easily fix. Given the Office of Advocacy’s knowledge and research on how regula-tions impact small businesses, it is ap-propriate for the office to advocate and research small business interests on international matters. This bill ad-vances the Office of Advocacy’s mis-sion to advocate for America’s small businesses and clarifies its authority on international small business issues. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan bill. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. There is no question that we need to support our small businesses across the country, no matter their location or industry, when they are attempting to break into international commerce. Today’s bill leverages the unique posi-tion and knowledge of the SBA’s Office of Advocacy to amplify the voice of small firms in international settings. I commend Congressman C
OMER and Congresswoman A
DAMS in taking the important step to break down inter-national barriers for small entre-preneurs entering into the world of trade. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to, again, thank Mr. COMER and Ms. A DAMS for their leadership on this measure. The Office of Advocacy is a critical Federal agency charged with rep-resenting America’s 30 million small firms across the Federal Government. They have done outstanding work on behalf of our Nation’s small businesses. But as we have discussed, current law is silent on whether it can research and advocate on behalf of small business on international matters. This bipartisan legislation offers a simple solution to allow the Office of Advocacy to expand their role in international matters. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1715 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6316. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS RUNWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6330) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6330 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Runway Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION TO METHOD FOR PRE-SCRIBING SIZE STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
Section 3(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.065 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8806 September 25, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. K NIGHT and Ms. C
LARKE for this leading bipartisan legislation, which takes a critical step toward addressing the challenge that small contractors face when entering the middle market. The primary objective of the SBA’s small business programs is to encour-age the growth and vibrancy of the Federal supplier base, boost competi-tion, protect against supplier consoli-dation, and spur innovation. These noble goals are thwarted when small businesses find themselves competing in the open market prematurely before they have the tools they need to suc-ceed. Given the increasing size of Federal contract awards made today, one or two big awards won by a small con-tractor could easily force them out of the category of small business. Since many do not have the infrastructure or competitiveness to go head to head against firms many times their size, they often fail or become consumed into a larger competitor’s supply chain. These results contravene the mission and purpose of the small busi-ness programs, further widening the di-vide between large and small contrac-tors. Competitiveness takes time, hard work, and significant resources to build. However, difficult as it is to build competitiveness, it is just as eas-ily lost. H.R. 6330 provides a solution to this problem, allowing small businesses extra time to potentially retain their ‘‘small’’ size status while they con-tinue to develop their competitive edge. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6330, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6330, the Small Business Runway Ex-tension Act of 2018. Over the years, Congress has created numerous Federal programs, set-asides, tax preferences, and SBA loan pro-grams to help small businesses succeed. However, the advantages conferred by this program have led to heated debate over who is truly a small business and what an acceptable small business size standard is. The answer is an important one, as it can be underinclusive, thereby pushing a firm outside the standard, or it can be overinclusive, allowing large firms to compete in these programs. The end result is the same: small firms deprived of Federal contracting opportunities. This bill addresses the pressure placed on those businesses not able to compete against large entities from being prematurely placed outside their size standard by providing a more in-clusive review of 5 years of their gross receipts. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this very important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. K NIGHT ) and thank him for his leader-ship in this important measure. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman for his support on this and many other issues that we see in our Small Business Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6330, the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018. This bill is simple. It is common-sense. It is a measure designed to pro-mote the sustainability, growth, and development of small Federal contrac-tors into the open marketplace. Under existing law, the Small Busi-ness Administration calculates the size of a company by taking the average of the past 3 years of gross receipts. A company’s average must be within es-tablished industry parameters set by the SBA in order to be considered a small business and be eligible to re-ceive access to SBA’s small business programs, resources, and assistance. My bill is very simple. It extends that time period out to 5 years. This additional time allows all small busi-nesses an opportunity to mature before graduating out of the SBA’s small busi-ness programs. Over the course of this Congress, we have conducted hearings, held roundtables, and heard stories of the overwhelming mid-market challenges forcing many successful small contrac-tors to close their doors or stall their growth. Prospects for a newly grad-uated firm successfully integrating into the open marketplace are rapidly declining due to the widening gap be-tween small and large contractors. Small firms are opting out—either voluntarily or, in many cases, involun-tarily—from joining the Federal mar-ketplace because of this rift. This out-come depletes our industrial base, re-duces competition, and inhibits eco-nomic growth. Mr. Speaker, do we really want our small businesses to look at their abil-ity to expand and their ability to be a larger and more prosperous business and say: I can’t do this because I am going to move out of the SBA, so what I should do is maybe close my doors or just restrict our growth. That is not what America is all about. That is not what we want out of our small businesses. We want them to expand. We want them to bring new and innovative things to the market-place. And we want them to expand and have jobs for our kids and for the next generation. Mr. Speaker, I think that this is a reasonable look at what we are trying to do, and I urge support of H.R. 6330. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, this legislation gives small businesses more time to adjust to not being a small business anymore. We want our small businesses to thrive and grow and break through to the mid-tier and big business strata. Often-times, that is difficult. H.R. 6330 gives these firms just a lit-tle more time to adapt to their new business environment, so they can compete more efficiently and continue to grow and create more jobs for more Americans. I again thank Mr. K
NIGHT for his leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6330. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INCENTIVIZING FAIRNESS IN SUBCONTRACTING ACT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6367) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to pro-vide a dispute process for non-payment to subcontractors, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6367 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Incentivizing Fairness in Subcontracting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SMALL BUSINESS LOWER-TIER SUBCON-TRACTING. 
Section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (16) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(16) C
REDIT FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSINESS  
CONCERN SUBCONTRACTORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-mining whether or not a prime contractor has attained the percentage goals specified in para-graph (6)— ‘‘(i) if the subcontracting goals pertain only to a single contract with the Federal agency, the prime contractor may elect to receive credit for small business concerns performing as first tier subcontractors or subcontractors at any tier pursuant to the subcontracting plans required under paragraph (6)(D) in an amount equal to the dollar value of work awarded to such small business concerns; and ‘‘(ii) if the subcontracting goals pertain to more than one contract with one or more Fed-eral agencies, or to one contract with more than one Federal agency, the prime contractor may only count first tier subcontractors that are small business concerns. ‘‘(B) C
OLLECTION AND REVIEW OF DATA ON  
SUBCONTRACTING PLANS .—The head of each con-tracting agency shall ensure that— ‘‘(i) the agency collects and reports data on the extent to which contractors of the agency meet the goals and objectives set forth in sub-contracting plans submitted pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) the agency periodically reviews data col-lected and reported pursuant to subparagraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.067 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8807 September 25, 2018 
(A) for the purpose of ensuring that such con-tractors comply in good faith with the require-ments of this subsection and subcontracting plans submitted by the contractors pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall permit lower-tier subcon-tracting goaling requirements of prime contrac-tors that are eligible to receive lower-tier sub-contracting credit under this paragraph.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(18) D
ISPUTE PROCESS FOR NON -PAYMENT TO  
SUBCONTRACTORS .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE TO AGENCY .—With respect to a contract with a Federal agency, a subcontractor of a prime contractor on such contract may, if the subcontractor has not received payment for work performed within 90 days of the comple-tion of such work, notify the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization (‘OSDBU’) of the Federal agency and the prime contractor of such lack of payment, if such no-tice is provided to the agency within the 15-day period following the end of such 90 days. ‘‘(B) A
GENCY DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of a notice de-scribed under subparagraph (A), the OSDBU shall verify whether such lack of payment has occurred and determine whether such lack of payment is due to an undue restriction placed on the prime contractor by an action of the Fed-eral agency. ‘‘(ii) R
ESPONSE DURING DETERMINATION .—Dur- ing the period in which the OSDBU is making the determination under clause (i), the prime contractor may respond to both the subcon-tractor and the OSDBU with relevant verifying documentation to either prove payment or al-lowable status of nonpayment. ‘‘(C) C
URE PERIOD .—If the OSDBU verifies the lack of payment under subparagraph (B) and determines that such lack of payment is not due to an action of the Federal agency, the OSDBU shall notify the prime contractor and provide the prime contractor with a 15-day period in which the prime contractor may make the pay-ment owed to the subcontractor. ‘‘(D) R
ESULT OF NONPAYMENT .—If, after noti-fying the prime contractor under subparagraph (C), the OSDBU determines that the prime con-tractor has not fully paid the amount owed within the 15-day cure period described under subparagraph (C), the OSDBU shall ensure that such failure to pay is reflected in the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting system.’’. 
SEC. 3. MAINTENANCE OF RECORDS WITH RE-SPECT TO CREDIT UNDER A SUBCON-TRACTING PLAN. 
Section 8(d)(6) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(6)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) and (H) as subparagraphs (H) and (I), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: ‘‘(G) a recitation of the types of records the successful offeror or bidder will maintain to demonstrate that procedures have been adopted to substantiate the credit the successful offeror or bidder will elect to receive under paragraph (16)(A)(i);’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before we begin discus-sion of this legislation, I would like to thank Mr. LAWSON from Florida and Mr. K
ELLY from Mississippi for their leadership in addressing an issue that is a cause of great concern for small subcontractors; namely, prime con-tractor compliance with their subcon-tracting plans. Large prime contractors have a stat-utory obligation to develop and submit a subcontracting plan as part of their bid and proposal package. In this plan, prime contractors are required to out-line their intention to award a certain percentage of subcontracting dollars to small businesses. Unfortunately, it has been a chal-lenge to ensure that prime contractors are held accountable to these plans. Recently, the Department of Defense Inspector General’s Office issued a re-port that found post-award compliance activities, specifically the oversight of subcontracting plans, is not a high pri-ority for contracting officers. This finding is not limited to the military and can be generalized to apply across the Federal Government. As the number of prime contracts suitable for small business continues to decline, subcontracting becomes in-creasingly important for small con-tractors trying to gain a foothold in the Federal market. H.R. 6367, as amended, proposes to strengthen subcontracting measures by requiring large primes to maintain records proving they are subcon-tracting to small businesses, as re-quired by their subcontracting plans. Furthermore, this bill establishes an alternative avenue of redress for small subcontractors, allowing them to en-gage the appropriate Federal agency’s small business advocate office if they believe payment is being withheld un-fairly by a large prime contractor. Because of these important measures undertaken to protect small contrac-tors, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6367, as amended. I also, again, thank my colleagues for their leader-ship in this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6367, the Incentivizing Fairness in Sub-contracting Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in fiscal year 2017, the Federal Government purchased goods and services worth over $508 billion through over 22 million contract ac-tions. Yet, not all this money stayed with the original prime contractor and, instead, trickles down to subcontrac-tors. Subcontracts are growing in impor-tance as an avenue for small businesses to work with the government, so it is important that barriers to entry are reduced. By improving the tools that exist for small businesses to become subcontractors, today’s measures will draw in more small businesses that are not regular government contractors. This is a critical step to expanding the industrial base and including more small firms. Most importantly, it en-sures more small contractors have just recourse through the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion if payment is not received within 90 days of completion. Timely payment protects small contractors who do not have the overhead margins to continue operating without being paid. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this particular leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health and Technology and sponsor of the bill. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to support my bill, H.R. 6367, the Incentivizing Fairness in Subcon-tracting Act of 2018. This bill will clarify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dispute process for non-payment to subcontractors. Simply put, this bill will help contractors re-ceive the credit they need to satisfy Federal requirements. Small businesses put in a tremendous amount of effort to receive Federal contracting jobs. There are tons of re-quirements, paperwork, and costs that go into applying and being awarded these opportunities. Unfortunately, even after a Federal contract is awarded, small businesses still struggle. Whether it is a delay in payment due to the lack of an adminis-trative dispute process or not being able to count lower tier subcontractors toward goals, many contractors face obstacles during the implementation of their contracts, creating the need for safe harbors to guarantee that they can move forward in the most effective and efficient manner. b1730 H.R. 6367 will do just that. This is a bill that provides the clarity and re-sources needed to help contractors work at full capacity. This bill is endorsed by the National Electrical Contractors Association, an association whose 4,000 members are 85 percent small businesses. NECA is the voice of about a $160 billion industry responsible for bringing electrical power, lighting, and communication to buildings and communities across the United States. I am proud to work with Ranking Member V
ELA´ZQUEZ , the chairman, and the Congressman from Mississippi (Mr. K
ELLY ). This is an important step in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.054 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8808 September 25, 2018 
guaranteeing that our contractors are treated fairly when carrying out their contracts. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ) and his co-sponsor, Mr. K
ELLY , for introducing this important legislation. H.R. 6367 protects our small contractors by up-dating the subcontracting goaling re-gime through increased flexibility and accountability. Establishing incentives to count low- tier subcontracting awards and a dis-pute process for subcontractors to uti-lize in the event of nonpayment en-sures a healthy Federal procurement marketplace. Today’s legislation spreads the eco-nomic power of Federal procurement to more companies and the communities they are located. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, as we have discussed, there are less prime contracting oppor-tunities that are available for small businesses nowadays. It is in the sub-contracting arena that is often the best and only way for a small contractor to engage with the Federal Government, but the lack of accountability and Fed-eral oversight harms small subcontrac-tors that rely on these opportunities to survive. This is a lose-lose situation for both America’s small businesses seeking to do work for the Federal Government and for the government itself. We want our citizens to get the best bang for their buck, and the more competition there is, the better it is for all of us. The greater oversight reforms in this legislation take a big step in ensuring small firms are protected. I once again thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ) for his lead-ership on this measure, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan, commonsense piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6367, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENCOURAGING SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATORS Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6368) to encourage R&D small business set-asides, to encourage SBIR and STTR participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Ad-ministration’s mentor-protege pro-gram, to promote the use of inter-agency contracts, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6368 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Encouraging Small Business Innovators’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUDING TESTING AND EVALUATION IN THE DEFINITION OF R&D. 
Section 9(e)(5) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)(5)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; (2) by striking ‘‘means any activity’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) any activity’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘and ‘‘(B) any testing or evaluation in connec-tion with such an activity;’’. 
SEC. 3. ENCOURAGING PARTICIPATION IN THE MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) E
NCOURAGING PARTICIPATION IN THE  M
ENTOR -PROTEGE PROGRAM .—The Adminis-trator shall provide an increase to the past performance rating of any small business concern that has participated in the SBIR or STTR program that serves as a mentor under section 45 to a small business concern that seeks to participate in the SBIR or STTR program.’’. 
SEC. 4. PROMOTING THE USE OF GOVERNMENT- WIDE AND OTHER INTERAGENCY CONTRACTS. 
(a) P ROMOTING INTERAGENCY ACQUISI -
TIONS .—Section 865 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘all interagency acquisi-tions’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by adding ‘‘all interagency assisted ac-quisitions’’ before ‘‘include’’; and (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) by striking subparagraph (B); (D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (E) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘all interagency assisted acquisi-tions’’ before ‘‘include’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The term ‘assisted acquisition’ means a type of interagency acquisition where a servicing agency performs acquisition activi-ties on a requesting agency’s behalf, such as awarding and administering a contract, task order, or delivery order.’’. (b) GSA A
SSISTANCE WITHCERTAIN SMALL  B
USINESS CONTRACT AWARDS .— Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638), as amended by section 4, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(uu) GSA A
SSISTANCE WITH CERTAIN  S
MALL BUSINESS CONTRACT AWARDS .—The Administrator of the General Services Ad-ministration may assist another agency with the process of awarding a contract to a small business concern under the SBIR or STTR program or under a small business set- aside.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-tion was introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) and cosponsored by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), so it is bipartisan. I thank the gentlemen, both of them, for their leadership on this important issue. This legislation would make small but important changes to the Small Business Innovation Research, or SBIR, and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer, or STTR, programs. A healthy and vibrant Federal mar-ketplace is important to our Nation. Competition breeds innovation, which is critical in our national defense to save lives on the battlefield or healthcare advancements to improve and prolong lives. The SBIR and STTR programs are often one of the first places small innovators and manufacturers venture into the Federal contracting arena. The process can be daunting for small firms completely new to contracting with the Federal Government. H.R. 6368 provides an avenue for more experienced SBIR and STTR companies to mentor newer companies to help them adjust to how the Federal Gov-ernment does business. By doing so, it aims to strengthen the industrial base by bringing new firms into the con-tracting process. The bill also rewards mentors with a past-performance rating boost so they can be more advantaged when applying for a full research and development set-aside or sole-source contracts going forward outside of the program. Additionally, this legislation pro-vides clarity in the use of government- side interagency acquisitions per-mitted through the fiscal year 2009 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, by updating and harmonizing the terminology used in acquisitions. Finally, the bill expressly allows the GSA, General Services Administration, to assist agencies with contract awards and vehicle creation for small busi-nesses receiving sole-source or set- aside contracts in the SBIR and STTR programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.071 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8809 September 25, 2018 
Historically, there have been lengthy delays in the programs at various stages, including award notification, payment, and advancement. The bill aims to reduce these delays by allow-ing the GSA to assist participating agencies in the SBIR and STTR con-tract creation and management. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, September 18, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 6368, the Encouraging Small Business Innovators Act of 2018. This bill contains provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. As a result of your having consulted with me concerning the provisions of the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo consideration of the bill, so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 6368, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation, and we will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves for-ward so we may address any remaining issues within our Rule X jurisdiction. Fur-ther, I request your support for the appoint-ment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference on this or re-lated legislation. Finally, I would appreciate a response con-firming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Small Business, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration thereof. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, September 18, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : In reference to your letter of September 18, 2018, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encouraging Small Business Innovators Act of 2018.’’ I appreciate the House Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its juris-diction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consider-ation of H.R. 6368 and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s juris-dictional interests over this or similar legis-lation. I will support a request from the House Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform for appointment to any House- Senate conference on H.R. 6368 or similar legislation. Again, thank you for your assistance with these matters. Sincerely, S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 18, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 6368, ‘‘Encouraging Small Busi-ness Innovators,’’ which was ordered re-ported by your Committee on July 18, 2018. H.R. 6368 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and re-quest that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your coopera-tion. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, September 18, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: In reference to your letter of September 18, 2018, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encouraging Small Business Innovators Act of 2018.’’ I appreciate the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its juris-diction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consider-ation of H.R. 6368 and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s jurisdic-tional interests over this or similar legisla-tion. I will support a request from the House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for appointment to any House-Senate conference on H.R. 6368 or similar legisla-tion. Again, thank you for your assistance with these matters. Sincerely, S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6368, Encouraging Small Business Innovators. For almost 40 years, our Nation has experienced increased innovation and job creation through the Small Busi-ness Innovation Research program, or SBIR, and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer program, or STTR. Re-search conducted by SBIR and STTR awardees has helped address our coun-try’s most technological and research- based challenges while generating tre-mendous economic growth and employ-ment opportunities. By incentivizing more experienced SBIR/STTR companies to mentor newer companies and rewarding men-tors through a past-performance rating increase, Congressman ESPAILLAT ’s legislation positively promotes inte-grating these program participants into the larger Federal marketplace. That is why I urge Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I thank Ranking Member V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Chairman C HABOT for their leadership in the Small Business Committee, and the colead in this bill, the Congressman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6368, Encouraging Small Busi-ness Innovators. Mr. Speaker, access to capital re-mains limited for underrepresented minority- and women-owned small businesses. I hear this concern from many in New York City whose ventures in science and technology are full of promise and potential for success. However, a 2013 report commissioned by the Small Business Administration found that women-owned businesses do not have equal access to capital from the private sector as compared to their male peers. The Small Business Admin-istration’s own Office of Advocacy has said that ‘‘there are fewer minority- owned businesses representing high- patenting industries than in all indus-tries.’’ Through the Small Business Innova-tion Research and the Small Business Technology Transfer programs, the Small Business Administration works with partners in 11 Federal agencies, ranging from agriculture to NASA, to support small businesses, and espe-cially those that are minority and dis-advantaged owned. These programs are committed to fostering and encouraging participa-tion and innovation and entrepreneur-ship by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals and expanding private-sector commercialization of in-novations resulting from federally funded research and development. But this is limited only to research and de-velopment. There is no consideration given for testing and evaluation. What good is a product or a method when you don’t know if it works effec-tively, efficiently, or can be used in variable ways? H.R. 6368 addresses this problem by including testing and evaluation among the activities that SBIR and STTR participants can apply for. This is how we can encourage more under-represented entrepreneurs and their ex-pertise into a process where they can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.073 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8810 September 25, 2018 
develop new products, ideas, and gain respected external validators. H.R. 6368 also incentivizes mentorship with previous SBIR and STTR companies that have found suc-cess in the programs to share and im-part that knowledge and experience. Today’s bill is endorsed by the Na-tional Defense Industrial Association, an association whose majority are small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for introducing to-day’s bill to spur increased contracting activities in the SBIR/STTR programs, and I ask all my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I, first of all, thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member, for her leadership on this, and Mr. E
SPAILLAT , as well, and Mr. N ORMAN  for working together in a bipartisan manner. Mr. Speaker, the SBIR and STTR play pivotal roles in the development of new technologies while giving Fed-eral agencies innovative and cost-effec-tive ways to solve operational prob-lems. They are highly popular and have helped thousands of small businesses create new technologies, commer-cialize their ideas, and generate new jobs. The reforms contained in H.R. 6368 will bring more firms into the pro-grams and make it easier for them to win contracts. This is a win-win for small businesses and the Federal Gov-ernment as competition breeds innova-tion, and innovation leads to saving taxpayer dollars. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan and common-sense reforms of H.R. 6368, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encouraging Small Business Innovators Act,’’ which encourages R&D small business set-asides, to incentivize Small Business Innovation Research Program (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Trans-fer Program (STTR) participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Administra-tion’s mentor-prote´ge´program. The SBIR program is a highly competitive program that encourages domestic small busi-nesses to engage in Federal Research/Re-search and Development (R/R&D) that has the potential for commercialization. Through a competitive awards-based pro-gram, SBIR enables small businesses to ex-plore their technological potential and provides the incentive to profit from its commercializa-tion. By including qualified small businesses in the nation’s R&D arena, high-tech innovation is stimulated and the United States gains en-trepreneurial capacity as it meets its specific research and development needs. STTR is another program that expands funding opportunities in the federal innovation research and development (R&D) arena. Central to the STTR program is expansion of the public/private sector partnerships to in-clude the joint venture opportunities for small businesses and nonprofit research institutions. The unique feature of the STTR program is the requirement for the small business to for-mally collaborate with a research institution in Phase I and Phase II. STTR’s most important role is to bridge the gap between performance of basic science and commercialization of resulting innovations. As a member of Congress, I have worked to advance policies that promote business oppor-tunities and business growth because I believe that this is at the heart of the American dream—small businesses are the backbone of the American economy. To this end, I have authored numerous Leg-islative proposals empowering small busi-nesses such as the American Rising Act and the Transitioning Heroes Act, to name a few to provide opportunities for small businesses. I have also hosted events to create a plat-form for entrepreneurial and small business participants to hear from experts in the indus-try and to network with supplier outreach rep-resentatives from major government agencies and corporations. By finding the right mentors like SBIR and STTR, small business owners and incubators can learn valuable tools to aid in leading small businesses to success. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to stand with me in the support of H.R. 6368. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6368, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to a concur-rent resolution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551. f 
b1745 EXPANDING CONTRACTING OPPOR-TUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6369) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6369 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Con-tracting Opportunities for Small Businesses Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO CONTRACTING AU-THORITY FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI-NESS CONCERNS. 
(a) Q UALIFIED HUBZ ONE SMALL BUSINESS  C
ONCERNS .—Subparagraph (A) of section 31(b)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657a(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) S
OLE SOURCE CONTRACTS .—A contracting officer may award sole source contracts under this section to any qualified HUBZone small business concern, if— ‘‘(i) the qualified HUBZone small business concern is determined to be a responsible con-tractor with respect to performance of such con-tract opportunity; ‘‘(ii) the contracting officer does not have a reasonable expectation that two or more quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns will sub-mit offers for the contracting opportunity; ‘‘(iii) the anticipated award price of the con-tract will not exceed— ‘‘(I) $7,000,000, in the case of a contract op-portunity assigned a standard industrial classi-fication code for manufacturing; or ‘‘(II) $4,000,000, in the case of all other con-tract opportunities; and ‘‘(iv) in the estimation of the contracting offi-cer, the contract award can be made at a fair and reasonable price.’’. (b) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN OWNED AND  C
ONTROLLED BY SERVICE -DISABLED VETERANS .— Subsection (a) of section 36 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 657f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
OLE SOURCE CONTRACTS .—In accord-ance with this section, a contracting officer may award a sole source contract to any small busi-ness concern owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans if— ‘‘(1) such concern is determined to be a re-sponsible contractor with respect to performance of such contract opportunity; ‘‘(2) the contracting officer does not have a reasonable expectation that two or more small business concerns owned and controlled by serv-ice-disabled veterans will submit offers for the contracting opportunity; ‘‘(3) the anticipated award price of the con-tract will not exceed— ‘‘(A) $7,000,000, in the case of a contract op-portunity assigned a standard industrial classi-fication code for manufacturing; or ‘‘(B) $4,000,000, in the case of any other con-tract opportunity; ‘‘(4) in the estimation of the contracting offi-cer, the contract award can be made at a fair and reasonable price; ‘‘(5) the contracting officer has notified the Administration of the intent to make such award and requested that the Administration determine the concern’s eligibility for award; and ‘‘(6) the Administration has determined that such concern is eligible for award.’’. (c) C
ERTAIN SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS  O
WNED AND CONTROLLED BY WOMEN .—Section 8(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(m)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (7) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(7) A
UTHORITY FOR SOLE SOURCE CONTRACTS  
FOR ECONOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED SMALL BUSI -
NESS CONCERNS OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.074 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8811 September 25, 2018 
WOMEN .—A contracting officer may award a sole source contract under this subsection to any small business concern owned and controlled by women described in paragraph (2)(A) and cer-tified under paragraph (2)(E) if— ‘‘(A) such concern is determined to be a re-sponsible contractor with respect to performance of the contract opportunity; ‘‘(B) the contracting officer does not have a reasonable expectation that two or more busi-nesses described in paragraph (2)(A) will submit offers; ‘‘(C) the anticipated award price of the con-tract will not exceed— ‘‘(i) $7,000,000, in the case of a contract oppor-tunity assigned a standard industrial classifica-tion code for manufacturing; or ‘‘(ii) $4,000,000, in the case of any other con-tract opportunity; ‘‘(D) in the estimation of the contracting offi-cer, the contract award can be made at a fair and reasonable price; ‘‘(E) the contracting officer has notified the Administration of the intent to make such award and requested that the Administration determine the concern’s eligibility for award; and ‘‘(F) the Administration has determined that such concern is eligible for award.’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (8) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(8) A
UTHORITY FOR SOLE SOURCE CONTRACTS  
FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND CON -
TROLLED BY WOMEN IN SUBSTANTIALLY UNDER -
REPRESENTED INDUSTRIES .—A contracting officer may award a sole source contract under this subsection to any small business concern owned and controlled by women certified under para-graph (2)(E) that is in an industry in which small business concerns owned and controlled by women are substantially underrepresented (as determined by the Administrator under paragraph (3)) if— ‘‘(A) such concern is determined to be a re-sponsible contractor with respect to performance of the contract opportunity; ‘‘(B) the contracting officer does not have a reasonable expectation that two or more busi-nesses in an industry that has received a waiver under paragraph (3) will submit offers; ‘‘(C) the anticipated award price of the con-tract will not exceed— ‘‘(i) $7,000,000, in the case of a contract oppor-tunity assigned a standard industrial classifica-tion code for manufacturing; or ‘‘(ii) $4,000,000, in the case of any other con-tract opportunity; ‘‘(D) in the estimation of the contracting offi-cer, the contract award can be made at a fair and reasonable price; ‘‘(E) the contracting officer has notified the Administration of the intent to make such award and requested that the Administration determine the concern’s eligibility for award; and ‘‘(F) the Administration has determined that such concern is eligible for award.’’. (d) E
LIMINATION OF THE INCLUSION OF OPTION  Y
EARS IN THE AWARD PRICE FOR CONTRACTS .— Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended by striking ‘‘(including op-tions)’’ each place such term appears. 
SEC. 3. SBA CERTIFICATION PROGRAM NOTIFICA-TION. 
The Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration shall notify the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate when the Administrator has implemented each of the following: (1) A program to certify small business con-cerns owned and controlled by women. (2) A program to certify small business con-cerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans. 
SEC. 4. GAO REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—With respect to the Small Busi-ness Administration’s procurement programs for women-owned small business concerns and for small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an evaluation of the policies and practices used by the Administration and other Federal agencies to provide assurance that contracting officers are properly classifying sole source awards under those programs in the Federal Procure-ment Data System and that sole source con-tracts awarded under those programs are being awarded to eligible concerns. (b) REPORT .—No later than 18 months after the Small Business Administration implements the certification programs described under sec-tion 3, the Comptroller General shall issue a re-port to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate containing the findings made in carrying out the study required under subsection (a). (c) SBA C
ONSIDERATION OF GAO R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall review the report issued under subsection (b) and take such actions as the Administrator may determine ap-propriate to address any concerns raised in such report and any recommendations contained in such report. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—After the review described under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator shall issue a report to the Congress— (A) stating that no additional actions were necessary to address any concerns or rec-ommendations contained in the report; or (B) describing the actions taken by the Ad-ministrator to resolve such concerns or imple-ment such recommendations. 
SEC. 5. REMOVAL OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA-TION UPON IMPLEMENTATION OF CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS. 
Effective upon the notification described under section 3, the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 8(m)— (A) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F); and (B) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F); and (2) in section 36(a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraphs (5) and (6). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Dr. MARSHALL and Mr. S CHNEIDER for their leadership on this bill. The Small Business Act currently al-lows Federal agencies to award sole- source contracts to women-owned; service-disabled veteran-owned; HUBZone; and socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small businesses. However, these awards can only be made in the narrowest of cir-cumstances, rightly protecting the ability of small businesses to compete against each other. Even though Federal contracting of-ficers have this procurement tool in their toolbox, the reality is that small business sole-source contracting is rare and may be underutilized. This can, in part, be attributed to the fact that the maximum dollar threshold for Federal sole-source contracts designated in statute has fallen far behind the typ-ical size of contract awards made today. As contracts increase in size and scope, the usefulness of small business sole-source contracts diminishes, to the detriment of small contractors eli-gible to receive such awards. H.R. 6369, as amended, adjusts the dollar threshold to actually reflect the size of contracts that are commonly used across the government today. This modest change will provide agen-cies with an accessible pathway to achieving their small business goals in categories they have historically been unable to meet. Additionally, and importantly, this bill institutes a new oversight process which will help reduce the chances of sole-source awards being made to ineli-gible firms by requiring positive con-firmation by the Small Business Ad-ministration that this small business is, in fact, eligible to receive the award before it is issued by the Federal agen-cy. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6369, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 6369, the Ex-panding Contracting Opportunities for Small Businesses Act of 2018. The Small Business Act sets forth a government-wide 23 percent goal of Federal contracts that should be awarded to small businesses. Each Fed-eral agency is charged with setting its own small business goals which are to reflect the maximum possible oppor-tunity for small businesses within that agency. By promoting the use of sole-source contracts to small businesses, this bill adds to the government’s pool of sup-pliers. This results in higher-quality goods and increased job creation for the economy as these direct awards re-quire the small businesses to do the majority of the work and not sub-contract out. I urge Members to support this legis-lation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.066 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8812 September 25, 2018 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
AR-
SHALL ), the leader on this particular legislation. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6369, the Expanding Contracting Opportunities for Small Business Act of 2018. Not only will this bill provide oppor-tunities for women-owned, service-dis-abled veteran-owned, HUBZone, and so-cially and economically disadvantaged small businesses, this legislation also helps Federal agencies achieve and ex-ceed their small business goals. Small business sole-source con-tracting can be a valuable tool for both Federal agencies and small businesses, but our current statute is outdated. Federal procurement practices are rapidly changing, and the sole-source authority provided by the Small Busi-ness Act has not kept up with the changes of today’s procurement land-scape. By adjusting the statutory sole- source dollar thresholds, H.R. 6369 incentivizes contracting officers’ use of small business sole-source contracting in order to help agencies swiftly meet their goals. While it is critical that agencies maximize opportunities to small busi-nesses, it is equally important that they have procedures in place to assure that awards are made only to eligible and qualified firms. This bill will apply a new oversight procedure that re-quires agencies to coordinate with the SBA prior to awarding a sole-source contract, ensuring that firms receiving awards are, in fact, qualified and eligi-ble. I am proud of H.R. 6369 and its mis-sion to promote small business growth, strengthen oversight, and incentivize Federal agencies to work with small businesses. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Kansas for introducing this important legislation to provide flexibility to contracting officers when awarding sole-source contracts. H.R. 6369 promotes the use of sole- source contracts to small business con-cerns through the SBA contracting programs by raising the dollar thresh-old of these contract types to account for inflation. This bill will make valu-able strides to a more equitable play-ing field for small contractors. I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides great-er opportunities for women-owned, service-disabled veteran-owned, HUBZone, and socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small businesses. Additionally, it will help Federal agencies achieve and exceed their small business goals. It reinforces over-sight, and gives Federal agencies a greater motivation to work with small firms. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan and common-sense reforms in H.R. 6369, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6369, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
CLARITY ON SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION IN CATEGORY MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6382) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to report certain information to the Congress and to the President, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6382 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarity on Small Business Participation in Category Management Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTING. 
Section 15(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) B
EST IN CLASS SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPA -
TION REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) A
DDENDUM .—The Administrator, in ad-dition to the requirements under paragraph (2), shall include in the report required by such paragraph, for each best in class designation— ‘‘(i) the total amount of spending government wide in such designation; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns awarded contracts and the dollar amount of contracts within such category awarded to each of the following— ‘‘(I) HUBZone small business concerns; ‘‘(II) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women; ‘‘(III) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans; and ‘‘(IV) socially and economically disadvan-taged small business concerns. ‘‘(B) B
EST IN CLASS .—The term ‘best in class’ has the meaning given to it by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The Administrator shall be required to report on the information described by subparagraph (A) beginning on the date that such information is available in the Federal Procurement Data System, the System for Award Management, or any successor to such systems.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank Ms. A
DAMS for leading this important piece of legisla-tion. Category management is a procure-ment initiative that is currently being rolled out across the Federal Govern-ment. It can be a positive tool, allow-ing the Federal Government to better understand its purchasing habits and identify cost savings where appro-priate. However, setting mandatory targets to manage agency spending may result in unintended con-sequences. Specifically, there is concern that this initiative may have the effect of reducing competition to only a few se-lect vendors. As we continue to see in-creased use of these best-in-class vehi-cles by Federal agencies, it is impor-tant to remember that it is not the job of the government to pick winners and losers. We must be vigilant and ensure that maximum opportunities are given to small businesses, even as we con-tinue to pursue cost savings across the Federal Government. H.R. 6382, as amended, takes that critical first step by tracking the po-tential impacts of category manage-ment on small businesses. The bill re-quires the SBA to report exactly how much of these dollars spent through best-in-class vehicles are awarded to small businesses. Obtaining this data and identifying trends or patterns af-fecting small businesses will become increasingly important as category management continues to be used in years to come. This is a commonsense piece of over-sight legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to support the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 6382, the Clarity on Small Business Participa-tion in Category Management Act of 2018. Our committee has long acknowl-edged small businesses’ critical role in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.077 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8813 September 25, 2018 
the $500 billion a year Federal market-place. When small firms are awarded Federal contracts, the result is a win- win. While category management is billed as the strategy to get agencies the low-est price, we have heard the contrary in our committee, in that more con-tracts are being consolidated out of the reach of small businesses. By requiring that contracting activ-ity under this new regime be reported in the annual goaling report from agen-cies to Congress, today’s bill protects the industrial base by creating a mech-anism for much needed accountability. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 6382, and commend Congresswoman A
DAMS for her work to provide ac-countability to the category manage-ment regime. I urge Members to support this legis-lation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), who is the sponsor of the bill and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight and Regulations. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 6382, the Clar-ity on Small Business Participation in Category Management Act. Small businesses are the heart of American enterprise, and we must en-sure a level playing field for all of them to compete for Federal contracts. My legislation is the first step to ad-dressing the many concerns of the small business community regarding the current administration’s efforts to expand the use of category manage-ment. Although category management has been billed as the procurement strat-egy that can get Federal agencies the lowest price, the actual numbers tell a very different story. In fact, the data shows us that small business vendors on the Multiple Award Schedule con-tinually provided agencies with lower prices than those offered by category management contract holders. However, due to the changes under this administration, many Federal agencies and contracting officers can no longer take advantage of increased competition and lower prices because some category management vehicles are the only option available. Unfortunately, the current trend of this administration is to increase the number of agencies heading in this misguided direction. This will result in wasteful spending of taxpayer dollars because a reduction of competing ven-dors means Federal agencies will pay more than necessary for goods and services. Furthermore, the harmful effect of the use of the category management business model could mean further ex-clusion of minorities, women, veterans, and other already disadvantaged small business owners in the Federal market-place. My bill requires the Small Business Administration to include in their an-nual report information on best-in- class contractors, which are the com-panies that largely benefit from cat-egory management. This bill would also provide law-makers with information on whether category management is reducing the role of small firms, women-owned firms, minority-owned companies, and veteran-owned enterprises in Federal contracting. I am also proud to say that my bill is endorsed by the National Defense In-dustrial Association, an association whose 1,600 corporate members and over 85,000 individual members are 70 percent small business. NDIA works to help small companies grow and remain a strong part of the defense industrial base. The ability for Congress to see this data allows us to determine the effec-tiveness of such contracting vehicles for small firms and to make needed changes where appropriate. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this legislation. I thank very much our chairman and our ranking member for their support. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) for intro-ducing this important piece of legisla-tion to provide much needed oversight of small business participation in the streamlined acquisition strategy known as category management. Mr. Speaker, I urge all the Members to support this important piece of leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ms. A
DAMS for her leadership on this measure and congratulate her for its passage here shortly. This legislation raises the profile of this important issue and requires that the SBA keep track of how much Fed-eral spending is made through best-in- class vehicles. I applaud the adminis-tration for looking for ways to ensure taxpayer dollars are utilized in the most efficient ways possible. At the same time, we must be watch-ful to safeguard small businesses’ prop-er importance and place in the Federal marketplace. Enacting this legislation will help ensure that the correct data is collected and reported to help main-tain that balance. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6382, the ‘‘Clarity on Small Business Participation in Category Manage-ment Act of 2018’’. H.R. 6382 amends the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration to report certain informa-tion to the Congress and to the President. This bill directs the administrator of the Small Business Administration to report to congress on: the total amount of spending government wide in such designation; the number of small business concerns awarded contracts and the dollar amount of contracts within such category awarded to each of the following— 1. HUBZone small business concerns; 2. Small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women; 3. Small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans; and 4. Socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns. More than 99 percent of Houston’s busi-nesses are considered small. In 2016, roughly seven businesses in the Houston District received a loan averaging $500,000 each weekday. Small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy in Houston and across America. Small business was key for the nation’s re-covery from the recession. Between the middle of 2009 and the middle of 2013, 60 percent of the jobs created were from small businesses. I am committed to producing tangible results in suffering communities through legislation that creates jobs, fosters minority business op-portunities, and builds a foundation for the fu-ture. Studies have shown that supporting small businesses is good for the American econ-omy. For every $1 invested, small businesses will contribute $7 to the economy. Every American deserves the right to be gainfully employed or own a successful busi-ness and I know we are all committed to that right and will not rest until all Americans have access to economic opportunity. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6382, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 791) to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small busi-nesses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 791 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Innovation Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the SBA; (2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.079 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8814 September 25, 2018 
(3) the term ‘‘SBA’’ means the Small Busi-ness Administration; (4) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)); (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648); and (6) the term ‘‘USPTO’’ means the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the USPTO and the SBA are positioned to— (A) build upon several successful intellec-tual property and training programs aimed at small business concerns; and (B) increase the availability of and the par-ticipation in the programs described in sub-paragraph (A) across the United States; and (2) any education and training program ad-ministered by the USPTO and the SBA should be scalable so that the program is able to reach more small business concerns. 
SEC. 4. SBA AND USPTO PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Director, shall develop partnership agreements that— (1) provide for the— (A) development of high-quality training, including in-person or modular training ses-sions, for small business concerns relating to domestic and international protection of in-tellectual property; (B) leveraging of training materials al-ready developed for the education of inven-tors and small business concerns; and (C) participation of a nongovernmental or-ganization; and (2) provide training— (A) through electronic resources, including Internet-based webinars; and (B) at physical locations, including— (i) a small business development center; and (ii) the headquarters or a regional office of the USPTO. 
SEC. 5. SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN-TERS. 
Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) in conjunction with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, providing training— ‘‘(i) to small business concerns relating to— ‘‘(I) domestic and international intellec-tual property protections; and ‘‘(II) how the protections described in sub-clause (I) should be considered in the busi-ness plans and growth strategies of the small business concerns; and ‘‘(ii) that may be delivered— ‘‘(I) in person; or ‘‘(II) through a website.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 791, the Small Business Innova-tion Protection Act of 2017. As small-business entrepreneurs con-tinue to expand both here and abroad, they must have the tools they need to protect their intellectual property. However, the process for obtaining in-tellectual property protections both in the U.S. and abroad can be daunting, even for the most experienced small- business owner. We must ensure that small-business owners have the tools they need to pro-tect their innovative ideas and prod-ucts, as intellectual property protec-tions are essential to promoting entre-preneurship and innovation. Small-business owners often do not have the resources to protect their ideas and products, especially when they are competing in the inter-national marketplace. Most simply cannot afford to retain attorneys to guide them through the difficult proc-ess of obtaining intellectual property protections, which leaves them vulner-able to their innovative ideas and prod-ucts being stolen both here in the United States and internationally. This legislation addresses this issue by developing a partnership between the Small Business Administration, the SBA, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office, USPTO, giving entrepreneurs the full breadth of knowledge of a Small Business Devel-opment Center system and the USPTO. The bill utilizes existing resources at both agencies to better assist small- business owners and expand their out-reach efforts to provide small busi-nesses with the resources they need to address intellectual property issues. Considering the important role that small-business entrepreneurs play in our global marketplace, it is our re-sponsibility to ensure that they have the resources they need to better pro-tect their intellectual property. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CHABOT , I write with re-spect to S. 791, the ‘‘Small Business Innova-tion Protection Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions with-in S. 791 that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of S. 791 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to S. 791 and would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of S. 791. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : In reference to your letter of September 20, 2018, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regard-ing S. 791, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate the House Committee on the Judiciary’s waiver of consideration of provi-sions under its jurisdiction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowl-edge that the waiver was granted only to ex-pedite floor consideration of S. 791 and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdictional interests over this or similar legislation. I will support a request from the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary for appointment to any House-Senate conference on S. 791 or similar legislation. Again, thank you for your assistance with these matters. Sincerely, S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 791, the Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017. Innovation is an indispensable ele-ment driving economic growth and en-suring America’s competitive edge in the global marketplace. In fact, it is so important that studies show the IP in-dustry supports an estimated 30 per-cent of all jobs and contributes over $6 trillion to U.S. GDP. While many entrepreneurs under-stand the benefits of holding IP rights, just as many do not know where to start or how to protect their ideas overseas. The USPTO reported that just 15 percent of small businesses that conduct overseas business understand they need to file for IP protection abroad. This bill addresses the problem by creating a partnership between the two agencies best suited to take on this mission: the SBA and USPTO. By leveraging existing IP education and training programs, and utilizing the immense network of SBDCs, small firms will have all the resources to bet-ter protect their interests both domes-tically and internationally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.074 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8815 September 25, 2018 
I applaud Senator P ETERS and Rep-resentative E
VANS for recognizing the problem and working to advance the interests of our Nation’s small busi-nesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 791 is the Senate counterpart to legislation spearheaded on the House side by Mr. E
VANS and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , both of Pennsylvania. Once again, it is bipartisan legislation coming out of the Small Business Com-mittee. That bill, H.R. 2655, was also reported unanimously out of our committee this spring. I commend them on their work on this important issue. This legislation helps small busi-nesses receive better access to edu-cation and training opportunities both domestically and abroad. A partnership between the Small Business Administration and the USPTO would help more small-business owners learn how they can use intellec-tual property to protect their ideas and products. This important partnership between the two agencies will help to reach more small-business owners and better prepare them for doing business both here and abroad. It is vital that small-business owners have as many tools and resources as possible to help protect their innova-tive ideas from intellectual property theft. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, in line with the bills we are debating today, this recognizes the special place small firms have in America’s economy and provides them a simple tool to pro-tect themselves and their ideas. Today’s bill leverages the current role of the USPTO and SBA to educate and protect innovative entrepreneurs at home and abroad. Doing so is para-mount to remaining the global leader in innovation. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the ranking member—the chairman, Mr. C
HABOT , and the staff of both the minority and the majority side. It has been a great pleasure working on these nine bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would just advise the gentlewoman not to get ahead of herself there. It ain’t hap-pened yet, and I don’t think it is going to happen. But nonetheless, we have had a wonderful working relationship over the years. I have been the chair; I have been the ranking member. The gentlewoman from New York has been the chair and the ranking member. We would like to keep it just the way it is now, but we will see in about 6 weeks. Mr. Speaker, I have already given the closing statement, so I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 791. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STUDY OF UNDERREPRESENTED CLASSES CHASING ENGINEERING AND SCIENCE SUCCESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6758) to direct the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participation of women and minorities in entrepreneurship ac-tivities and the patent system, to ex-tend by 8 years the Patent and Trade-mark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6758 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Study of Under-represented Classes Chasing Engineering and Science Success Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SUCCESS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Patents and other forms of intellectual property are important engines of innovation, invention, and economic growth. (2) Many innovative small businesses, which create over 20 percent of the total number of new jobs created in the United States each year, depend on patent protections to commercialize new technologies. (3) Universities and their industry partners also rely on patent protections to transfer inno-vative new technologies from the laboratory or classroom to commercial use. (4) Recent studies have shown that there is a significant gap in the number of patents applied for and obtained by women and minorities. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States has the respon-sibility to work with the private sector to close the gap in the number of patents applied for and obtained by women and minorities to har-ness the maximum innovative potential and con-tinue to promote United States leadership in the global economy. 
SEC. 3. REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Director, in consultation with the Administrator and any other head of an appropriate agency, shall conduct a study that— (1) identifies publicly available data on the number of patents annually applied for and ob-tained by, and the benefits of increasing the number of patents applied for and obtained by women, minorities, and veterans and small busi-nesses owned by women, minorities, and vet-erans; and (2) provides legislative recommendations for how to— (A) promote the participation of women, mi-norities, and veterans in entrepreneurship ac-tivities; and (B) increase the number of women, minorities, and veterans who apply for and obtain patents. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committees on the Judiciary and Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a report on the results of the study con-ducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF FEE-SETTING AUTHORITY. 
Section 10(i)(2) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112–29; 125 Stat. 319; 35 U.S.C. 41 note) is amended by striking ‘‘7-year’’ and inserting ‘‘15-year’’. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means a de-partment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government. (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 6758, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6758, the SUCCESS Act. Back in 2011, I was one of five Mem-bers of Congress who cosponsored the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act that the President eventually signed into law. In it, a provision was included to provide the Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office with the authority to set fees to cover the cost of examining patent applica-tions and registering trademarks. Today, as a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I recog-nize the need to extend that authority another 8 years. The PTO plays a critical role in the development of new technologies. The agency operates on fees it collects from patent and trademark applicants. To ensure that the PTO has the resources it needs to properly examine patent ap-plications and register trademarks to study the issue of patenting by women, minority, and veteran entrepreneurs, and to perform the countless other ac-tivities it undertakes that are essential to maintaining America’s competitive-ness, Congress needs to reauthorize the PTO’s authority to adjust its fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.083 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8816 September 25, 2018 
Additionally, we need to ensure that every American with a great new idea has access to the tools necessary for success in order for our Nation to real-ize its full potential and to secure an even brighter economic future for our-selves and our children. The SUCCESS Act helps us achieve that goal by requiring that the PTO provide recommendations to Congress on how to increase the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in en-trepreneurship activities in the patent system. While American ingenuity is unparal-leled, recent reports indicate that we have not tapped into all that the Amer-ican people have to offer. Those reports indicate that while U.S. women earn almost half of all undergraduate de-grees in science and engineering, and an estimated 39 percent of all new Ph.D.s in those fields, it appears that only between 10 percent and 20 percent of innovators listed on patents are women. A 2017 study showed that racial minorities fair even worse. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this op-portunity to thank Representatives C
OMSTOCK and A DAMS for introducing language that served as the inspiration for the study included in H.R. 6758. I want to also thank my fellow members on the Judiciary and Small Business Committees for being original cospon-sors of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself as much time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be the lead Democratic cosponsor of H.R. 6758, the SUCCESS Act. This bill takes the important step of extending for 8 more years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set its own fees. It is a timely bill, and it is a timely time that we are passing this bill, because the fee-setting au-thority for the USPTO expired on Sep-tember 16 of 2018. This bill will allow the USPTO to have the ability to set the amount it charges for each of the services it pro-vides to patent and trademark appli-cants. b1815 The ability to set its fees will also help the USPTO with its long-term planning. The fees are set to recover aggregate estimate costs of the patent and trademark operations, including all administrative costs. This bill would renew the USPTO’s fee-setting authority consistent with the framework of the America Invents Act, which was enacted in 2011. Section 29 of the America Invents Act called for the Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office to ‘‘es-tablish methods for studying the diver-sity of patent applicants, including those applicants who are minorities, women, or veterans.’’ This bill directs the Director of the USPTO, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration, to conduct a study on the number of patents annually applied for and obtained by U.S. women, minori-ties, and veterans. The study would provide recommendations to promote the participation of women and minori-ties in entrepreneurship and in the pat-ent system. This data is necessary so Congress and the public can fully understand the demographic nature of the patent ap-plicant pool. This study will be critical in developing policies to help underrep-resented groups engage in entrepre-neurial activities that are the back-bone of our American economy. Women, racial minorities, and low- income individuals are significantly underrepresented in the innovation ecosystem. For example, the Institute for Women’s Policy Research reported in 2016 less than 20 percent of U.S. pat-ents listed one or more women as in-ventors, and under 8 percent listed a woman as the primary inventor. The exclusion of women, minorities, and other underserved communities is beneficial not just for inventors, but for the business sector as well. For these reasons, I am proud to co-sponsor this bill. I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6758, the SUCCESS Act. As the world’s leader for innovation and entrepreneurship, the United States has historically been a breeding ground for the best ideas and creative approaches that improve our quality of life and solve some of the world’s most complex problems. However, currently, women, people of color, and low-in-come communities hold significantly fewer patents than other demo-graphics. A recent study even showed that children born to parents in the top 1 percent of income are 10 times more likely to become an innovator and hold a patent than those born into low-in-come families. Innovation should not be a skill set only available to the superrich or those with the most re-sources. The SUCCESS Act is an important first step to better understanding why the patent gaps exist. It will take a collective effort to create a more equi-table system. With data collected via the SUCCESS Act, timely research and the number of programs across the Na-tion addressing underrepresentation, the Federal Government can better promote policies that increase the op-portunity for those underrepresented groups to successfully qualify. I strongly believe that it is our duty to ensure that all people have an equal opportunity to compete for patents and participate in the innovation economy. The future of American innovation is diverse, and the SUCCESS Act will help us begin to close the gap in pat-enting and ensure that all innovators, creatives, and patent seekers have a seat at the table. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am again asking that my col-leagues support this very commonsense bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close, and I will be very brief. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his hard work on this legislation. We worked together on a number of bills in the past, and I really do appreciate the bipartisan effort in this area. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6758, the SUCCESS Act. This bipartisan legislation would direct the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the Small Business Administration to study the underrepresentation of women, minorities, and veterans among patent holders. It would also require the agencies to recommend legislative solutions for increasing participation by these underrepresented groups in entrepreneurship activities, and increasing the number of them who apply for and obtain patents. The SUCCESS Act would provide an impor-tant first step toward narrowing the race and gender gap among patent holders. One study estimated that per capita GDP could grow 4.6 percent if more women and African Americans were included in the initial stages of the inno-vation process. It also found that exposure to innovation during childhood has an important impact on a person’s desire to become an in-ventor. That makes it critical that young peo-ple have diverse role models in all fields of study. The bill was strengthened, in the Judiciary Committee, by the Gentleman from Illinois, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , whose amendment added vet-erans to the list of underrepresented groups that will be studied. Promoting greater inclu-sion in the innovation ecosystem is good for our economy and good for underserved com-munities, and I am pleased to support the bill. The SUCCESS Act would also extend the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office’s fee setting authority for eight years. Since this authority was first granted to the PTO under the Amer-ica Invents Act, seven years ago, it has helped put the agency on solid financial foot-ing, and it has enabled the PTO to continue performing the important work of protecting Americans’ intellectual property. I appreciate the leadership of Mr. C
HABOT  and Mr. J
OHNSON , the sponsors of this bill, and the other bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation. I want to particularly thank Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , the Ranking Member of the Small Business Committee, for all that she has done to bring attention to the lack of diversity among patent holders, and to the important issues highlighted in this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.085 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8817 September 25, 2018 
I look forward to continuing to work with her, and the other bill sponsors to advance not only this legislation, but also other measures to address the underrepresentation of women, minorities, and veterans within the innovation ecosystem. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6758, the ‘‘Study of Underrepresented Classes Chasing Engineer-ing and Science Success Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 6758, also known as the SUCCESS Act, provides recommendations to promote the participation of women and minorities in entre-preneurship and the patent system. H.R. 6758 extends, by eight years, the Pat-ent and Trademark Office’s authority to set its own fees. As the legislation declares, it is the sense of Congress that the United States has the re-sponsibility to work with the private sector to close the gap in the number of patents applied for and obtained by women and minorities to harness the maximum innovative potential and continue to promote United States leadership in the global economy. H.R. 6758 requires the Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Small Business Administration to con-duct a study that identifies publicly available data on the number of patents annually ap-plied for and obtained by, and the benefits of increasing the number of women and minority businesses owned by women and minorities. The study directed by this bill will guide the legislative recommendations for how to pro-mote the participation of women and minorities in entrepreneurship activities and for how to increase the number of women and minorities who apply for and obtain patents. Additionally, H.R. 6758: Requires the study conducted under section 3(a) to be submitted to the Committees on the Judiciary and Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committees on the Judiciary and Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate within one year of the date of enactment of the Act; and Extends, for eight years, the authority for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to set its own fees under Section 10(i)(2) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. The Institute for Women’s Policy Research reported that in 2016, less than 20 percent of U.S. patents listed one or more women as in-ventors, and under eight percent listed a woman as the primary inventor. In 2017, the Equality of Opportunity Project found that white children are three times more likely to become inventors than black children, and that children from wealthy families are ten times more likely to have filed for a patent than children from families below the median income. One study estimates that GDP per capita could rise up to 4.6 percent with the inclusion of more women and African Americans in the initial stages of the process of innovation. These statistics prove that we need more activity and involvement from a diverse pool of entrepreneurs and inventors. I urge all Members to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 6758. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6758, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepre-neurship activities and the patent sys-tem, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
ASHANTI ALERT ACT OF 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5075) to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans through-out the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5075 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ashanti Alert Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
ISSING ADULT .—The term ‘‘missing adult’’ means an individual who— (A) is older than the age for which an AMBER alert may be issued in the State in which the individual is identified as a miss-ing person; (B) is identified by a law enforcement agency as a missing person; and (C) meets the requirements to be des-ignated as a missing adult, as determined by the State in which the individual is identi-fied as a missing person. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) A
SHANTI ALERT .—The term ‘‘Ashanti Alert’’ means an alert issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network, re-lated to a missing adult. 
SEC. 3. ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET-WORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, subject to the availability of appro-priations, establish a national communica-tions network, to be known as the Ashanti Alert communications network, within the Department of Justice to provide assistance to regional and local search efforts for miss-ing adults through the initiation, facilita-tion, and promotion of local elements of the network (referred to in this Act as ‘‘Ashanti Alert plans’’), in coordination with States, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities with expertise in providing services to adults. (b) I
NTEGRATION WITHBLUEALERT COMMU -
NICATIONS NETWORK .—In establishing the Ashanti Alert communications network under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall integrate the Ashanti Alert commu-nications network into the Blue Alert com-munications network established under the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015 (34 U.S.C. 50501 et seq.), to maximize the efficiency of both net-works. SEC. 4. ASHANTI ALERT COORDINATOR. 
(a) N ATIONAL COORDINATOR WITHIN DEPART -
MENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attorney General shall designate an individual of the Depart-ment of Justice to act as the national coor-dinator of the Ashanti Alert communica-tions network. The individual so designated shall be known as the Ashanti Alert Coordi-nator of the Department of Justice (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Coordinator’’). (b) D
UTIES OF THE COORDINATOR .—In acting as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network, the Coordi-nator shall— (1) work with States to encourage the de-velopment of additional Ashanti Alert plans in the network; (2) establish voluntary guidelines for States to use in developing Ashanti Alert plans that will promote compatible and inte-grated Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, including— (A) a list of the resources necessary to es-tablish an Ashanti Alert plan; (B) criteria for evaluating whether a situa-tion warrants issuing an Ashanti Alert, tak-ing into consideration the need for the use of such Alerts to be limited in scope because the effectiveness of the Ashanti Alert com-munications network may be affected by overuse, including criteria to determine— (i) whether the mental capacity of an adult who is missing, and the circumstances of his or her disappearance, warrant the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; and (ii) whether the individual who reports that an adult is missing is an appropriate and credible source on which to base the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; (C) a description of the appropriate uses of the Ashanti Alert name to readily identify the nature of search efforts for missing adults; and (D) recommendations on how to protect the privacy, dignity, independence, and au-tonomy of any missing adult who may be the subject of an Ashanti Alert; (3) develop proposed protocols for efforts to recover missing adults and to reduce the number of adults who are reported missing, including protocols for procedures that are needed from the time of initial notification of a law enforcement agency that the adult is missing through the time of the return of the adult to family, guardian, or domicile, as appropriate, including— (A) public safety communications protocol; (B) case management protocol; (C) command center operations; (D) reunification protocol; and (E) incident review, evaluation, debriefing, and public information procedures; (4) work with States to ensure appropriate regional coordination of various elements of the network; (5) establish an advisory group to assist States, units of local government, law en-forcement agencies, and other entities in-volved in the Ashanti Alert communications network with initiating, facilitating, and promoting Ashanti Alert plans, which shall include— (A) to the maximum extent practicable, representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and (B) members who are— (i) representatives of adult citizen advo-cacy groups, law enforcement agencies, and public safety communications; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.086 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8818 September 25, 2018 
(ii) broadcasters, first responders, dis-patchers, and radio station personnel; and (iii) representatives of any other individ-uals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the Ashanti Alert communications network; and (6) act as the nationwide point of contact for— (A) the development of the network; and (B) regional coordination of alerts for missing adults through the network. (c) C
OORDINATION .— (1) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .— The Coordinator shall coordinate and con-sult with the Secretary of Transportation, the Federal Communications Commission, the Assistant Secretary for Aging of the De-partment of Health and Human Services, and other appropriate offices of the Department of Justice in carrying out activities under this Act. (2) S
TATE AND LOCAL COORDINATION .—The Coordinator shall consult with local broad-casters and State and local law enforcement agencies in establishing minimum standards under section 5 and in carrying out other ac-tivities under this Act, as appropriate. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on the ac-tivities of the Coordinator and the effective-ness and status of the Ashanti Alert plans of each State that has established or is in the process of establishing such a plan. Each such report shall include— (1) a list of States that have established Ashanti Alert plans; (2) a list of States that are in the process of establishing Ashanti Alert plans; (3) for each State that has established such a plan, to the extent the data is available— (A) the number of Ashanti Alerts issued; (B) the number of individuals located suc-cessfully; (C) the average period of time between the issuance of an Ashanti Alert and the loca-tion of the individual for whom such Alert was issued; (D) the State agency or authority issuing Ashanti Alerts, and the process by which Ashanti Alerts are disseminated; (E) the cost of establishing and operating such a plan; (F) the criteria used by the State to deter-mine whether to issue an Ashanti Alert; and (G) the extent to which missing individuals for whom Ashanti Alerts were issued crossed State lines; (4) actions States have taken to protect the privacy and dignity of the individuals for whom Ashanti Alerts are issued; (5) ways that States have facilitated and improved communication about missing in-dividuals between families, caregivers, law enforcement officials, and other authorities; and (6) any other information the Coordinator determines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 5. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR ISSUANCE AND DISSEMINATION OF ALERTS THROUGH ASHANTI ALERT COMMU-NICATIONS NETWORK. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MINIMUM STAND -
ARDS .—Subject to subsection (b), the Coordi-nator shall establish minimum standards for— (1) the issuance of alerts through the Ashanti Alert communications network; and (2) the extent of the dissemination of alerts issued through the network. (b) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—The min-imum standards established under sub-section (a) of this section, and any other guidelines and programs established under section 4, shall be adoptable on a voluntary basis only. (2) DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The minimum standards shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Co-ordinator in consultation with State and local law enforcement agencies), provide that appropriate information relating to the special needs of a missing adult (including health care needs) are disseminated to the appropriate law enforcement, public health, and other public officials. (3) G
EOGRAPHIC AREAS .—The minimum standards shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordi-nator in consultation with State and local law enforcement agencies), provide that the dissemination of an alert through the Ashanti Alert communications network be limited to the geographic areas which the missing adult could reasonably reach, con-sidering the missing adult’s circumstances and physical and mental condition, the modes of transportation available to the missing adult, and the circumstances of the disappearance. (4) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The minimum standards shall include requirements that the missing person— (A) suffers from a proven mental or phys-ical disability, as documented by a source determined credible to an appropriate law enforcement entity; or (B) is missing under circumstances that in-dicate, as determined by an appropriate law enforcement entity— (i) that the person’s physical safety may be endangered; or (ii) that the person’s disappearance may not have been voluntary, including an abduc-tion or kidnapping. (5) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTEC -
TIONS .—The minimum standards shall— (A) ensure that alerts issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local privacy laws and regulations; and (B) include standards that specifically pro-vide for the protection of the civil liberties and sensitive medical information of missing adults. (6) S
TATE AND LOCAL VOLUNTARY COORDINA -
TION.—In carrying out the activities under subsection (a), the Coordinator may not interfere with the current system of vol-untary coordination between local broad-casters and State and local law enforcement agencies for purposes of the Ashanti Alert communications network. 
SEC. 6. TRAINING AND EDUCATIONAL PRO-GRAMS. 
The Coordinator shall make available to States, units of local government, law en-forcement agencies, and other concerned en-tities that are involved in initiating, facili-tating, or promoting Ashanti Alert plans, in-cluding broadcasters, first responders, dis-patchers, public safety communications per-sonnel, and radio station personnel— (1) training and educational programs re-lated to the Ashanti Alert communications network and the capabilities, limitations, and anticipated behaviors of missing adults, which shall be updated regularly to encour-age the use of new tools, technologies, and resources in Ashanti Alert plans; and (2) informational materials, including bro-chures, videos, posters, and web sites to sup-port and supplement such training and edu-cational programs. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $3,000,000 to carry out the Ashanti Alert communications network as authorized under this Act for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2022. 
SEC. 8. EMERGENCY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT ASSISTANCE. 
Section 609Y(a) of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 50112(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 5075, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we will vote today on H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. This bill establishes a national alert network for missing adults at the De-partment of Justice. It will allow law enforcement to coordinate the use of communication systems to alert the public that an adult is missing. In order to issue an alert, the missing adult must either suffer from a proven mental or physical disability, or law enforcement must certify the person’s physical safety may be in danger, or their disappearance was not voluntary. This Ashanti national alert network will be integrated into the existing Blue Alert system. The Blue Alert sys-tem issues alerts to notify the public of nearby suspects or threats to their community’s law enforcement officials. This legislation will also allow the Attorney General to designate a na-tional coordinator to work with States to establish alert systems for missing adults and to develop voluntary guide-lines States may use in creating their networks. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank S
COTT T
AYLOR for introducing this legisla-tion. We appreciate Mr. T
AYLOR being here today and appreciate his leader-ship in this effort. I ask my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me say to the man-ager of this bill that I am delighted to stand with him on this very important legislative initiative. Having been in this body for a period of time, I am re-minded of the AMBER Alert. I was here when it was initiated and passed by my friend Martin Frost, who was formerly in this body. And then I believe a lot of work was done on the Silver Alert by our colleague M
AXINE WATERS . We all worked together, I remember, on amendments in the House Judiciary Committee on these very issues. So I rise in support of H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. It is a com-monsense initiative to realize that whoever is missing, we need to help find those individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.087 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8819 September 25, 2018 
This bill seeks to establish a national communications network within the Department of Justice to help locate missing adults by providing assistance to regional and local search efforts. For our colleagues, obviously, the AMBER Alert dealt with children, and the Silver Alert dealt with senior citi-zens over, I believe, the age of 65. This bill would initiate, facilitate, and pro-mote Ashanti Alert plans in coordina-tion with States, units of local govern-ment, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities with expertise in providing services to adults. These are laudable goals and, as a Congress, ones which we have a duty to facili-tate. As of December 31, 2017, the National Crime Information Center database in-cluded records of 55,968 missing adults. In my own hometown, in the last 3 weeks, two adults went missing who were brother and sister. First, the brother went missing, and there was absolutely no sign of that individual. The sister went to look for that indi-vidual, and, of course, then they were both missing. Tragically, we found, ultimately, that a relative had disposed of and killed both of them. If we had an alert system, maybe we would have been able to find them sooner. In fact, many adults go missing each year who are not found until it is too late. Such was the case after whom this bill was named, Ashanti Billie. At 19 years of age, she was abducted from her workplace in Virginia, taken across State lines, and later found dead in North Carolina. Ashanti Billie was too old for the issuance of an AMBER Alert on her behalf and too young for a Silver Alert. This bill fills in the gap for people like Ashanti Billie, missing adults be-tween the ages of 18 and 64, and it does so in coordination with the Blue Alert communications network, which Con-gress established. The Blue Alert estab-lishes a nationwide network of Blue Alerts to warn about threats to police officers and help track down the sus-pects who carry them out. While drawing on the Blue Alert Net-work, the Ashanti Alert Act requires implementing jurisdictions to the es-tablished plans and includes minimum standards and resources that help in this case. Had these resources been available when Ashanti was abducted, she may still be here with us today. For these reasons, I support this leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act, named for Ashanti Billie, who was tragically taken from this world too soon last September at the hands of a violent criminal. And so now we have under-taken this action with this bill, a bi-partisan one, because this is not a par-tisan issue. The United States does not currently have an alert system for missing adults. If a child or a senior citizen goes missing, law enforcement is au-thorized to broadcast alerts on major channels or radio stations, and partici-pating citizens share alerts across so-cial media platforms, bringing much- needed attention and resources to bear. But still, no such alert exists for miss-ing adults ages 18 to 65. History shows that programs like the AMBER Alert are successful and help save lives. In 2016 alone, there were 179 AMBER Alerts issued in the United States. Over 85 of those cases resulted in recovery, and 43 of them were the di-rect result of an AMBER Alert. These programs are proven to work, and with the Ashanti Alert, we can close the gap, better protect our family, friends, and neighbors, and save lives with a legacy given to us by Ashanti Billie’s sacrifice. Like other alert systems, the Ashanti Alert lets law enforcement use the tools at their disposal to broadcast information about missing adults on such things as TV, radio, and social media. It also sets a minimum stand-ard for issuing alerts: one, the person suffers from a proven mental or phys-ical disability; two, if law enforcement believes their physical safety is in dan-ger; or three, if they believe their dis-appearance may not have been vol-untary. The Ashanti Alert also integrates with the Blue Alert Network instead of AMBER so that information about missing adults and children are kept separate. This ensures that law en-forcement efforts are not duplicated, which could mean the difference be-tween locating a person and saving them. The Commonwealth of Virginia, has already taken steps to address this issue. Last April, the Governor signed a bill into law in honor of Ashanti that establishes a statewide alert system for missing adults. But in order to save lives, the search for missing adults cannot end at a State line. Indeed, according to the FBI’s Na-tional Crime Information Center, there are still over 55,000 missing adults in this country. This is a national chal-lenge, and it most definitely demands a national response. Mr. Speaker, Ashanti Billie was a beautiful, young Black woman with a beaming smile. She was a hard worker. She would wake up before sunrise and head to the naval base and start her job. At night, she attended culinary classes at the Virginia Beach Art Insti-tute. She had hopes and dreams and as-pirations, and she was passionate about life and brought that positive energy to everyone who met her. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago today, early in the morning, I met with local con-stituents, Kimberly Wimbush and Mi-chael Muhammad; the Billie family— parents, Tony and Brandy; and Dyotha Sweat from the NAACP. Being military veterans themselves, the Billie family didn’t understand how this could hap-pen. They were confused and very much worried. b1830 Their young daughter, Ashanti, was missing, abducted from the Little Creek naval base. Mr. Speaker, I knew right then that fateful morning, in my gut and in my heart, that this family would soon re-ceive some tragic news. I knew this family and these friends needed my help. My heart and my team’s hearts were with them. Mr. Speaker, there are no words, no wishes, or no whispers that can bring back or ease the Billie family burden. But make no mistake about it, no amount of darkness can ever keep out a bright light. I may have met with a shaken family that day, but on this day, they sit be-fore us today, in this Chamber, strong, determined, and ready to solidify Ashanti’s legacy. Today’s vote on Ashanti’s legacy will give law enforcement all across our great Nation a new tool to bring re-sources to bear to locate missing adults who may be in danger, and will, no doubt, save lives. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues’ support. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire if the gentleman has any further speakers. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. It was my under-standing that the gentlewoman would like to participate in a colloquy. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. CHABOT. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that H.R. 5075 does not explicitly include Native American tribes in the missing adult communica-tions network that the bill would es-tablish. It is my understanding that this network would be established and implemented by the same office at the Department of Justice that imple-ments the Blue Alert system, which in-cludes outreach to tribal partners to educate them on that network. I would like to confirm with the chairman that it is the intent of Con-gress that this same outreach to tribes be conducted with respect to the miss-ing adult communications network. Mr. CHABOT. The gentlewoman is correct. This outreach to tribes shall be conducted in the same manner as the Blue Alert program, yes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the re-mainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me thank the proponent of this legislation, Mr. T
AYLOR , for a very thoughtful initia-tive, one that is needed. It is tragic when we lose our constituents, but more importantly, when the families lose their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion. By coordinating with existing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.088 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8820 September 25, 2018 
networks, H.R. 5075 will facilitate the establishment of a communications network for alerts concerning missing adults and have an impact far beyond what it will take to establish it. I am heartened by Mr. C
HABOT ’s clar-ification that this bill is intended to extend to tribal entities and Native American reservations. This past May, we commemorated the second National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls to bring awareness about how this problem specifically af-fects Native American communities. I am hopeful that this bill can help ad-dress this very serious problem, and the overall bill that addresses the need for families to find their loved ones after the ages of children and before the ages of senior citizen. We can al-ways do more to help local missing adults and to save them. There are families in my district right now who are suffering from the loss of their brother or sister. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5075, the ‘‘Ashanti Alert Act of 2018.’’ This bill seeks to establish a national com-munications network within the Department of Justice to help locate missing adults by pro-viding assistance to regional and local search efforts. The bill would initiate, facilitate, and promote Ashanti Alert plans in coordination with states, units of local government, law en-forcement agencies, and other concerned enti-ties with expertise in providing services to adults. These are laudable goals and, as a Con-gress, ones which we have a duty to facilitate. As of December 31, 2017, the National Crime Information Center database included records of 55,968 missing adults. In fact, many adults go missing each year who are not found—until it is too late. Such was the case of the young woman after whom this bill is named—Ashanti Billie. At 19 years of age, she was abducted from her workplace in Virginia, taken across state lines, and later found dead in North Carolina. Ashanti Billie was too old for the issuance of an Amber Alert on her behalf, and too young for a Silver Alert. The Ashanti Alert Act seeks to fill in the gap for people like Ashanti Billie—missing adults between the ages of 18 and 64. And it does so in coordination with the Blue Alert Commu-nications Network, which Congress estab-lished in 2015, under the Blue Alert Act. The Blue Alert Act established a nationwide net-work of ‘‘blue alerts’’ to warn about threats to police officers and help track down the sus-pects who carry them out. While drawing on the Blue Alert network, the Ashanti Alert Act requires implementing ju-risdictions to establish plans that include min-imum standards to ensure that resources are used adequately, accurately and efficiently. Had these resources been available when Ashanti Billie was abducted, she may still be here today. For all these reasons, I enthusiastically sup-port this legislation and encourage my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation. By coordinating with existing networks, H.R. 5075 will facilitate the establishment of a commu-nications network for alerts concerning missing adults and have an impact far beyond what it will take to establish it. And I am heartened by Mr. Goodlatte’s clari-fication that this bill is intended to extend to tribal entities and Native American reserva-tions. This past May, we commemorated the sec-ond National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls—to bring awareness about how this problem spe-cifically affects Native American communities. I am hopeful that this bill can help address this very serious problem. We can always do more to help locate miss-ing adults and to save lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, on behalf of all Members of the House, I would like to offer my condolences to the family of Ashanti. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
AYLOR for his leadership in proposing this very important legislation. Hopefully, other people will benefit from its passage. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5075, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 6368, de novo; H.R. 6369, de novo; H.R. 6735, de novo. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
ENCOURAGING SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 6368) to encourage R&D small business set-asides, to encourage SBIR and STTR participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Ad-ministration’s mentor-protege pro-gram, to promote the use of inter-agency contracts, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 6, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 400] YEAS—389 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.090 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8821 September 25, 2018 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—6 
Amash Biggs Burgess Grothman Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—33 
Allen Barletta Bishop (UT) Blackburn Brady (PA) Capuano Cartwright Castro (TX) Clay Cummings Davis, Danny Deutch Dingell Ellison Eshoo Gaetz Gowdy Gutie´rrez Jenkins (WV) Jordan Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Meeks Nolan O’Rourke Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Smith (NJ) Stewart Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1859 Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 400. 
f 
EXPANDING CONTRACTING OPPOR-TUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 6369) to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source con-tracts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 5, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 401] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs King (IA) Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—31 
Barletta Bishop (UT) Blackburn Brady (PA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Clay Cummings Davis, Danny Deutch Dingell Ellison Eshoo Gaetz Gowdy Gutie´rrez Issa Jenkins (WV) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Meeks Nolan O’Rourke Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Smith (TX) Stewart Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1911 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.090 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8822 September 25, 2018 
PUBLIC-PRIVATE CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 6735) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability disclosure policy for De-partment of Homeland Security inter-net websites, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 1071, RECOGNIZING THAT ALLOWING ILLEGAL IMMI-GRANTS THE RIGHT TO VOTE DI-MINISHES THE VOTING POWER OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–976) on the resolution (H. Res. 1077) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 6157) mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 1071) recog-nizing that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
b1915 MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1551) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch Music Modernization Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Customs user fees. TITLE I—MUSIC LICENSING MODERNIZATION Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Blanket license for digital uses and mechanical licensing collective. Sec. 103. Amendments to section 114. Sec. 104. Random assignment of rate court pro-ceedings. Sec. 105. Performing rights society consent de-crees. Sec. 106. Effective date. TITLE II—CLASSICS PROTECTION AND ACCESS Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Unauthorized use of pre-1972 sound recordings. TITLE III—ALLOCATION FOR MUSIC PRODUCERS Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Payment of statutory performance royalties. Sec. 303. Effective date. TITLE IV—SEVERABILITY Sec. 401. Severability. 
SEC. 2. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 13, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘October 20, 2027’’. TITLE I—MUSIC LICENSING MODERNIZATION 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Musical Works Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 102. BLANKET LICENSE FOR DIGITAL USES AND MECHANICAL LICENSING COL-LECTIVE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 115 of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
IN G
ENERAL ’’ after ‘‘A VAILABILITY AND SCOPE OF  C
OMPULSORY LICENSE ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR COMPULSORY LICENSE .— ‘‘(A) C
ONDITIONS FOR COMPULSORY LICENSE .— A person may by complying with the provisions of this section obtain a compulsory license to make and distribute phonorecords of a nondra-matic musical work, including by means of dig-ital phonorecord delivery. A person may obtain a compulsory license only if the primary pur-pose in making phonorecords of the musical work is to distribute them to the public for pri-vate use, including by means of digital phono-record delivery, and— ‘‘(i) phonorecords of such musical work have previously been distributed to the public in the United States under the authority of the copy-right owner of the work, including by means of digital phonorecord delivery; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a digital music provider seeking to make and distribute digital phono-record deliveries of a sound recording embody-ing a musical work under a compulsory license for which clause (i) does not apply— ‘‘(I) the first fixation of such sound recording was made under the authority of the musical work copyright owner, and the sound recording copyright owner has the authority of the musi-cal work copyright owner to make and dis-tribute digital phonorecord deliveries embodying such work to the public in the United States; and ‘‘(II) the sound recording copyright owner, or the authorized distributor of the sound record-ing copyright owner, has authorized the digital music provider to make and distribute digital phonorecord deliveries of the sound recording to the public in the United States. ‘‘(B) DUPLICATION OF SOUND RECORDING .—A person may not obtain a compulsory license for the use of the work in the making of phonorecords duplicating a sound recording fixed by another, including by means of digital phonorecord delivery, unless— ‘‘(i) such sound recording was fixed lawfully; and ‘‘(ii) the making of the phonorecords was au-thorized by the owner of the copyright in the sound recording or, if the sound recording was fixed before February 15, 1972, by any person who fixed the sound recording pursuant to an express license from the owner of the copyright in the musical work or pursuant to a valid com-pulsory license for use of such work in a sound recording.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘A compul-sory license’’ and inserting ‘‘M
USICAL ARRANGE -
MENT .—A compulsory license’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROCEDURES TOOBTAIN A COMPULSORY  L
ICENSE .— ‘‘(1) P
HONORECORDS OTHER THAN DIGITAL PHO -
NORECORD DELIVERIES .—A person who seeks to obtain a compulsory license under subsection (a) to make and distribute phonorecords of a musi-cal work other than by means of digital phono-record delivery shall, before, or not later than 30 calendar days after, making, and before distrib-uting, any phonorecord of the work, serve no-tice of intention to do so on the copyright owner. If the registration or other public records of the Copyright Office do not identify the copy-right owner and include an address at which notice can be served, it shall be sufficient to file the notice of intention with the Copyright Of-fice. The notice shall comply, in form, content, and manner of service, with requirements that the Register of Copyrights shall prescribe by reg-ulation. ‘‘(2) D
IGITAL PHONORECORD DELIVERIES .—A person who seeks to obtain a compulsory license under subsection (a) to make and distribute phonorecords of a musical work by means of digital phonorecord delivery— ‘‘(A) prior to the license availability date, shall, before, or not later than 30 calendar days after, first making any such digital phonorecord delivery, serve a notice of intention to do so on the copyright owner (but may not file the notice with the Copyright Office, even if the public records of the Office do not identify the owner or the owner’s address), and such notice shall comply, in form, content, and manner of service, with requirements that the Register of Copy-rights shall prescribe by regulation; or ‘‘(B) on or after the license availability date, shall, before making any such digital phono-record delivery, follow the procedure described in subsection (d)(2), except as provided in para-graph (3). ‘‘(3) R
ECORD COMPANY INDIVIDUAL DOWNLOAD  
LICENSES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2)(B), a record company may, on or after the license availability date, obtain an individual download license in accordance with the notice requirements described in paragraph (2)(A) (ex-cept for the requirement that notice occur prior to the license availability date). A record com-pany that obtains an individual download li-cense as permitted under this paragraph shall provide statements of account and pay royalties as provided in subsection (c)(2)(I). ‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO OBTAIN LICENSE .— ‘‘(A) P
HONORECORDS OTHER THAN DIGITAL  
PHONORECORD DELIVERIES .—In the case of phonorecords made and distributed other than by means of digital phonorecord delivery, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.096 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8823 September 25, 2018 
failure to serve or file the notice of intention re-quired by paragraph (1) forecloses the possi-bility of a compulsory license under paragraph (1). In the absence of a voluntary license, the failure to obtain a compulsory license renders the making and distribution of phonorecords ac-tionable as acts of infringement under section 501 and subject to the remedies provided by sec-tions 502 through 506. ‘‘(B) D
IGITAL PHONORECORD DELIVERIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of phonorecords made and distributed by means of digital phono-record delivery: ‘‘(I) The failure to serve the notice of inten-tion required by paragraph (2)(A) or paragraph (3), as applicable, forecloses the possibility of a compulsory license under such paragraph. ‘‘(II) The failure to comply with paragraph (2)(B) forecloses the possibility of a blanket li-cense for a period of 3 years after the last cal-endar day on which the notice of license was re-quired to be submitted to the mechanical licens-ing collective under such paragraph. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF FAILURE .—In either case de-scribed in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i), in the absence of a voluntary license, the failure to obtain a compulsory license renders the making and distribution of phonorecords by means of digital phonorecord delivery actionable as acts of infringement under section 501 and subject to the remedies provided by sections 502 through 506.’’; (3) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) G
ENERAL CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO  C
OMPULSORY LICENSE .— ‘‘(1) R
OYALTY PAYABLE UNDER COMPULSORY  
LICENSE .— ‘‘(A) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—To be entitled to receive royalties under a compulsory license obtained under subsection (b)(1) the copyright owner must be identified in the reg-istration or other public records of the Copy-right Office. The owner is entitled to royalties for phonorecords made and distributed after being so identified, but is not entitled to recover for any phonorecords previously made and dis-tributed. ‘‘(B) R
OYALTY FOR PHONORECORDS OTHER  
THAN DIGITAL PHONORECORD DELIVERIES .—Ex- cept as provided by subparagraph (A), for every phonorecord made and distributed under a com-pulsory license under subsection (a) other than by means of digital phonorecord delivery, with respect to each work embodied in the phono-record, the royalty shall be the royalty pre-scribed under subparagraphs (D) through (F), paragraph (2)(A), and chapter 8. For purposes of this subparagraph, a phonorecord is consid-ered ‘distributed’ if the person exercising the compulsory license has voluntarily and perma-nently parted with its possession. ‘‘(C) R
OYALTY FOR DIGITAL PHONORECORD DE -
LIVERIES .—For every digital phonorecord deliv-ery of a musical work made under a compulsory license under this section, the royalty payable shall be the royalty prescribed under subpara-graphs (D) through (F), paragraph (2)(A), and chapter 8. ‘‘(D) A
UTHORITY TO NEGOTIATE .—Notwith- standing any provision of the antitrust laws, any copyright owners of nondramatic musical works and any persons entitled to obtain a com-pulsory license under subsection (a) may nego-tiate and agree upon the terms and rates of roy-alty payments under this section and the pro-portionate division of fees paid among copyright owners, and may designate common agents on a nonexclusive basis to negotiate, agree to, pay or receive such royalty payments. Such authority to negotiate the terms and rates of royalty pay-ments includes, but is not limited to, the author-ity to negotiate the year during which the roy-alty rates prescribed under this subparagraph, subparagraphs (E) and (F), paragraph (2)(A), and chapter 8 shall next be determined. ‘‘(E) D
ETERMINATION OF REASONABLE RATES  
AND TERMS .—Proceedings under chapter 8 shall determine reasonable rates and terms of royalty payments for the activities specified by this sec-tion during the period beginning with the effec-tive date of such rates and terms, but not earlier than January 1 of the second year following the year in which the petition requesting the pro-ceeding is filed, and ending on the effective date of successor rates and terms, or such other pe-riod as the parties may agree. Any copyright owners of nondramatic musical works and any persons entitled to obtain a compulsory license under subsection (a) may submit to the Copy-right Royalty Judges licenses covering such ac-tivities. The parties to each proceeding shall bear their own costs. ‘‘(F) SCHEDULE OF REASONABLE RATES .—The schedule of reasonable rates and terms deter-mined by the Copyright Royalty Judges shall, subject to paragraph (2)(A), be binding on all copyright owners of nondramatic musical works and persons entitled to obtain a compulsory li-cense under subsection (a) during the period specified in subparagraph (E), such other period as may be determined pursuant to subpara-graphs (D) and (E), or such other period as the parties may agree. The Copyright Royalty Judges shall establish rates and terms that most clearly represent the rates and terms that would have been negotiated in the marketplace be-tween a willing buyer and a willing seller. In determining such rates and terms for digital phonorecord deliveries, the Copyright Royalty Judges shall base their decision on economic, competitive, and programming information pre-sented by the parties, including— ‘‘(i) whether use of the compulsory licensee’s service may substitute for or may promote the sales of phonorecords or otherwise may interfere with or may enhance the musical work copy-right owner’s other streams of revenue from its musical works; and ‘‘(ii) the relative roles of the copyright owner and the compulsory licensee in the copyrighted work and the service made available to the pub-lic with respect to the relative creative contribu-tion, technological contribution, capital invest-ment, cost, and risk. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY LICENSES AND CONTRACTUAL  
ROYALTY RATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—License agreements volun-tarily negotiated at any time between one or more copyright owners of nondramatic musical works and one or more persons entitled to ob-tain a compulsory license under subsection (a) shall be given effect in lieu of any determination by the Copyright Royalty Judges. Subject to clause (ii), the royalty rates determined pursu-ant to subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1) shall be given effect as to digital phono-record deliveries in lieu of any contrary royalty rates specified in a contract pursuant to which a recording artist who is the author of a non-dramatic musical work grants a license under that person’s exclusive rights in the musical work under paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 106 or commits another person to grant a license in that musical work under paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 106, to a person desiring to fix in a tangible medium of expression a sound recording embodying the musical work. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—The second sentence of clause (i) shall not apply to— ‘‘(I) a contract entered into on or before June 22, 1995, and not modified thereafter for the pur-pose of reducing the royalty rates determined pursuant to subparagraphs (E) and (F) of para-graph (1) or of increasing the number of musical works within the scope of the contract covered by the reduced rates, except if a contract en-tered into on or before June 22, 1995, is modified thereafter for the purpose of increasing the number of musical works within the scope of the contract, any contrary royalty rates specified in the contract shall be given effect in lieu of roy-alty rates determined pursuant to subpara-graphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1) for the number of musical works within the scope of the contract as of June 22, 1995; and ‘‘(II) a contract entered into after the date that the sound recording is fixed in a tangible medium of expression substantially in a form in-tended for commercial release, if at the time the contract is entered into, the recording artist re-tains the right to grant licenses as to the musi-cal work under paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 106. ‘‘(B) SOUND RECORDING INFORMATION .—Except as provided in section 1002(e), a digital phono-record delivery licensed under this paragraph shall be accompanied by the information en-coded in the sound recording, if any, by or under the authority of the copyright owner of that sound recording, that identifies the title of the sound recording, the featured recording art-ist who performs on the sound recording, and related information, including information con-cerning the underlying musical work and its writer. ‘‘(C) I
NFRINGEMENT REMEDIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A digital phonorecord deliv-ery of a sound recording is actionable as an act of infringement under section 501, and is fully subject to the remedies provided by sections 502 through 506, unless— ‘‘(I) the digital phonorecord delivery has been authorized by the sound recording copyright owner; and ‘‘(II) the entity making the digital phono-record delivery has obtained a compulsory li-cense under subsection (a) or has otherwise been authorized by the musical work copyright owner, or by a record company pursuant to an individual download license, to make and dis-tribute phonorecords of each musical work em-bodied in the sound recording by means of dig-ital phonorecord delivery. ‘‘(ii) O
THER REMEDIES .—Any cause of action under this subparagraph shall be in addition to those available to the owner of the copyright in the nondramatic musical work under subpara-graph (J) and section 106(4) and the owner of the copyright in the sound recording under sec-tion 106(6). ‘‘(D) L
IABILITY OF SOUND RECORDING OWN -
ERS.—The liability of the copyright owner of a sound recording for infringement of the copy-right in a nondramatic musical work embodied in the sound recording shall be determined in accordance with applicable law, except that the owner of a copyright in a sound recording shall not be liable for a digital phonorecord delivery by a third party if the owner of the copyright in the sound recording does not license the dis-tribution of a phonorecord of the nondramatic musical work. ‘‘(E) R
ECORDING DEVICES AND MEDIA .—Noth- ing in section 1008 shall be construed to prevent the exercise of the rights and remedies allowed by this paragraph, subparagraph (J), and chap-ter 5 in the event of a digital phonorecord deliv-ery, except that no action alleging infringement of copyright may be brought under this title against a manufacturer, importer or distributor of a digital audio recording device, a digital audio recording medium, an analog recording device, or an analog recording medium, or against a consumer, based on the actions de-scribed in such section. ‘‘(F) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS .—Nothing in this section annuls or limits— ‘‘(i) the exclusive right to publicly perform a sound recording or the musical work embodied therein, including by means of a digital trans-mission, under paragraphs (4) and (6) of section 106; ‘‘(ii) except for compulsory licensing under the conditions specified by this section, the exclu-sive rights to reproduce and distribute the sound recording and the musical work embodied there-in under paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 106, including by means of a digital phonorecord de-livery; or ‘‘(iii) any other rights under any other provi-sion of section 106, or remedies available under this title, as such rights or remedies exist before, on, or after the date of enactment of the Digital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8824 September 25, 2018 
Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995. ‘‘(G) E
XEMPT TRANSMISSIONS AND RETRANS -
MISSIONS .—The provisions of this section con-cerning digital phonorecord deliveries shall not apply to any exempt transmissions or retrans-missions under section 114(d)(1). The exemptions created in section 114(d)(1) do not expand or re-duce the rights of copyright owners under para-graphs (1) through (5) of section 106 with re-spect to such transmissions and retransmissions. ‘‘(H) D
ISTRIBUTION BY RENTAL , LEASE , OR 
LENDING .—A compulsory license obtained under subsection (b)(1) to make and distribute phonorecords includes the right of the maker of such a phonorecord to distribute or authorize distribution of such phonorecord, other than by means of a digital phonorecord delivery, by rental, lease, or lending (or by acts or practices in the nature of rental, lease, or lending). With respect to each nondramatic musical work em-bodied in the phonorecord, the royalty shall be a proportion of the revenue received by the com-pulsory licensee from every such act of distribu-tion of the phonorecord under this clause equal to the proportion of the revenue received by the compulsory licensee from distribution of the phonorecord under subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii)(II) that is payable by a compulsory licensee under that clause and under chapter 8. The Register of Copyrights shall issue regulations to carry out the purpose of this subparagraph. ‘‘(I) P
AYMENT OF ROYALTIES AND STATEMENTS  
OF ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in paragraphs (4)(A)(i) and (10)(B) of subsection (d), royalty payments shall be made on or before the twen-tieth day of each month and shall include all royalties for the month next preceding. Each monthly payment shall be made under oath and shall comply with requirements that the Register of Copyrights shall prescribe by regulation. The Register shall also prescribe regulations under which detailed cumulative annual statements of account, certified by a certified public account-ant, shall be filed for every compulsory license under subsection (a). The regulations covering both the monthly and the annual statements of account shall prescribe the form, content, and manner of certification with respect to the num-ber of records made and the number of records distributed. ‘‘(J) N
OTICE OF DEFAULT AND TERMINATION OF  
COMPULSORY LICENSE .—In the case of a license obtained under paragraph (1), (2)(A), or (3) of subsection (b), if the copyright owner does not receive the monthly payment and the monthly and annual statements of account when due, the owner may give written notice to the li-censee that, unless the default is remedied not later than 30 days after the date on which the notice is sent, the compulsory license will be automatically terminated. Such termination ren-ders either the making or the distribution, or both, of all phonorecords for which the royalty has not been paid, actionable as acts of in-fringement under section 501 and fully subject to the remedies provided by sections 502 through 506. In the case of a license obtained under sub-section (b)(2)(B), license authority under the compulsory license may be terminated as pro-vided in subsection (d)(4)(E).’’; (4) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) B
LANKET LICENSE FOR DIGITAL USES, ME-
CHANICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE , ANDDIGITAL  L
ICENSEE COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) B
LANKET LICENSE FOR DIGITAL USES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A digital music provider that qualifies for a compulsory license under subsection (a) may, by complying with the terms and conditions of this subsection, obtain a blan-ket license from copyright owners through the mechanical licensing collective to make and dis-tribute digital phonorecord deliveries of musical works through one or more covered activities. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—A blanket li-cense— ‘‘(i) covers all musical works (or shares of such works) available for compulsory licensing under this section for purposes of engaging in covered activities, except as provided in sub-paragraph (C); ‘‘(ii) includes the making and distribution of server, intermediate, archival, and incidental re-productions of musical works that are reason-able and necessary for the digital music provider to engage in covered activities licensed under this subsection, solely for the purpose of engag-ing in such covered activities; and ‘‘(iii) does not cover or include any rights or uses other than those described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(C) OTHER LICENSES .—A voluntary license for covered activities entered into by or under the authority of 1 or more copyright owners and 1 or more digital music providers, or authority to make and distribute permanent downloads of a musical work obtained by a digital music pro-vider from a sound recording copyright owner pursuant to an individual download license, shall be given effect in lieu of a blanket license under this subsection with respect to the musi-cal works (or shares thereof) covered by such voluntary license or individual download au-thority and the following conditions apply: ‘‘(i) Where a voluntary license or individual download license applies, the license authority provided under the blanket license shall exclude any musical works (or shares thereof) subject to the voluntary license or individual download li-cense. ‘‘(ii) An entity engaged in covered activities under a voluntary license or authority obtained pursuant to an individual download license that is a significant nonblanket licensee shall comply with paragraph (6)(A). ‘‘(iii) The rates and terms of any voluntary li-cense shall be subject to the second sentence of clause (i) and clause (ii) of subsection (c)(2)(A) and paragraph (9)(C), as applicable. ‘‘(D) P
ROTECTION AGAINST INFRINGEMENT AC -
TIONS .—A digital music provider that obtains and complies with the terms of a valid blanket license under this subsection shall not be subject to an action for infringement of the exclusive rights provided by paragraphs (1) and (3) of sec-tion 106 under this title arising from use of a musical work (or share thereof) to engage in covered activities authorized by such license, subject to paragraph (4)(E). ‘‘(E) O
THER REQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS  
APPLY .—Except as expressly provided in this subsection, each requirement, limitation, condi-tion, privilege, right, and remedy otherwise ap-plicable to compulsory licenses under this sec-tion shall apply to compulsory blanket licenses under this subsection. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF BLANKET LICENSE .— ‘‘(A) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING LICENSE .—A digital music provider may obtain a blanket li-cense by submitting a notice of license to the mechanical licensing collective that specifies the particular covered activities in which the digital music provider seeks to engage, as follows: ‘‘(i) The notice of license shall comply in form and substance with requirements that the Reg-ister of Copyrights shall establish by regulation. ‘‘(ii) Unless rejected in writing by the mechan-ical licensing collective not later than 30 cal-endar days after the date on which the mechan-ical licensing collective receives the notice, the blanket license shall be effective as of the date on which the notice of license was sent by the digital music provider, as shown by a physical or electronic record. ‘‘(iii) A notice of license may only be rejected by the mechanical licensing collective if— ‘‘(I) the digital music provider or notice of li-cense does not meet the requirements of this sec-tion or applicable regulations, in which case the requirements at issue shall be specified with rea-sonable particularity in the notice of rejection; or ‘‘(II) the digital music provider has had a blanket license terminated by the mechanical li-censing collective during the 3-year period pre-ceding the date on which the mechanical licens-ing collective receives the notice pursuant to paragraph (4)(E). ‘‘(iv) If a notice of license is rejected under clause (iii)(I), the digital music provider shall have 30 calendar days after receipt of the notice of rejection to cure any deficiency and submit an amended notice of license to the mechanical licensing collective. If the deficiency has been cured, the mechanical licensing collective shall so confirm in writing, and the license shall be effective as of the date that the original notice of license was provided by the digital music pro-vider. ‘‘(v) A digital music provider that believes a notice of license was improperly rejected by the mechanical licensing collective may seek review of such rejection in an appropriate district court of the United States. The district court shall de-termine the matter de novo based on the record before the mechanical licensing collective and any additional evidence presented by the par-ties. ‘‘(B) BLANKET LICENSE EFFECTIVE DATE .— Blanket licenses shall be made available by the mechanical licensing collective on and after the license availability date. No such license shall be effective prior to the license availability date. ‘‘(3) M
ECHANICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The mechanical licensing collective shall be a single entity that— ‘‘(i) is a nonprofit entity, not owned by any other entity, that is created by copyright owners to carry out responsibilities under this sub-section; ‘‘(ii) is endorsed by, and enjoys substantial support from, musical work copyright owners that together represent the greatest percentage of the licensor market for uses of such works in covered activities, as measured over the pre-ceding 3 full calendar years; ‘‘(iii) is able to demonstrate to the Register of Copyrights that the entity has, or will have prior to the license availability date, the admin-istrative and technological capabilities to per-form the required functions of the mechanical li-censing collective under this subsection and that is governed by a board of directors in accord-ance with subparagraph (D)(i); and ‘‘(iv) has been designated by the Register of Copyrights, with the approval of the Librarian of Congress pursuant to section 702, in accord-ance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION OF MECHANICAL LICENSING  
COLLECTIVE .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL DESIGNATION .—Not later than 270 days after the enactment date, the Register of Copyrights shall initially designate the mechan-ical licensing collective as follows: ‘‘(I) Not later than 90 calendar days after the enactment date, the Register shall publish no-tice in the Federal Register soliciting informa-tion to assist in identifying the appropriate enti-ty to serve as the mechanical licensing collec-tive, including the name and affiliation of each member of the board of directors described under subparagraph (D)(i) and each committee estab-lished pursuant to clauses (iii), (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (D). ‘‘(II) After reviewing the information re-quested under subclause (I) and making a des-ignation, the Register shall publish notice in the Federal Register setting forth— ‘‘(aa) the identity of and contact information for the mechanical licensing collective; and ‘‘(bb) the reasons for the designation. ‘‘(ii) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .—Fol- lowing the initial designation of the mechanical licensing collective, the Register shall, every 5 years, beginning with the fifth full calendar year to commence after the initial designation, publish notice in the Federal Register in the month of January soliciting information con-cerning whether the existing designation should be continued, or a different entity meeting the criteria described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall be designated. Fol-lowing publication of such notice, the Register shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8825 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(I) after reviewing the information submitted and conducting additional proceedings as ap-propriate, publish notice in the Federal Register of a continuing designation or new designation of the mechanical licensing collective, as the case may be, and the reasons for such a des-ignation, with any new designation to be effec-tive as of the first day of a month that is not less than 6 months and not longer than 9 months after the date on which the Register publishes the notice, as specified by the Reg-ister; and ‘‘(II) if a new entity is designated as the me-chanical licensing collective, adopt regulations to govern the transfer of licenses, funds, records, data, and administrative responsibilities from the existing mechanical licensing collective to the new entity. ‘‘(iii) C
LOSEST ALTERNATIVE DESIGNATION .—If the Register is unable to identify an entity that fulfills each of the qualifications set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A), the Register shall designate the entity that most nearly fulfills such qualifications for purposes of carrying out the responsibilities of the me-chanical licensing collective. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITIES AND FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The mechanical licensing collective is authorized to perform the following functions, subject to more particular require-ments as described in this subsection: ‘‘(I) Offer and administer blanket licenses, in-cluding receipt of notices of license and reports of usage from digital music providers. ‘‘(II) Collect and distribute royalties from dig-ital music providers for covered activities. ‘‘(III) Engage in efforts to identify musical works (and shares of such works) embodied in particular sound recordings, and to identify and locate the copyright owners of such musical works (and shares of such works). ‘‘(IV) Maintain the musical works database and other information relevant to the adminis-tration of licensing activities under this section. ‘‘(V) Administer a process by which copyright owners can claim ownership of musical works (and shares of such works), and a process by which royalties for works for which the owner is not identified or located are equitably distrib-uted to known copyright owners. ‘‘(VI) Administer collections of the adminis-trative assessment from digital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees, including receipt of notices of nonblanket activity. ‘‘(VII) Invest in relevant resources, and ar-range for services of outside vendors and others, to support the activities of the mechanical li-censing collective. ‘‘(VIII) Engage in legal and other efforts to enforce rights and obligations under this sub-section, including by filing bankruptcy proofs of claims for amounts owed under licenses, and acting in coordination with the digital licensee coordinator. ‘‘(IX) Initiate and participate in proceedings before the Copyright Royalty Judges to establish the administrative assessment under this sub-section. ‘‘(X) Initiate and participate in proceedings before the Copyright Office with respect to ac-tivities under this subsection. ‘‘(XI) Gather and provide documentation for use in proceedings before the Copyright Royalty Judges to set rates and terms under this section. ‘‘(XII) Maintain records of the activities of the mechanical licensing collective and engage in and respond to audits described in this sub-section. ‘‘(XIII) Engage in such other activities as may be necessary or appropriate to fulfill the respon-sibilities of the mechanical licensing collective under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) R
ESTRICTIONS CONCERNING LICENSING AND  
ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES .—With respect to the administration of licenses, except as pro-vided in clauses (i) and (iii) and subparagraph (E)(v), the mechanical licensing collective may only— ‘‘(I) issue blanket licenses pursuant to sub-section (d)(1); and ‘‘(II) administer blanket licenses for reproduc-tion or distribution rights in musical works for covered activities, including collecting and dis-tributing royalties, pursuant to blanket licenses. ‘‘(iii) ADDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIVI -
TIES.—Subject to paragraph (11)(C), the me-chanical licensing collective may also admin-ister, including by collecting and distributing royalties, voluntary licenses issued by, or indi-vidual download licenses obtained from, copy-right owners only for reproduction or distribu-tion rights in musical works for covered activi-ties, for which the mechanical licensing collec-tive shall charge reasonable fees for such serv-ices. ‘‘(iv) R
ESTRICTION ON LOBBYING .—The me- chanical licensing collective may not engage in government lobbying activities, but may engage in the activities described in subclauses (IX), (X), and (XI) of clause (i). ‘‘(D) G
OVERNANCE .— ‘‘(i) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—The mechanical licensing collective shall have a board of direc-tors consisting of 14 voting members and 3 non-voting members, as follows: ‘‘(I) Ten voting members shall be representa-tives of music publishers— ‘‘(aa) to which songwriters have assigned ex-clusive rights of reproduction and distribution of musical works with respect to covered activi-ties; and ‘‘(bb) none of which may be owned by, or under common control with, any other board member. ‘‘(II) Four voting members shall be profes-sional songwriters who have retained and exer-cise exclusive rights of reproduction and dis-tribution with respect to covered activities with respect to musical works they have authored. ‘‘(III) One nonvoting member shall be a rep-resentative of the nonprofit trade association of music publishers that represents the greatest percentage of the licensor market for uses of mu-sical works in covered activities, as measured for the 3-year period preceding the date on which the member is appointed. ‘‘(IV) One nonvoting member shall be a rep-resentative of the digital licensee coordinator, provided that a digital licensee coordinator has been designated pursuant to paragraph (5)(B). Otherwise, the nonvoting member shall be the nonprofit trade association of digital licensees that represents the greatest percentage of the li-censee market for uses of musical works in cov-ered activities, as measured over the preceding 3 full calendar years. ‘‘(V) One nonvoting member shall be a rep-resentative of a nationally recognized nonprofit trade association whose primary mission is ad-vocacy on behalf of songwriters in the United States. ‘‘(ii) B
YLAWS .— ‘‘(I) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the mechanical licens-ing collective is initially designated by the Reg-ister of Copyrights under subparagraph (B)(i), the collective shall establish bylaws to determine issues relating to the governance of the collec-tive, including, but not limited to— ‘‘(aa) the length of the term for each member of the board of directors; ‘‘(bb) the staggering of the terms of the mem-bers of the board of directors; ‘‘(cc) a process for filling a seat on the board of directors that is vacated before the end of the term with respect to that seat; ‘‘(dd) a process for electing a member to the board of directors; and ‘‘(ee) a management structure for daily oper-ation of the collective. ‘‘(II) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The mechanical licensing collective shall make the bylaws estab-lished under subclause (I) available to the pub-lic. ‘‘(iii) B
OARD MEETINGS .—The board of direc-tors shall meet not less frequently than bian-nually and discuss matters pertinent to the op-erations of the mechanical licensing collective, including the mechanical licensing collective budget. ‘‘(iv) OPERATIONS ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The board of directors of the mechanical licensing collective shall establish an operations advisory committee consisting of not fewer than 6 mem-bers to make recommendations to the board of directors concerning the operations of the me-chanical licensing collective, including the effi-cient investment in and deployment of informa-tion technology and data resources. Such com-mittee shall have an equal number of members of the committee who are— ‘‘(I) musical work copyright owners who are appointed by the board of directors of the me-chanical licensing collective; and ‘‘(II) representatives of digital music providers who are appointed by the digital licensee coordi-nator. ‘‘(v) U
NCLAIMED ROYALTIES OVERSIGHT COM -
MITTEE .—The board of directors of the mechan-ical licensing collective shall establish and ap-point an unclaimed royalties oversight com-mittee consisting of 10 members, 5 of which shall be musical work copyright owners and 5 of which shall be professional songwriters whose works are used in covered activities. ‘‘(vi) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION COMMITTEE .—The board of directors of the mechanical licensing collective shall establish and appoint a dispute resolution committee that shall— ‘‘(I) consist of not fewer than 6 members; and ‘‘(II) include an equal number of representa-tives of musical work copyright owners and pro-fessional songwriters. ‘‘(vii) M
ECHANICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE AN -
NUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 30 of each year commencing after the license avail-ability date, the mechanical licensing collective shall post, and make available online for a pe-riod of not less than 3 years, an annual report that sets forth information regarding— ‘‘(aa) the operational and licensing practices of the collective; ‘‘(bb) how royalties are collected and distrib-uted; ‘‘(cc) budgeting and expenditures; ‘‘(dd) the collective total costs for the pre-ceding calendar year; ‘‘(ee) the projected annual mechanical licens-ing collective budget; ‘‘(ff) aggregated royalty receipts and pay-ments; ‘‘(gg) expenses that are more than 10 percent of the annual mechanical licensing collective budget; and ‘‘(hh) the efforts of the collective to locate and identify copyright owners of unmatched musical works (and shares of works). ‘‘(II) S
UBMISSION .—On the date on which the mechanical licensing collective posts each report required under subclause (I), the collective shall provide a copy of the report to the Register of Copyrights. ‘‘(viii) I
NDEPENDENT OFFICERS .—An individual serving as an officer of the mechanical licensing collective may not, at the same time, also be an employee or agent of any member of the board of directors of the collective or any entity rep-resented by a member of the board of directors, as described in clause (i). ‘‘(ix) O
VERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The mechanical licensing collective shall— ‘‘(aa) ensure that the policies and practices of the collective are transparent and accountable; ‘‘(bb) identify a point of contact for publisher inquiries and complaints with timely redress; and ‘‘(cc) establish an anti-comingling policy for funds not collected under this section and royal-ties collected under this section. ‘‘(II) A
UDITS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the fourth full calendar year that begins after the initial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8826 September 25, 2018 
designation of the mechanical licensing collec-tive by the Register of Copyrights under sub-paragraph (B)(i), and in every fifth calendar year thereafter, the collective shall retain a qualified auditor that shall— ‘‘(AA) examine the books, records, and oper-ations of the collective; ‘‘(BB) prepare a report for the board of direc-tors of the collective with respect to the matters described in item (bb); and ‘‘(CC) not later than December 31 of the year in which the qualified auditor is retained, de-liver the report described in subitem (BB) to the board of directors of the collective. ‘‘(bb) M
ATTERS ADDRESSED .—Each report pre-pared under item (aa) shall address the imple-mentation and efficacy of procedures of the me-chanical licensing collective— ‘‘(AA) for the receipt, handling, and distribu-tion of royalty funds, including any amounts held as unclaimed royalties; ‘‘(BB) to guard against fraud, abuse, waste, and the unreasonable use of funds; and ‘‘(CC) to protect the confidentiality of finan-cial, proprietary, and other sensitive informa-tion. ‘‘(cc) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—With respect to each report prepared under item (aa), the me-chanical licensing collective shall— ‘‘(AA) submit the report to the Register of Copyrights; and ‘‘(BB) make the report available to the public. ‘‘(E) M
USICAL WORKS DATABASE .— ‘‘(i) E
STABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF  
DATABASE .—The mechanical licensing collective shall establish and maintain a database con-taining information relating to musical works (and shares of such works) and, to the extent known, the identity and location of the copy-right owners of such works (and shares thereof) and the sound recordings in which the musical works are embodied. In furtherance of main-taining such database, the mechanical licensing collective shall engage in efforts to identify the musical works embodied in particular sound re-cordings, as well as to identify and locate the copyright owners of such works (and shares thereof), and update such data as appropriate. ‘‘(ii) M
ATCHED WORKS .—With respect to musi-cal works (and shares thereof) that have been matched to copyright owners, the musical works database shall include— ‘‘(I) the title of the musical work; ‘‘(II) the copyright owner of the work (or share thereof), and the ownership percentage of that owner; ‘‘(III) contact information for such copyright owner; ‘‘(IV) to the extent reasonably available to the mechanical licensing collective— ‘‘(aa) the international standard musical work code for the work; and ‘‘(bb) identifying information for sound re-cordings in which the musical work is embodied, including the name of the sound recording, fea-tured artist, sound recording copyright owner, producer, international standard recording code, and other information commonly used to assist in associating sound recordings with mu-sical works; and ‘‘(V) such other information as the Register of Copyrights may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(iii) U
NMATCHED WORKS .—With respect to unmatched musical works (and shares of works) in the database, the musical works database shall include— ‘‘(I) to the extent reasonably available to the mechanical licensing collective— ‘‘(aa) the title of the musical work; ‘‘(bb) the ownership percentage for which an owner has not been identified; ‘‘(cc) if a copyright owner has been identified but not located, the identity of such owner and the ownership percentage of that owner; ‘‘(dd) identifying information for sound re-cordings in which the work is embodied, includ-ing sound recording name, featured artist, sound recording copyright owner, producer, international standard recording code, and other information commonly used to assist in as-sociating sound recordings with musical works; and ‘‘(ee) any additional information reported to the mechanical licensing collective that may as-sist in identifying the work; and ‘‘(II) such other information relating to the identity and ownership of musical works (and shares of such works) as the Register of Copy-rights may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(iv) SOUND RECORDING INFORMATION .—Each musical work copyright owner with any musical work listed in the musical works database shall engage in commercially reasonable efforts to de-liver to the mechanical licensing collective, in-cluding for use in the musical works database, to the extent such information is not then avail-able in the database, information regarding the names of the sound recordings in which that copyright owner’s musical works (or shares thereof) are embodied, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(v) A
CCESSIBILITY OF DATABASE .—The musi- cal works database shall be made available to members of the public in a searchable, online format, free of charge. The mechanical licensing collective shall make such database available in a bulk, machine-readable format, through a widely available software application, to the fol-lowing entities: ‘‘(I) Digital music providers operating under the authority of valid notices of license, free of charge. ‘‘(II) Significant nonblanket licensees in com-pliance with their obligations under paragraph (6), free of charge. ‘‘(III) Authorized vendors of the entities de-scribed in subclauses (I) and (II), free of charge. ‘‘(IV) The Register of Copyrights, free of charge (but the Register shall not treat such database or any information therein as a Gov-ernment record). ‘‘(V) Any other person or entity for a fee not to exceed the marginal cost to the mechanical li-censing collective of providing the database to such person or entity. ‘‘(vi) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Reg- ister of Copyrights shall establish requirements by regulations to ensure the usability, interoper-ability, and usage restrictions of the musical works database. ‘‘(F) N
OTICES OF LICENSE AND NONBLANKET AC -
TIVITY .— ‘‘(i) N
OTICES OF LICENSES .—The mechanical li-censing collective shall receive, review, and con-firm or reject notices of license from digital music providers, as provided in paragraph (2)(A). The collective shall maintain a current, publicly accessible list of blanket licenses that includes contact information for the licensees and the effective dates of such licenses. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICES OF NONBLANKET ACTIVITY .—The mechanical licensing collective shall receive no-tices of nonblanket activity from significant nonblanket licensees, as provided in paragraph (6)(A). The collective shall maintain a current, publicly accessible list of notices of nonblanket activity that includes contact information for significant nonblanket licensees and the dates of receipt of such notices. ‘‘(G) C
OLLECTION AND DISTRIBUTION OF ROY -
ALTIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving reports of usage and payments of royalties from digital music providers for covered activities, the me-chanical licensing collective shall— ‘‘(I) engage in efforts to— ‘‘(aa) identify the musical works embodied in sound recordings reflected in such reports, and the copyright owners of such musical works (and shares thereof); ‘‘(bb) confirm uses of musical works subject to voluntary licenses and individual download li-censes, and the corresponding pro rata amounts to be deducted from royalties that would other-wise be due under the blanket license; and ‘‘(cc) confirm proper payment of royalties due; ‘‘(II) distribute royalties to copyright owners in accordance with the usage and other infor-mation contained in such reports, as well as the ownership and other information contained in the records of the collective; and ‘‘(III) deposit into an interest-bearing ac-count, as provided in subparagraph (H)(ii), roy-alties that cannot be distributed due to— ‘‘(aa) an inability to identify or locate a copy-right owner of a musical work (or share there-of); or ‘‘(bb) a pending dispute before the dispute res-olution committee of the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(ii) OTHER COLLECTION EFFORTS .—Any roy- alties recovered by the mechanical licensing col-lective as a result of efforts to enforce rights or obligations under a blanket license, including through a bankruptcy proceeding or other legal action, shall be distributed to copyright owners based on available usage information and in ac-cordance with the procedures described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), on a pro rata basis in proportion to the overall percentage re-covery of the total royalties owed, with any pro rata share of royalties that cannot be distrib-uted deposited in an interest-bearing account as provided in subparagraph (H)(ii). ‘‘(H) H
OLDING OF ACCRUED ROYALTIES .— ‘‘(i) H
OLDING PERIOD .—The mechanical licens-ing collective shall hold accrued royalties asso-ciated with particular musical works (and shares of works) that remain unmatched for a period of not less than 3 years after the date on which the funds were received by the mechan-ical licensing collective, or not less than 3 years after the date on which the funds were accrued by a digital music provider that subsequently transferred such funds to the mechanical licens-ing collective pursuant to paragraph (10)(B), whichever period expires sooner. ‘‘(ii) I
NTEREST -BEARING ACCOUNT .—Accrued royalties for unmatched works (and shares thereof) shall be maintained by the mechanical licensing collective in an interest-bearing ac-count that earns monthly interest— ‘‘(I) at the Federal, short-term rate; and ‘‘(II) that accrues for the benefit of copyright owners entitled to payment of such accrued roy-alties. ‘‘(I) M
USICAL WORKS CLAIMING PROCESS .— When a copyright owner of an unmatched work (or share of a work) has been identified and lo-cated in accordance with the procedures of the mechanical licensing collective, the collective shall— ‘‘(i) update the musical works database and the other records of the collective accordingly; and ‘‘(ii) provided that accrued royalties for the musical work (or share thereof) have not yet been included in a distribution pursuant to sub-paragraph (J)(i), pay such accrued royalties and a proportionate amount of accrued interest associated with that work (or share thereof) to the copyright owner, accompanied by a cumu-lative statement of account reflecting usage of such work and accrued royalties based on infor-mation provided by digital music providers to the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(J) D
ISTRIBUTION OF UNCLAIMED ACCRUED  
ROYALTIES .— ‘‘(i) D
ISTRIBUTION PROCEDURES .—After the ex-piration of the prescribed holding period for ac-crued royalties provided in subparagraph (H)(i), the mechanical licensing collective shall dis-tribute such accrued royalties, along with a pro-portionate share of accrued interest, to copy-right owners identified in the records of the col-lective, subject to the following requirements, and in accordance with the policies and proce-dures established under clause (ii): ‘‘(I) The first such distribution shall occur on or after January 1 of the second full calendar year to commence after the license availability date, with not less than 1 such distribution to take place during each calendar year thereafter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8827 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(II) Copyright owners’ payment shares for unclaimed accrued royalties for particular re-porting periods shall be determined in a trans-parent and equitable manner based on data in-dicating the relative market shares of such copyright owners as reflected in reports of usage provided by digital music providers for covered activities for the periods in question, including, in addition to usage data provided to the me-chanical licensing collective, usage data pro-vided to copyright owners under voluntary li-censes and individual download licenses for cov-ered activities, to the extent such information is available to the mechanical licensing collective. In furtherance of the determination of equitable market shares under this subparagraph— ‘‘(aa) the mechanical licensing collective may require copyright owners seeking distributions of unclaimed accrued royalties to provide, or di-rect the provision of, information concerning the usage of musical works under voluntary licenses and individual download licenses for covered activities; and ‘‘(bb) the mechanical licensing collective shall take appropriate steps to safeguard the con-fidentiality and security of usage, financial, and other sensitive data used to compute market shares in accordance with the confidentiality provisions prescribed by the Register of Copy-rights under paragraph (12)(C). ‘‘(ii) E
STABLISHMENT OF DISTRIBUTION POLI -
CIES.—The unclaimed royalties oversight com-mittee established under subparagraph (D)(v) shall establish policies and procedures for the distribution of unclaimed accrued royalties and accrued interest in accordance with this sub-paragraph, including the provision of usage data to copyright owners to allocate payments and credits to songwriters pursuant to clause (iv), subject to the approval of the board of di-rectors of the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF UNCLAIMED ACCRUED  
ROYALTIES .—The mechanical licensing collective shall— ‘‘(I) maintain a publicly accessible online fa-cility with contact information for the collective that lists unmatched musical works (and shares of works), through which a copyright owner may assert an ownership claim with respect to such a work (and a share of such a work); ‘‘(II) engage in diligent, good-faith efforts to publicize, throughout the music industry— ‘‘(aa) the existence of the collective and the ability to claim unclaimed accrued royalties for unmatched musical works (and shares of such works) held by the collective; ‘‘(bb) the procedures by which copyright own-ers may identify themselves and provide contact, ownership, and other relevant information to the collective in order to receive payments of ac-crued royalties; ‘‘(cc) any transfer of accrued royalties for mu-sical works under paragraph (10)(B), not later than 180 days after the date on which the trans-fer is received; and ‘‘(dd) any pending distribution of unclaimed accrued royalties and accrued interest, not less than 90 days before the date on which the dis-tribution is made; and ‘‘(III) as appropriate, participate in music in-dustry conferences and events for the purpose of publicizing the matters described in subclause (II). ‘‘(iv) S
ONGWRITER PAYMENTS .—Copyright owners that receive a distribution of unclaimed accrued royalties and accrued interest shall pay or credit a portion to songwriters (or the author-ized agents of songwriters) on whose behalf the copyright owners license or administer musical works for covered activities, in accordance with applicable contractual terms, but notwith-standing any agreement to the contrary— ‘‘(I) such payments and credits to songwriters shall be allocated in proportion to reported usage of individual musical works by digital music providers during the reporting periods covered by the distribution from the mechanical licensing collective; and ‘‘(II) in no case shall the payment or credit to an individual songwriter be less than 50 percent of the payment received by the copyright owner attributable to usage of musical works (or shares of works) of that songwriter. ‘‘(K) DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—The dispute reso-lution committee established under subpara-graph (D)(vi) shall establish policies and proce-dures— ‘‘(i) for copyright owners to address in a time-ly and equitable manner disputes relating to ownership interests in musical works licensed under this section and allocation and distribu-tion of royalties by the mechanical licensing col-lective, subject to the approval of the board of directors of the mechanical licensing collective; ‘‘(ii) that shall include a mechanism to hold disputed funds in accordance with the require-ments described in subparagraph (H)(ii) pending resolution of the dispute; and ‘‘(iii) except as provided in paragraph (11)(D), that shall not affect any legal or equitable rights or remedies available to any copyright owner or songwriter concerning ownership of, and entitlement to royalties for, a musical work. ‘‘(L) V
ERIFICATION OF PAYMENTS BY MECHAN -
ICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE .— ‘‘(i) V
ERIFICATION PROCESS .—A copyright owner entitled to receive payments of royalties for covered activities from the mechanical li-censing collective may, individually or with other copyright owners, conduct an audit of the mechanical licensing collective to verify the ac-curacy of royalty payments by the mechanical licensing collective to such copyright owner, as follows: ‘‘(I) A copyright owner may audit the me-chanical licensing collective only once in a year for any or all of the 3 calendar years preceding the year in which the audit is commenced, and may not audit records for any calendar year more than once. ‘‘(II) The audit shall be conducted by a quali-fied auditor, who shall perform the audit during the ordinary course of business by examining the books, records, and data of the mechanical licensing collective, according to generally ac-cepted auditing standards and subject to appli-cable confidentiality requirements prescribed by the Register of Copyrights under paragraph (12)(C). ‘‘(III) The mechanical licensing collective shall make such books, records, and data avail-able to the qualified auditor and respond to rea-sonable requests for relevant information, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to fa-cilitate access to relevant information main-tained by third parties. ‘‘(IV) To commence the audit, any copyright owner shall file with the Copyright Office a no-tice of intent to conduct an audit of the me-chanical licensing collective, identifying the pe-riod of time to be audited, and shall simulta-neously deliver a copy of such notice to the me-chanical licensing collective. The Register of Copyrights shall cause the notice of audit to be published in the Federal Register not later than 45 calendar days after the date on which the no-tice is received. ‘‘(V) The qualified auditor shall determine the accuracy of royalty payments, including wheth-er an underpayment or overpayment of royalties was made by the mechanical licensing collective to each auditing copyright owner, except that, before providing a final audit report to any such copyright owner, the qualified auditor shall pro-vide a tentative draft of the report to the me-chanical licensing collective and allow the me-chanical licensing collective a reasonable oppor-tunity to respond to the findings, including by clarifying issues and correcting factual errors. ‘‘(VI) The auditing copyright owner or owners shall bear the cost of the audit. In case of an underpayment to any copyright owner, the me-chanical licensing collective shall pay the amounts of any such underpayment to such au-diting copyright owner, as appropriate. In case of an overpayment by the mechanical licensing collective, the mechanical licensing collective may debit the account of the auditing copyright owner or owners for such overpaid amounts, or such owner or owners shall refund overpaid amounts to the mechanical licensing collective, as appropriate. ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE VERIFICATION PROCE -
DURES .—Nothing in this subparagraph shall preclude a copyright owner and the mechanical licensing collective from agreeing to audit proce-dures different from those described in this sub-paragraph, except that a notice of the audit shall be provided to and published by the Copy-right Office as described in clause (i)(IV). ‘‘(M) R
ECORDS OF MECHANICAL LICENSING COL -
LECTIVE .— ‘‘(i) R
ECORDS MAINTENANCE .—The mechanical licensing collective shall ensure that all material records of the operations of the mechanical li-censing collective, including those relating to notices of license, the administration of the claims process of the mechanical licensing col-lective, reports of usage, royalty payments, re-ceipt and maintenance of accrued royalties, roy-alty distribution processes, and legal matters, are preserved and maintained in a secure and reliable manner, with appropriate commercially reasonable safeguards against unauthorized ac-cess, copying, and disclosure, and subject to the confidentiality requirements prescribed by the Register of Copyrights under paragraph (12)(C) for a period of not less than 7 years after the date of creation or receipt, whichever occurs later. ‘‘(ii) R
ECORDS ACCESS .—The mechanical li-censing collective shall provide prompt access to electronic and other records pertaining to the administration of a copyright owner’s musical works upon reasonable written request of the owner or the authorized representative of the owner. ‘‘(4) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BLANKET LI -
CENSE .—A blanket license is subject to, and con-ditioned upon, the following requirements: ‘‘(A) R
OYALTY REPORTING AND PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(i) M
ONTHLY REPORTS AND PAYMENT .—A dig- ital music provider shall report and pay royal-ties to the mechanical licensing collective under the blanket license on a monthly basis in ac-cordance with clause (ii) and subsection (c)(2)(I), except that the monthly reporting shall be due on the date that is 45 calendar days, rather than 20 calendar days, after the end of the monthly reporting period. ‘‘(ii) D
ATA TO BE REPORTED .—In reporting usage of musical works to the mechanical licens-ing collective, a digital music provider shall pro-vide usage data for musical works used under the blanket license and usage data for musical works used in covered activities under voluntary licenses and individual download licenses. In the report of usage, the digital music provider shall— ‘‘(I) with respect to each sound recording em-bodying a musical work— ‘‘(aa) provide identifying information for the sound recording, including sound recording name, featured artist, and, to the extent ac-quired by the digital music provider in connec-tion with its use of sound recordings of musical works to engage in covered activities, including pursuant to subparagraph (B), sound recording copyright owner, producer, international stand-ard recording code, and other information com-monly used in the industry to identify sound re-cordings and match them to the musical works the sound recordings embody; ‘‘(bb) to the extent acquired by the digital music provider in the metadata provided by sound recording copyright owners or other licensors of sound recordings in connection with the use of sound recordings of musical works to engage in covered activities, including pursuant to subparagraph (B), provide information con-cerning authorship and ownership of the appli-cable rights in the musical work embodied in the sound recording (including each songwriter, publisher name, and respective ownership share) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8828 September 25, 2018 
and the international standard musical work code; and ‘‘(cc) provide the number of digital phono-record deliveries of the sound recording, includ-ing limited downloads and interactive streams; ‘‘(II) identify and provide contact information for all musical work copyright owners for works embodied in sound recordings as to which a vol-untary license, rather than the blanket license, is in effect with respect to the uses being re-ported; and ‘‘(III) provide such other information as the Register of Copyrights shall require by regula-tion. ‘‘(iii) F
ORMAT AND MAINTENANCE OF RE -
PORTS .—Reports of usage provided by digital music providers to the mechanical licensing col-lective shall be in a machine-readable format that is compatible with the information tech-nology systems of the mechanical licensing col-lective and meets the requirements of regula-tions adopted by the Register of Copyrights. The Register shall also adopt regulations setting forth requirements under which records of use shall be maintained and made available to the mechanical licensing collective by digital music providers engaged in covered activities under a blanket license. ‘‘(iv) A
DOPTION OF REGULATIONS .—The Reg- ister of Copyrights shall adopt regulations— ‘‘(I) setting forth requirements under which records of use shall be maintained and made available to the mechanical licensing collective by digital music providers engaged in covered activities under a blanket license; and ‘‘(II) regarding adjustments to reports of usage by digital music providers, including mechanisms to account for overpayment and underpayment of royalties in prior periods. ‘‘(B) C
OLLECTION OF SOUND RECORDING INFOR -
MATION .—A digital music provider shall engage in good-faith, commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from sound recording copyright owners and other licensors of sound recordings made available through the service of such digital music provider information concerning— ‘‘(i) sound recording copyright owners, pro-ducers, international standard recording codes, and other information commonly used in the in-dustry to identify sound recordings and match them to the musical works the sound recordings embody; and ‘‘(ii) the authorship and ownership of musical works, including songwriters, publisher names, ownership shares, and international standard musical work codes. ‘‘(C) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE ASSESS -
MENT .—A digital music provider and any signifi-cant nonblanket licensee shall pay the adminis-trative assessment established under paragraph (7)(D) in accordance with this subsection and applicable regulations. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFICATION OF PAYMENTS BY DIGITAL  
MUSIC PROVIDERS .— ‘‘(i) V
ERIFICATION PROCESS .—The mechanical licensing collective may conduct an audit of a digital music provider operating under the blan-ket license to verify the accuracy of royalty payments by the digital music provider to the mechanical licensing collective as follows: ‘‘(I) The mechanical licensing collective may commence an audit of a digital music provider not more frequently than once in any 3-cal-endar-year period to cover a verification period of not more than the 3 full calendar years pre-ceding the date of commencement of the audit, and such audit may not audit records for any such 3-year verification period more than once. ‘‘(II) The audit shall be conducted by a quali-fied auditor, who shall perform the audit during the ordinary course of business by examining the books, records, and data of the digital music provider, according to generally accepted audit-ing standards and subject to applicable con-fidentiality requirements prescribed by the Reg-ister of Copyrights under paragraph (12)(C). ‘‘(III) The digital music provider shall make such books, records, and data available to the qualified auditor and respond to reasonable re-quests for relevant information, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide ac-cess to relevant information maintained with re-spect to a digital music provider by third par-ties. ‘‘(IV) To commence the audit, the mechanical licensing collective shall file with the Copyright Office a notice of intent to conduct an audit of the digital music provider, identifying the period of time to be audited, and shall simultaneously deliver a copy of such notice to the digital music provider. The Register of Copyrights shall cause the notice of audit to be published in the Fed-eral Register not later than 45 calendar days after the date on which notice is received. ‘‘(V) The qualified auditor shall determine the accuracy of royalty payments, including wheth-er an underpayment or overpayment of royalties was made by the digital music provider to the mechanical licensing collective, except that, be-fore providing a final audit report to the me-chanical licensing collective, the qualified audi-tor shall provide a tentative draft of the report to the digital music provider and allow the dig-ital music provider a reasonable opportunity to respond to the findings, including by clarifying issues and correcting factual errors. ‘‘(VI) The mechanical licensing collective shall pay the cost of the audit, unless the quali-fied auditor determines that there was an un-derpayment by the digital music provider of not less than 10 percent, in which case the digital music provider shall bear the reasonable costs of the audit, in addition to paying the amount of any underpayment to the mechanical licensing collective. In case of an overpayment by the dig-ital music provider, the mechanical licensing collective shall provide a credit to the account of the digital music provider. ‘‘(VII) A digital music provider may not assert section 507 or any other Federal or State statute of limitations, doctrine of laches or estoppel, or similar provision as a defense to a legal action arising from an audit under this subparagraph if such legal action is commenced not more than 6 years after the commencement of the audit that is the basis for such action. ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE VERIFICATION PROCE -
DURES .—Nothing in this subparagraph shall preclude the mechanical licensing collective and a digital music provider from agreeing to audit procedures different from those described in this subparagraph, except that a notice of the audit shall be provided to and published by the Copy-right Office as described in clause (i)(IV). ‘‘(E) D
EFAULT UNDER BLANKET LICENSE .— ‘‘(i) C
ONDITIONS OF DEFAULT .—A digital music provider shall be in default under a blanket li-cense if the digital music provider— ‘‘(I) fails to provide 1 or more monthly reports of usage to the mechanical licensing collective when due; ‘‘(II) fails to make a monthly royalty or late fee payment to the mechanical licensing collec-tive when due, in all or material part; ‘‘(III) provides 1 or more monthly reports of usage to the mechanical licensing collective that, on the whole, is or are materially deficient as a result of inaccurate, missing, or unreadable data, where the correct data was available to the digital music provider and required to be re-ported under this section and applicable regula-tions; ‘‘(IV) fails to pay the administrative assess-ment as required under this subsection and ap-plicable regulations; or ‘‘(V) after being provided written notice by the mechanical licensing collective, refuses to comply with any other material term or condi-tion of the blanket license under this section for a period of not less than 60 calendar days. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF DEFAULT AND TERMINATION .— In case of a default by a digital music provider, the mechanical licensing collective may proceed to terminate the blanket license of the digital music provider as follows: ‘‘(I) The mechanical licensing collective shall provide written notice to the digital music pro-vider describing with reasonable particularity the default and advising that unless such de-fault is cured not later than 60 calendar days after the date of the notice, the blanket license will automatically terminate at the end of that period. ‘‘(II) If the digital music provider fails to rem-edy the default before the end of the 60-day pe-riod described in subclause (I), the license shall terminate without any further action on the part of the mechanical licensing collective. Such termination renders the making of all digital phonorecord deliveries of all musical works (and shares thereof) covered by the blanket license for which the royalty or administrative assess-ment has not been paid actionable as acts of in-fringement under section 501 and subject to the remedies provided by sections 502 through 506. ‘‘(iii) NOTICE TO COPYRIGHT OWNERS .—The me- chanical licensing collective shall provide writ-ten notice of any termination under this sub-paragraph to copyright owners of affected works. ‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW BY FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT .—A digital music provider that believes a blanket li-cense was improperly terminated by the me-chanical licensing collective may seek review of such termination in an appropriate district court of the United States. The district court shall determine the matter de novo based on the record before the mechanical licensing collective and any additional supporting evidence pre-sented by the parties. ‘‘(5) D
IGITAL LICENSEE COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The digital licensee coordi-nator shall be a single entity that— ‘‘(i) is a nonprofit, not owned by any other entity, that is created to carry out responsibil-ities under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) is endorsed by and enjoys substantial support from digital music providers and signifi-cant nonblanket licensees that together rep-resent the greatest percentage of the licensee market for uses of musical works in covered ac-tivities, as measured over the preceding 3 cal-endar years; ‘‘(iii) is able to demonstrate that it has, or will have prior to the license availability date, the administrative capabilities to perform the re-quired functions of the digital licensee coordi-nator under this subsection; and ‘‘(iv) has been designated by the Register of Copyrights, with the approval of the Librarian of Congress pursuant to section 702, in accord-ance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION OF DIGITAL LICENSEE COOR -
DINATOR .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL DESIGNATION .—The Register of Copyrights shall initially designate the digital licensee coordinator not later than 270 days after the enactment date, in accordance with the same procedure described for designation of the mechanical licensing collective in paragraph (3)(B)(i). ‘‘(ii) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .—Fol- lowing the initial designation of the digital li-censee coordinator, the Register of Copyrights shall, every 5 years, beginning with the fifth full calendar year to commence after the initial des-ignation, determine whether the existing des-ignation should be continued, or a different en-tity meeting the criteria described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) should be des-ignated, in accordance with the same procedure described for the mechanical licensing collective in paragraph (3)(B)(ii). ‘‘(iii) I
NABILITY TO DESIGNATE .—If the Reg-ister of Copyrights is unable to identify an enti-ty that fulfills each of the qualifications de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iii) of subpara-graph (A) to serve as the digital licensee coordi-nator, the Register may decline to designate a digital licensee coordinator. The determination of the Register not to designate a digital licensee coordinator shall not negate or otherwise affect any provision of this subsection except to the limited extent that a provision references the digital licensee coordinator. In such case, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8829 September 25, 2018 
reference to the digital licensee coordinator shall be without effect unless and until a new digital licensee coordinator is designated. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITIES AND FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The digital licensee coordi-nator is authorized to perform the following functions, subject to more particular require-ments as described in this subsection: ‘‘(I) Establish a governance structure, criteria for membership, and any dues to be paid by its members. ‘‘(II) Engage in efforts to enforce notice and payment obligations with respect to the adminis-trative assessment, including by receiving infor-mation from and coordinating with the mechan-ical licensing collective. ‘‘(III) Initiate and participate in proceedings before the Copyright Royalty Judges to establish the administrative assessment under this sub-section. ‘‘(IV) Initiate and participate in proceedings before the Copyright Office with respect to ac-tivities under this subsection. ‘‘(V) Gather and provide documentation for use in proceedings before the Copyright Royalty Judges to set rates and terms under this section. ‘‘(VI) Maintain records of its activities. ‘‘(VII) Assist in publicizing the existence of the mechanical licensing collective and the abil-ity of copyright owners to claim royalties for unmatched musical works (and shares of works) through the collective. ‘‘(VIII) Engage in such other activities as may be necessary or appropriate to fulfill its respon-sibilities under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) R
ESTRICTION ON LOBBYING .—The digital licensee coordinator may not engage in govern-ment lobbying activities, but may engage in the activities described in subclauses (III), (IV), and (V) of clause (i). ‘‘(iii) A
SSISTANCE WITH PUBLICITY FOR UN -
CLAIMED ROYALTIES .—The digital licensee coor-dinator shall make reasonable, good-faith ef-forts to assist the mechanical licensing collective in the efforts of the collective to locate and iden-tify copyright owners of unmatched musical works (and shares of such works) by encour-aging digital music providers to publicize the ex-istence of the collective and the ability of copy-right owners to claim unclaimed accrued royal-ties, including by— ‘‘(I) posting contact information for the collec-tive at reasonably prominent locations on digital music provider websites and applications; and ‘‘(II) conducting in-person outreach activities with songwriters. ‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SIGNIFICANT NON -
BLANKET LICENSEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) N
OTICE OF ACTIVITY .—Not later than 45 calendar days after the license availability date, or 45 calendar days after the end of the first full calendar month in which an entity initially qualifies as a significant nonblanket licensee, whichever occurs later, a significant nonblanket licensee shall submit a notice of nonblanket ac-tivity to the mechanical licensing collective. The notice of nonblanket activity shall comply in form and substance with requirements that the Register of Copyrights shall establish by regula-tion, and a copy shall be made available to the digital licensee coordinator. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORTING AND PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS .— The notice of nonblanket activity submitted to the mechanical licensing collective shall be ac-companied by a report of usage that contains the information described in paragraph (4)(A)(ii), as well as any payment of the admin-istrative assessment required under this sub-section and applicable regulations. Thereafter, subject to clause (iii), a significant nonblanket licensee shall continue to provide monthly re-ports of usage, accompanied by any required payment of the administrative assessment, to the mechanical licensing collective. Such reports and payments shall be submitted not later than 45 calendar days after the end of the calendar month being reported. ‘‘(iii) DISCONTINUATION OF OBLIGATIONS .—An entity that has submitted a notice of nonblanket activity to the mechanical licensing collective that has ceased to qualify as a significant non-blanket licensee may so notify the collective in writing. In such case, as of the calendar month in which such notice is provided, such entity shall no longer be required to provide reports of usage or pay the administrative assessment, but if such entity later qualifies as a significant nonblanket licensee, such entity shall again be required to comply with clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING BY MECHANICAL LICENSING  
COLLECTIVE TO DIGITAL LICENSEE COORDI -
NATOR .— ‘‘(i) M
ONTHLY REPORTS OF NONCOMPLIANT LI -
CENSEES .—The mechanical licensing collective shall provide monthly reports to the digital li-censee coordinator setting forth any significant nonblanket licensees of which the collective is aware that have failed to comply with subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION.—The mechanical licensing collective and digital licensee coordinator shall take appro-priate steps to safeguard the confidentiality and security of financial and other sensitive data shared under this subparagraph, in accordance with the confidentiality requirements prescribed by the Register of Copyrights under paragraph (12)(C). ‘‘(C) L
EGAL ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS .— ‘‘(i) F
EDERAL COURT ACTION .—Should the me-chanical licensing collective or digital licensee coordinator become aware that a significant nonblanket licensee has failed to comply with subparagraph (A), either may commence an ac-tion in an appropriate district court of the United States for damages and injunctive relief. If the significant nonblanket licensee is found liable, the court shall, absent a finding of excus-able neglect, award damages in an amount equal to three times the total amount of the un-paid administrative assessment and, notwith-standing anything to the contrary in section 505, reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, as well as such other relief as the court determines ap-propriate. In all other cases, the court shall award relief as appropriate. Any recovery of damages shall be payable to the mechanical li-censing collective as an offset to the collective total costs. ‘‘(ii) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR ENFORCE -
MENT ACTION .—Any action described in this sub-paragraph shall be commenced within the time period described in section 507(b). ‘‘(iii) O
THER RIGHTS AND REMEDIES PRE -
SERVED .—The ability of the mechanical licens-ing collective or digital licensee coordinator to bring an action under this subparagraph shall in no way alter, limit or negate any other right or remedy that may be available to any party at law or in equity. ‘‘(7) F
UNDING OF MECHANICAL LICENSING COL -
LECTIVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The collective total costs shall be funded by— ‘‘(i) an administrative assessment, as such as-sessment is established by the Copyright Royalty Judges pursuant to subparagraph (D) from time to time, to be paid by— ‘‘(I) digital music providers that are engaged, in all or in part, in covered activities pursuant to a blanket license; and ‘‘(II) significant nonblanket licensees; and ‘‘(ii) voluntary contributions from digital music providers and significant nonblanket li-censees as may be agreed with copyright own-ers. ‘‘(B) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) A
GREEMENTS CONCERNING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—Except as provided in clause (ii), vol-untary contributions by digital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees shall be de-termined by private negotiation and agreement, and the following conditions apply: ‘‘(I) The date and amount of each voluntary contribution to the mechanical licensing collec-tive shall be documented in a writing signed by an authorized agent of the mechanical licensing collective and the contributing party. ‘‘(II) Such agreement shall be made available as required in proceedings before the Copyright Royalty Judges to establish or adjust the admin-istrative assessment in accordance with applica-ble statutory and regulatory provisions and rul-ings of the Copyright Royalty Judges. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each voluntary contribution described in clause (i) shall be treated for purposes of an administra-tive assessment proceeding as an offset to the collective total costs that would otherwise be re-covered through the administrative assessment. Any allocation or reallocation of voluntary con-tributions between or among individual digital music providers or significant nonblanket licens-ees shall be a matter of private negotiation and agreement among such parties and outside the scope of the administrative assessment pro-ceeding. ‘‘(C) I
NTERIM APPLICATION OF ACCRUED ROY -
ALTIES .—In the event that the administrative assessment, together with any funding from vol-untary contributions as provided in subpara-graphs (A) and (B), is inadequate to cover cur-rent collective total costs, the collective, with approval of its board of directors, may apply unclaimed accrued royalties on an interim basis to defray such costs, subject to future reimburse-ment of such royalties from future collections of the assessment. ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AS -
SESSMENT .— ‘‘(i) A
DMINISTRATIVE ASSESSMENT TO COVER  
COLLECTIVE TOTAL COSTS .—The administrative assessment shall be used solely and exclusively to fund the collective total costs. ‘‘(ii) S
EPARATE PROCEEDING BEFORE COPY -
RIGHT ROYALTY JUDGES .—The amount and terms of the administrative assessment shall be deter-mined and established in a separate and inde-pendent proceeding before the Copyright Roy-alty Judges, according to the procedures de-scribed in clauses (iii) and (iv). The administra-tive assessment determined in such proceeding shall— ‘‘(I) be wholly independent of royalty rates and terms applicable to digital music providers, which shall not be taken into consideration in any manner in establishing the administrative assessment; ‘‘(II) be established by the Copyright Royalty Judges in an amount that is calculated to de-fray the reasonable collective total costs; ‘‘(III) be assessed based on usage of musical works by digital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees in covered activities under both compulsory and nonblanket licenses; ‘‘(IV) may be in the form of a percentage of royalties payable under this section for usage of musical works in covered activities (regardless of whether a different rate applies under a vol-untary license), or any other usage-based metric reasonably calculated to equitably allocate the collective total costs across digital music pro-viders and significant nonblanket licensees en-gaged in covered activities, and shall include as a component a minimum fee for all digital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees; and ‘‘(V) take into consideration anticipated fu-ture collective total costs and collections of the administrative assessment, including, as appli-cable— ‘‘(aa) any portion of past actual collective total costs of the mechanical licensing collective not funded by previous collections of the admin-istrative assessment or voluntary contributions because such collections or contributions to-gether were insufficient to fund such costs; ‘‘(bb) any past collections of the administra-tive assessment and voluntary contributions that exceeded past actual collective total costs, resulting in a surplus; and ‘‘(cc) the amount of any voluntary contribu-tions by digital music providers or significant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8830 September 25, 2018 
nonblanket licensees in relevant periods, de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (7). ‘‘(iii) I
NITIAL ADMINISTRATIVE ASSESSMENT .— The procedure for establishing the initial ad-ministrative assessment shall be as follows: ‘‘(I) Not later than 270 days after the enact-ment date, the Copyright Royalty Judges shall commence a proceeding to establish the initial administrative assessment by publishing a notice in the Federal Register seeking petitions to par-ticipate. ‘‘(II) The mechanical licensing collective and digital licensee coordinator shall participate in the proceeding described in subclause (I), along with any interested copyright owners, digital music providers or significant nonblanket licens-ees that have notified the Copyright Royalty Judges of their desire to participate. ‘‘(III) The Copyright Royalty Judges shall es-tablish a schedule for submission by the parties of information that may be relevant to estab-lishing the administrative assessment, including actual and anticipated collective total costs of the mechanical licensing collective, actual and anticipated collections from digital music pro-viders and significant nonblanket licensees, and documentation of voluntary contributions, as well as a schedule for further proceedings, which shall include a hearing, as the Copyright Royalty Judges determine appropriate. ‘‘(IV) The initial administrative assessment shall be determined, and such determination shall be published in the Federal Register by the Copyright Royalty Judges, not later than 1 year after commencement of the proceeding described in this clause. The determination shall be sup-ported by a written record. The initial adminis-trative assessment shall be effective as of the li-cense availability date, and shall continue in ef-fect unless and until an adjusted administrative assessment is established pursuant to an adjust-ment proceeding under clause (iv). ‘‘(iv) A
DJUSTMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE ASSESS -
MENT .—The administrative assessment may be adjusted by the Copyright Royalty Judges peri-odically, in accordance with the following pro-cedures: ‘‘(I) Not earlier than 1 year after the most re-cent publication of a determination of the ad-ministrative assessment by the Copyright Roy-alty Judges, the mechanical licensing collective, the digital licensee coordinator, or one or more interested copyright owners, digital music pro-viders, or significant nonblanket licensees, may file a petition with the Copyright Royalty Judges in the month of May to commence a pro-ceeding to adjust the administrative assessment. ‘‘(II) Notice of the commencement of such pro-ceeding shall be published in the Federal Reg-ister in the month of June following the filing of any petition, with a schedule of requested infor-mation and additional proceedings, as described in clause (iii)(III). The mechanical licensing col-lective and digital licensee coordinator shall participate in such proceeding, along with any interested copyright owners, digital music pro-viders, or significant nonblanket licensees that have notified the Copyright Royalty Judges of their desire to participate. ‘‘(III) The determination of the adjusted ad-ministrative assessment, which shall be sup-ported by a written record, shall be published in the Federal Register during June of the cal-endar year following the commencement of the proceeding. The adjusted administrative assess-ment shall take effect January 1 of the year fol-lowing such publication. ‘‘(v) A
DOPTION OF VOLUNTARY AGREEMENTS .— In lieu of reaching their own determination based on evaluation of relevant data, the Copy-right Royalty Judges shall approve and adopt a negotiated agreement to establish the amount and terms of the administrative assessment that has been agreed to by the mechanical licensing collective and the digital licensee coordinator (or if none has been designated, interested dig-ital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees representing more than half of the market for uses of musical works in covered ac-tivities), except that the Copyright Royalty Judges shall have the discretion to reject any such agreement for good cause shown. An ad-ministrative assessment adopted under this clause shall apply to all digital music providers and significant nonblanket licensees engaged in covered activities during the period the adminis-trative assessment is in effect. ‘‘(vi) CONTINUING AUTHORITY TO AMEND .—The Copyright Royalty Judges shall retain con-tinuing authority to amend a determination of an administrative assessment to correct tech-nical or clerical errors, or modify the terms of implementation, for good cause, with any such amendment to be published in the Federal Reg-ister. ‘‘(vii) A
PPEAL OF ADMINISTRATIVE ASSESS -
MENT .—The determination of an administrative assessment by the Copyright Royalty Judges shall be appealable, not later than 30 calendar days after publication in the Federal Register, to the Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit by any party that fully partici-pated in the proceeding. The administrative as-sessment as established by the Copyright Roy-alty Judges shall remain in effect pending the final outcome of any such appeal, and the me-chanical licensing collective, digital licensee co-ordinator, digital music providers, and signifi-cant nonblanket licensees shall implement ap-propriate financial or other measures not later than 90 days after any modification of the as-sessment to reflect and account for such out-come. ‘‘(viii) R
EGULATIONS .—The Copyright Royalty Judges may adopt regulations to govern the con-duct of proceedings under this paragraph. ‘‘(8) E
STABLISHMENT OF RATES AND TERMS  
UNDER BLANKET LICENSE .— ‘‘(A) R
ESTRICTIONS ON RATESETTING PARTICI -
PATION .—Neither the mechanical licensing col-lective nor the digital licensee coordinator shall be a party to a proceeding described in sub-section (c)(1)(E), except that the mechanical li-censing collective or the digital licensee coordi-nator may gather and provide financial and other information for the use of a party to such a proceeding and comply with requests for infor-mation as required under applicable statutory and regulatory provisions and rulings of the Copyright Royalty Judges. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF LATE FEES .—In any pro-ceeding described in subparagraph (A) in which the Copyright Royalty Judges establish a late fee for late payment of royalties for uses of mu-sical works under this section, such fee shall apply to covered activities under blanket li-censes, as follows: ‘‘(i) Late fees for past due royalty payments shall accrue from the due date for payment until payment is received by the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(ii) The availability of late fees shall in no way prevent a copyright owner or the mechan-ical licensing collective from asserting any other rights or remedies to which such copyright owner or the mechanical licensing collective may be entitled under this title. ‘‘(C) I
NTERIM RATE AGREEMENTS IN GENERAL .— For any covered activity for which no rate or terms have been established by the Copyright Royalty Judges, the mechanical licensing collec-tive and any digital music provider may agree to an interim rate and terms for such activity under the blanket license, and any such rate and terms— ‘‘(i) shall be treated as nonprecedential and not cited or relied upon in any ratesetting pro-ceeding before the Copyright Royalty Judges or any other tribunal; and ‘‘(ii) shall automatically expire upon the es-tablishment of a rate and terms for such covered activity by the Copyright Royalty Judges, under subsection (c)(1)(E). ‘‘(D) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR INTERIM RATES .—The rate and terms established by the Copyright Royalty Judges for a covered activity to which an interim rate and terms have been agreed under subparagraph (C) shall supersede the in-terim rate and terms and apply retroactively to the inception of the activity under the blanket license. In such case, not later than 90 days after the effective date of the rate and terms es-tablished by the Copyright Royalty Judges— ‘‘(i) if the rate established by the Copyright Royalty Judges exceeds the interim rate, the dig-ital music provider shall pay to the mechanical licensing collective the amount of any under-payment of royalties due; or ‘‘(ii) if the interim rate exceeds the rate estab-lished by the Copyright Royalty Judges, the me-chanical licensing collective shall credit the ac-count of the digital music provider for the amount of any overpayment of royalties due. ‘‘(9) TRANSITION TO BLANKET LICENSES .— ‘‘(A) S
UBSTITUTION OF BLANKET LICENSE .—On the license availability date, a blanket license shall, without any interruption in license au-thority enjoyed by such digital music provider, be automatically substituted for and supersede any existing compulsory license previously ob-tained under this section by the digital music provider from a copyright owner to engage in 1 or more covered activities with respect to a musi-cal work, except that such substitution shall not apply to any authority obtained from a record company pursuant to a compulsory license to make and distribute permanent downloads un-less and until such record company terminates such authority in writing to take effect at the end of a monthly reporting period, with a copy to the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(B) E
XPIRATION OF EXISTING LICENSES .—Ex- cept to the extent provided in subparagraph (A), on and after the license availability date, li-censes other than individual download licenses obtained under this section for covered activities prior to the license availability date shall no longer continue in effect. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF VOLUNTARY LICENSES .—A voluntary license for a covered activity in effect on the license availability date will remain in ef-fect unless and until the voluntary license ex-pires according to the terms of the voluntary li-cense, or the parties agree to amend or termi-nate the voluntary license. In a case where a voluntary license for a covered activity entered into before the license availability date incor-porates the terms of this section by reference, the terms so incorporated (but not the rates) shall be those in effect immediately prior to the license availability date, and those terms shall continue to apply unless and until such vol-untary license is terminated or amended, or the parties enter into a new voluntary license. ‘‘(D) F
URTHER ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICES FOR  
COVERED ACTIVITIES BY COPYRIGHT OFFICE .—On and after the enactment date— ‘‘(i) the Copyright Office shall no longer ac-cept notices of intention with respect to covered activities; and ‘‘(ii) notices of intention filed before the en-actment date will no longer be effective or pro-vide license authority with respect to covered activities, except that, before the license avail-ability date, there shall be no liability under section 501 for the reproduction or distribution of a musical work (or share thereof) in covered activities if a valid notice of intention was filed for such work (or share) before the enactment date. ‘‘(10) P
RIOR UNLICENSED USES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY IN GENERAL .—A copyright owner that commences an action under section 501 on or after January 1, 2018, against a digital music provider for the infringe-ment of the exclusive rights provided by para-graph (1) or (3) of section 106 arising from the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a musical work by such digital music provider in the course of engaging in covered activities prior to the license availability date, shall, as the copyright owner’s sole and exclusive remedy against the digital music provider, be eligible to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8831 September 25, 2018 
recover the royalty prescribed under subsection (c)(1)(C) and chapter 8, from the digital music provider, provided that such digital music pro-vider can demonstrate compliance with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), as applicable. In all other cases the limitation on liability under this subparagraph shall not apply. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR LIMITATION ON LI -
ABILITY .—The following requirements shall apply on the enactment date and through the end of the period that expires 90 days after the license availability date to digital music pro-viders seeking to avail themselves of the limita-tion on liability described in subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) Not later than 30 calendar days after first making a particular sound recording of a musi-cal work available through its service via one or more covered activities, or 30 calendar days after the enactment date, whichever occurs later, a digital music provider shall engage in good-faith, commercially reasonable efforts to identify and locate each copyright owner of such musical work (or share thereof). Such re-quired matching efforts shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) Good-faith, commercially reasonable ef-forts to obtain from the owner of the cor-responding sound recording made available through the digital music provider’s service the following information: ‘‘(aa) Sound recording name, featured artist, sound recording copyright owner, producer, international standard recording code, and other information commonly used in the indus-try to identify sound recordings and match them to the musical works they embody. ‘‘(bb) Any available musical work ownership information, including each songwriter and publisher name, percentage ownership share, and international standard musical work code. ‘‘(II) Employment of 1 or more bulk electronic matching processes that are available to the dig-ital music provider through a third-party vendor on commercially reasonable terms, except that a digital music provider may rely on its own bulk electronic matching process if that process has capabilities comparable to or better than those available from a third-party vendor on commer-cially reasonable terms. ‘‘(ii) The required matching efforts shall be re-peated by the digital music provider not less than once per month for so long as the copy-right owner remains unidentified or has not been located. ‘‘(iii) If the required matching efforts are suc-cessful in identifying and locating a copyright owner of a musical work (or share thereof) by the end of the calendar month in which the dig-ital music provider first makes use of the work, the digital music provider shall provide state-ments of account and pay royalties to such copyright owner in accordance with this section and applicable regulations. ‘‘(iv) If the copyright owner is not identified or located by the end of the calendar month in which the digital music provider first makes use of the work, the digital music provider shall ac-crue and hold royalties calculated under the ap-plicable statutory rate in accordance with usage of the work, from initial use of the work until the accrued royalties can be paid to the copy-right owner or are required to be transferred to the mechanical licensing collective, as follows: ‘‘(I) Accrued royalties shall be maintained by the digital music provider in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. ‘‘(II) If a copyright owner of an unmatched musical work (or share thereof) is identified and located by or to the digital music provider before the license availability date, the digital music provider shall— ‘‘(aa) not later than 45 calendar days after the end of the calendar month during which the copyright owner was identified and located, pay the copyright owner all accrued royalties, such payment to be accompanied by a cumulative statement of account that includes all of the in-formation that would have been provided to the copyright owner had the digital music provider been providing monthly statements of account to the copyright owner from initial use of the work in accordance with this section and applicable regulations, including the requisite certification under subsection (c)(2)(I); ‘‘(bb) beginning with the accounting period following the calendar month in which the copyright owner was identified and located, and for all other accounting periods prior to the li-cense availability date, provide monthly state-ments of account and pay royalties to the copy-right owner as required under this section and applicable regulations; and ‘‘(cc) beginning with the monthly royalty re-porting period commencing on the license avail-ability date, report usage and pay royalties for such musical work (or share thereof) for such reporting period and reporting periods there-after to the mechanical licensing collective, as required under this subsection and applicable regulations. ‘‘(III) If a copyright owner of an unmatched musical work (or share thereof) is not identified and located by the license availability date, the digital music provider shall— ‘‘(aa) not later than 45 calendar days after the license availability date, transfer all accrued royalties to the mechanical licensing collective, such payment to be accompanied by a cumu-lative statement of account that includes all of the information that would have been provided to the copyright owner had the digital music provider been serving monthly statements of ac-count on the copyright owner from initial use of the work in accordance with this section and applicable regulations, including the requisite certification under subsection (c)(2)(I), and ac-companied by an additional certification by a duly authorized officer of the digital music pro-vider that the digital music provider has ful-filled the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) but has not been successful in locating or identifying the copyright owner; and ‘‘(bb) beginning with the monthly royalty re-porting period commencing on the license avail-ability date, report usage and pay royalties for such musical work (or share thereof) for such period and reporting periods thereafter to the mechanical licensing collective, as required under this subsection and applicable regula-tions. ‘‘(v) A digital music provider that complies with the requirements of this subparagraph with respect to unmatched musical works (or shares of works) shall not be liable for or accrue late fees for late payments of royalties for such works until such time as the digital music pro-vider is required to begin paying monthly royal-ties to the copyright owner or the mechanical li-censing collective, as applicable. ‘‘(C) A
DJUSTED STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .— Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in section 507(b), with respect to any claim of in-fringement of the exclusive rights provided by paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 106 against a digital music provider arising from the unau-thorized reproduction or distribution of a musi-cal work by such digital music provider in the course of engaging in covered activities that ac-crued not more than 3 years prior to the license availability date, such action may be com-menced not later than the later of— ‘‘(i) 3 years after the date on which the claim accrued; or ‘‘(ii) 2 years after the license availability date. ‘‘(D) O
THER RIGHTS AND REMEDIES PRE -
SERVED .—Except as expressly provided in this paragraph, nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter, limit, or negate any right or remedy of a copyright owner with respect to un-authorized use of a musical work. ‘‘(11) L
EGAL PROTECTIONS FOR LICENSING AC -
TIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION FOR COMPULSORY LICENSE  
ACTIVITIES .—The antitrust exemption described in subsection (c)(1)(D) shall apply to negotia-tions and agreements between and among copy-right owners and persons entitled to obtain a compulsory license for covered activities, and common agents acting on behalf of such copy-right owners or persons, including with respect to the administrative assessment established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION ON COMMON AGENT EXEMP -
TION.—Notwithstanding the antitrust exemption provided in subsection (c)(1)(D) and subpara-graph (A) of this paragraph (except for the ad-ministrative assessment referenced in such sub-paragraph (A) and except as provided in para-graph (8)(C)), neither the mechanical licensing collective nor the digital licensee coordinator shall serve as a common agent with respect to the establishment of royalty rates or terms under this section. ‘‘(C) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION FOR ADMINISTRA -
TIVE ACTIVITIES .—Notwithstanding any provi-sion of the antitrust laws, copyright owners and persons entitled to obtain a compulsory license under this section may designate the mechanical licensing collective to administer voluntary li-censes for the reproduction or distribution of musical works in covered activities on behalf of such copyright owners and persons, subject to the following conditions: ‘‘(i) Each copyright owner shall establish the royalty rates and material terms of any such voluntary license individually and not in agree-ment, combination, or concert with any other copyright owner. ‘‘(ii) Each person entitled to obtain a compul-sory license under this section shall establish the royalty rates and material terms of any such voluntary license individually and not in agree-ment, combination, or concert with any other digital music provider. ‘‘(iii) The mechanical licensing collective shall maintain the confidentiality of the voluntary li-censes in accordance with the confidentiality provisions prescribed by the Register of Copy-rights under paragraph (12)(C). ‘‘(D) L
IABILITY FOR GOOD -FAITH ACTIVITIES .— The mechanical licensing collective shall not be liable to any person or entity based on a claim arising from its good-faith administration of policies and procedures adopted and imple-mented to carry out the responsibilities de-scribed in subparagraphs (J) and (K) of para-graph (3), except to the extent of correcting an underpayment or overpayment of royalties as provided in paragraph (3)(L)(i)(VI), but the col-lective may participate in a legal proceeding as a stakeholder party if the collective is holding funds that are the subject of a dispute between copyright owners. For purposes of this subpara-graph, the term ‘good-faith administration’ means administration in a manner that is not grossly negligent. ‘‘(E) P
REEMPTION OF STATE PROPERTY LAWS .— The holding and distribution of funds by the mechanical licensing collective in accordance with this subsection shall supersede and pre-empt any State law (including common law) concerning escheatment or abandoned property, or any analogous provision, that might other-wise apply. ‘‘(F) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as ex-pressly provided in this subsection, nothing in this subsection shall negate or limit the ability of any person to pursue an action in Federal court against the mechanical licensing collective or any other person based upon a claim arising under this title or other applicable law. ‘‘(12) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
DOPTION BY REGISTER OF COPYRIGHTS  
AND COPYRIGHT ROYALTY JUDGES .—The Register of Copyrights may conduct such proceedings and adopt such regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this subsection, except for regulations con-cerning proceedings before the Copyright Roy-alty Judges to establish the administrative as-sessment, which shall be adopted by the Copy-right Royalty Judges. ‘‘(B) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF REGULATIONS .—Ex- cept as provided in paragraph (7)(D)(vii), regu-lations adopted under this subsection shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8832 September 25, 2018 
subject to judicial review pursuant to chapter 7 of title 5. ‘‘(C) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION.—The Register of Copyrights shall adopt regulations to provide for the appropriate proce-dures to ensure that confidential, private, pro-prietary, or privileged information contained in the records of the mechanical licensing collective and digital licensee coordinator is not improp-erly disclosed or used, including through any disclosure or use by the board of directors or personnel of either entity, and specifically in-cluding the unclaimed royalties oversight com-mittee and the dispute resolution committee of the mechanical licensing collective. ‘‘(13) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION ON ACTIVITIES AND RIGHTS  
COVERED .—This subsection applies solely to uses of musical works subject to licensing under this section. The blanket license shall not be con-strued to extend or apply to activities other than covered activities or to rights other than the ex-clusive rights of reproduction and distribution licensed under this section, or serve or act as the basis to extend or expand the compulsory license under this section to activities and rights not covered by this section on the day before the en-actment date. ‘‘(B) R
IGHTS OF PUBLIC PERFORMANCE NOT AF -
FECTED .—The rights, protections, and immuni-ties granted under this subsection, the data con-cerning musical works collected and made avail-able under this subsection, and the definitions under subsection (e) shall not extend to, limit, or otherwise affect any right of public perform-ance in a musical work.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCRUED INTEREST .—The term ‘accrued interest’ means interest accrued on accrued roy-alties, as described in subsection (d)(3)(H)(ii). ‘‘(2) A
CCRUED ROYALTIES .—The term ‘accrued royalties’ means royalties accrued for the repro-duction or distribution of a musical work (or share thereof) in a covered activity, calculated in accordance with the applicable royalty rate under this section. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘administrative assessment’ means the fee estab-lished pursuant to subsection (d)(7)(D). ‘‘(4) A
UDIT.—The term ‘audit’ means a royalty compliance examination to verify the accuracy of royalty payments, or the conduct of such an examination, as applicable. ‘‘(5) B
LANKET LICENSE .—The term ‘blanket li-cense’ means a compulsory license described in subsection (d)(1)(A) to engage in covered activi-ties. ‘‘(6) C
OLLECTIVE TOTAL COSTS .—The term ‘col-lective total costs’— ‘‘(A) means the total costs of establishing, maintaining, and operating the mechanical li-censing collective to fulfill its statutory func-tions, including— ‘‘(i) startup costs; ‘‘(ii) financing, legal, audit, and insurance costs; ‘‘(iii) investments in information technology, infrastructure, and other long-term resources; ‘‘(iv) outside vendor costs; ‘‘(v) costs of licensing, royalty administration, and enforcement of rights; ‘‘(vi) costs of bad debt; and ‘‘(vii) costs of automated and manual efforts to identify and locate copyright owners of musi-cal works (and shares of such musical works) and match sound recordings to the musical works the sound recordings embody; and ‘‘(B) does not include any added costs in-curred by the mechanical licensing collective to provide services under voluntary licenses. ‘‘(7) C
OVERED ACTIVITY .—The term ‘covered activity’ means the activity of making a digital phonorecord delivery of a musical work, includ-ing in the form of a permanent download, lim-ited download, or interactive stream, where such activity qualifies for a compulsory license under this section. ‘‘(8) DIGITAL MUSIC PROVIDER .—The term ‘dig-ital music provider’ means a person (or persons operating under the authority of that person) that, with respect to a service engaged in cov-ered activities— ‘‘(A) has a direct contractual, subscription, or other economic relationship with end users of the service, or, if no such relationship with end users exists, exercises direct control over the pro-vision of the service to end users; ‘‘(B) is able to fully report on any revenues and consideration generated by the service; and ‘‘(C) is able to fully report on usage of sound recordings of musical works by the service (or procure such reporting). ‘‘(9) D
IGITAL LICENSEE COORDINATOR .—The term ‘digital licensee coordinator’ means the en-tity most recently designated pursuant to sub-section (d)(5). ‘‘(10) D
IGITAL PHONORECORD DELIVERY .—The term ‘digital phonorecord delivery’ means each individual delivery of a phonorecord by digital transmission of a sound recording that results in a specifically identifiable reproduction by or for any transmission recipient of a phonorecord of that sound recording, regardless of whether the digital transmission is also a public performance of the sound recording or any musical work em-bodied therein, and includes a permanent download, a limited download, or an interactive stream. A digital phonorecord delivery does not result from a real-time, noninteractive subscrip-tion transmission of a sound recording where no reproduction of the sound recording or the musi-cal work embodied therein is made from the in-ception of the transmission through to its receipt by the transmission recipient in order to make the sound recording audible. A digital phono-record delivery does not include the digital transmission of sounds accompanying a motion picture or other audiovisual work as defined in section 101. ‘‘(11) E
NACTMENT DATE .—The term ‘enactment date’ means the date of the enactment of the Musical Works Modernization Act. ‘‘(12) I
NDIVIDUAL DOWNLOAD LICENSE .—The term ‘individual download license’ means a com-pulsory license obtained by a record company to make and distribute, or authorize the making and distribution of, permanent downloads em-bodying a specific individual musical work. ‘‘(13) I
NTERACTIVE STREAM .—The term ‘inter-active stream’ means a digital transmission of a sound recording of a musical work in the form of a stream, where the performance of the sound recording by means of such transmission is not exempt under section 114(d)(1) and does not in itself, or as a result of a program in which it is included, qualify for statutory licensing under section 114(d)(2). An interactive stream is a dig-ital phonorecord delivery. ‘‘(14) I
NTERESTED .—The term ‘interested’, as applied to a party seeking to participate in a proceeding under subsection (d)(7)(D), is a party as to which the Copyright Royalty Judges have not determined that the party lacks a signifi-cant interest in such proceeding. ‘‘(15) L
ICENSE AVAILABILITY DATE .—The term ‘license availability date’ means January 1 fol-lowing the expiration of the 2-year period begin-ning on the enactment date. ‘‘(16) L
IMITED DOWNLOAD .—The term ‘limited download’ means a digital transmission of a sound recording of a musical work in the form of a download, where such sound recording is accessible for listening only for a limited amount of time or specified number of times. ‘‘(17) M
ATCHED .—The term ‘matched’, as ap-plied to a musical work (or share thereof), means that the copyright owner of such work (or share thereof) has been identified and lo-cated. ‘‘(18) M
ECHANICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE .— The term ‘mechanical licensing collective’ means the entity most recently designated as such by the Register of Copyrights under subsection (d)(3). ‘‘(19) M
ECHANICAL LICENSING COLLECTIVE  
BUDGET .—The term ‘mechanical licensing collec-tive budget’ means a statement of the financial position of the mechanical licensing collective for a fiscal year or quarter thereof based on esti-mates of expenditures during the period and proposals for financing those expenditures, in-cluding a calculation of the collective total costs. ‘‘(20) MUSICAL WORKS DATABASE .—The term ‘musical works database’ means the database described in subsection (d)(3)(E). ‘‘(21) N
ONPROFIT .—The term ‘nonprofit’ means a nonprofit created or organized in a State. ‘‘(22) N
OTICE OF LICENSE .—The term ‘notice of license’ means a notice from a digital music pro-vider provided under subsection (d)(2)(A) for purposes of obtaining a blanket license. ‘‘(23) N
OTICE OF NONBLANKET ACTIVITY .—The term ‘notice of nonblanket activity’ means a no-tice from a significant nonblanket licensee pro-vided under subsection (d)(6)(A) for purposes of notifying the mechanical licensing collective that the licensee has been engaging in covered activities. ‘‘(24) P
ERMANENT DOWNLOAD .—The term ‘per-manent download’ means a digital transmission of a sound recording of a musical work in the form of a download, where such sound record-ing is accessible for listening without restriction as to the amount of time or number of times it may be accessed. ‘‘(25) Q
UALIFIED AUDITOR .—The term ‘quali-fied auditor’ means an independent, certified public accountant with experience performing music royalty audits. ‘‘(26) R
ECORD COMPANY .—The term ‘record company’ means an entity that invests in, pro-duces, and markets sound recordings of musical works, and distributes such sound recordings for remuneration through multiple sales channels, including a corporate affiliate of such an entity engaged in distribution of sound recordings. ‘‘(27) R
EPORT OF USAGE .—The term ‘report of usage’ means a report reflecting an entity’s usage of musical works in covered activities de-scribed in subsection (d)(4)(A). ‘‘(28) R
EQUIRED MATCHING EFFORTS .—The term ‘required matching efforts’ means efforts to identify and locate copyright owners of musical works as described in subsection (d)(10)(B)(i). ‘‘(29) S
ERVICE .—The term ‘service’, as used in relation to covered activities, means any site, fa-cility, or offering by or through which sound re-cordings of musical works are digitally trans-mitted to members of the public. ‘‘(30) S
HARE .—The term ‘share’, as applied to a musical work, means a fractional ownership interest in such work. ‘‘(31) S
IGNIFICANT NONBLANKET LICENSEE .— The term ‘significant nonblanket licensee’— ‘‘(A) means an entity, including a group of entities under common ownership or control that, acting under the authority of one or more voluntary licenses or individual download li-censes, offers a service engaged in covered ac-tivities, and such entity or group of entities— ‘‘(i) is not currently operating under a blanket license and is not obligated to provide reports of usage reflecting covered activities under sub-section (d)(4)(A); ‘‘(ii) has a direct contractual, subscription, or other economic relationship with end users of the service or, if no such relationship with end users exists, exercises direct control over the pro-vision of the service to end users; and ‘‘(iii) either— ‘‘(I) on any day in a calendar month, makes more than 5,000 different sound recordings of musical works available through such service; or ‘‘(II) derives revenue or other consideration in connection with such covered activities greater than $50,000 in a calendar month, or total rev-enue or other consideration greater than $500,000 during the preceding 12 calendar months; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) an entity whose covered activity consists solely of free-to-the-user streams of segments of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8833 September 25, 2018 
sound recordings of musical works that do not exceed 90 seconds in length, are offered only to facilitate a licensed use of musical works that is not a covered activity, and have no revenue di-rectly attributable to such streams constituting the covered activity; or ‘‘(ii) a ‘public broadcasting entity’ as defined in section 118(f). ‘‘(32) S
ONGWRITER .—The term ‘songwriter’ means the author of all or part of a musical work, including a composer or lyricist. ‘‘(33) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each State of the United States, the District of Co-lumbia, and each territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(34) U
NCLAIMED ACCRUED ROYALTIES .—The term ‘unclaimed accrued royalties’ means ac-crued royalties eligible for distribution under subsection (d)(3)(J). ‘‘(35) U
NMATCHED .—The term ‘unmatched’, as applied to a musical work (or share thereof), means that the copyright owner of such work (or share thereof) has not been identified or lo-cated. ‘‘(36) V
OLUNTARY LICENSE .—The term ‘vol-untary license’ means a license for use of a mu-sical work (or share thereof) other than a com-pulsory license obtained under this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS  
TOSECTION 801.—Section 801(b) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) To determine the administrative assess-ment to be paid by digital music providers under section 115(d). The provisions of section 115(d) shall apply to the conduct of proceedings by the Copyright Royalty Judges under section 115(d) and not the procedures described in this section, or section 803, 804, or 805.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDED RATESET-
TING STANDARD .—The amendments made by sub-section (a)(3) and section 103(g)(2) shall apply to any proceeding before the Copyright Royalty Judges that is commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS  
TOTITLE37, P ART385 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL  R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Copyright Royalty Judges shall amend the regulations for section 115 of title 17, United States Code, in part 385 of title 37, Code of Federal Regulations, to conform the definitions used in such part to the definitions of the same terms described in section 115(e) of title 17, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). In so doing, the Copy-right Royalty Judges shall make adjustments to the language of the regulations as necessary to achieve the same purpose and effect as the origi-nal regulations with respect to the rates and terms previously adopted by the Copyright Roy-alty Judges. (e) C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE ACTIVITIES .—The Reg- ister of Copyrights shall engage in public out-reach and educational activities— (1) regarding the amendments made by sub-section (a) to section 115 of title 17, United States Code, including the responsibilities of the mechanical licensing collective designated under those amendments; (2) which shall include educating songwriters and other interested parties with respect to the process established under section 115(d)(3)(C)(i)(V) of title 17, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), by which— (A) a copyright owner may claim ownership of musical works (and shares of such works); and (B) royalties for works for which the owner is not identified or located shall be equitably dis-tributed to known copyright owners; and (3) which the Register shall make available online. (f) U
NCLAIMED ROYALTIES STUDY AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Register of Copyrights initially designates the mechanical licensing col-lective under section 115(d)(3)(B)(i) of title 17, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(4), the Register, in consultation with the Comptroller General of the United States, and after soliciting and reviewing comments and rel-evant information from music industry partici-pants and other interested parties, shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that rec-ommends best practices that the collective may implement in order to— (A) identify and locate musical work copy-right owners with unclaimed accrued royalties held by the collective; (B) encourage musical work copyright owners to claim the royalties of those owners; and (C) reduce the incidence of unclaimed royal-ties. (2) CONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— The mechanical licensing collective shall care-fully consider, and give substantial weight to, the recommendations submitted by the Register of Copyrights under paragraph (1) when estab-lishing the procedures of the collective with re-spect to the— (A) identification and location of musical work copyright owners; and (B) distribution of unclaimed royalties. 
SEC. 103. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 114. 
(a) U NIFORM RATESTANDARD .—Section 114(f) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1)(A) Proceedings under chapter 8 shall de-termine reasonable rates and terms of royalty payments for transmissions subject to statutory licensing under subsection (d)(2) during the 5- year period beginning on January 1 of the sec-ond year following the year in which the pro-ceedings are to be commenced pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of section 804(b)(3), as the case may be, or such other period as the parties may agree. The parties to each proceeding shall bear their own costs. ‘‘(B) The schedule of reasonable rates and terms determined by the Copyright Royalty Judges shall, subject to paragraph (2), be bind-ing on all copyright owners of sound recordings and entities performing sound recordings af-fected by this paragraph during the 5-year pe-riod specified in subparagraph (A), or such other period as the parties may agree. Such rates and terms shall distinguish among the dif-ferent types of services then in operation and shall include a minimum fee for each such type of service, such differences to be based on cri-teria including the quantity and nature of the use of sound recordings and the degree to which use of the service may substitute for or may pro-mote the purchase of phonorecords by con-sumers. The Copyright Royalty Judges shall es-tablish rates and terms that most clearly rep-resent the rates and terms that would have been negotiated in the marketplace between a willing buyer and a willing seller. In determining such rates and terms, the Copyright Royalty Judges— ‘‘(i) shall base their decision on economic, competitive, and programming information pre-sented by the parties, including— ‘‘(I) whether use of the service may substitute for or may promote the sales of phonorecords or otherwise may interfere with or may enhance the sound recording copyright owner’s other streams of revenue from the copyright owner’s sound recordings; and ‘‘(II) the relative roles of the copyright owner and the transmitting entity in the copyrighted work and the service made available to the pub-lic with respect to relative creative contribution, technological contribution, capital investment, cost, and risk; and ‘‘(ii) may consider the rates and terms for comparable types of audio transmission services and comparable circumstances under voluntary license agreements. ‘‘(C) The procedures under subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall also be initiated pursuant to a pe-tition filed by any sound recording copyright owner or any transmitting entity indicating that a new type of service on which sound recordings are performed is or is about to become oper-ational, for the purpose of determining reason-able terms and rates of royalty payments with respect to such new type of service for the pe-riod beginning with the inception of such new type of service and ending on the date on which the royalty rates and terms for eligible non-subscription services and new subscription serv-ices, or preexisting subscription services and preexisting satellite digital audio radio services, as the case may be, most recently determined under subparagraph (A) or (B) and chapter 8 expire, or such other period as the parties may agree.’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (b) REPEAL .—Subsection (i) of section 114 of title 17, United States Code, is repealed. (c) U
SE IN MUSICAL WORKPROCEEDINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—License fees payable for the public performance of sound recordings under section 106(6) of title 17, United States Code, shall not be taken into account in any adminis-trative, judicial, or other governmental pro-ceeding to set or adjust the royalties payable to musical work copyright owners for the public performance of their works except in such a pro-ceeding to set or adjust royalties for the public performance of musical works by means of a digital audio transmission other than a trans-mission by a broadcaster, and may be taken into account only with respect to such digital audio transmission. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) T
RANSMISSION BY A BROADCASTER .—The term ‘‘transmission by a broadcaster’’ means a nonsubscription digital transmission made by a terrestrial broadcast station on its own behalf, or on the behalf of a terrestrial broadcast sta-tion under common ownership or control, that is not part of an interactive service or a music-in-tensive service comprising the transmission of sound recordings customized for or customizable by recipients or service users. (B) T
ERRESTRIAL BROADCAST STATION .—The term ‘‘terrestrial broadcast station’’ means a ter-restrial, over-the-air radio or television broad-cast station, including an FM translator (as de-fined in section 74.1201 of title 47, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, and licensed as such by the Federal Communications Commission) whose primary business activities are comprised of, and whose revenues are generated through, terres-trial, over-the-air broadcast transmissions, or the simultaneous or substantially-simultaneous digital retransmission by the terrestrial, over- the-air broadcast station of its over-the-air broadcast transmissions. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (c)(2) shall not be given effect in interpreting provi-sions of title 17, United States Code. (e) U
SE IN SOUND RECORDING PROCEEDINGS .— The repeal of section 114(i) of title 17, United States Code, by subsection (b) shall not be taken into account in any proceeding to set or adjust the rates and fees payable for the use of sound recordings under section 112(e) or 114(f) of such title that is pending on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act. (f) D
ECISIONS AND PRECEDENTS NOTAF-
FECTED .—The repeal of section 114(i) of title 17, United States Code, by subsection (b) shall not have any effect upon the decisions, or the prece-dents established or relied upon, in any pro-ceeding to set or adjust the rates and fees pay-able for the use of sound recordings under sec-tion 112(e) or 114(f) of such title before the date of enactment of this Act. (g) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 114 .—Section 114(f) of title 17, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended in paragraph (4)(C), as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8834 September 25, 2018 
so redesignated, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘under paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)’’. (2) S
ECTION 801 .—Section 801(b) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The rates applicable’’ and all that follows though ‘‘pre-vailing industry practices.’’; and (B) in paragraph (7)(B), by striking ‘‘114(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘114(f)(2)’’. (3) S
ECTION 803 .—Section 803(c)(2)(E)(i)(II) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or 114(f)(2)(C)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘114(f)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘114(f)(3)(B)’’. (4) S
ECTION 804 .—Section 804(b)(3)(C) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and 114(f)(2)(C)’’; (B) in clause (iii)(II), by striking ‘‘114(f)(4)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘114(f)(3)(B)(ii)’’; and (C) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘or 114(f)(2)(C), as the case may be’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDED RATESET-
TING STANDARD .—The amendments made by sub-section (a)(1) shall apply to any proceeding be-fore the Copyright Royalty Judges that is com-menced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (i) T
IMING OF RATE DETERMINATIONS .—Sec- tion 804(b)(3)(B) of title 17, United States Code, is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting the following after ‘‘fifth calendar year’’: ‘‘, ex-cept that—(i) with respect to preexisting sub-scription services, the terms and rates finally de-termined for the rate period ending on December 31, 2022, shall remain in effect through Decem-ber 31, 2027, and there shall be no proceeding to determine terms and rates for preexisting sub-scription services for the period beginning on January 1, 2023, and ending on December 31, 2027; and’’ ‘‘(ii) with respect to pre-existing sat-ellite digital audio radio services, the terms and rates set forth by the Copyright Royalty Judges on December 14, 2017, in their initial determina-tion for the rate period ending on December 31, 2022, shall be in effect through December 31, 2027, without any change based on a rehearing under section 803(c)(2) and without the possi-bility of appeal under section 803(d), and there shall be no proceeding to determine terms and rates for preexisting satellite digital audio radio services for the period beginning on January 1, 2023, and ending on December 31, 2027’’. 
SEC. 104. RANDOM ASSIGNMENT OF RATE COURT PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 137 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The business’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The business’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ANDOM ASSIGNMENT OF RATE COURT  P
ROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘performing rights society’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 17. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF LICENSE FEE .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), in the case of any performing rights society subject to a con-sent decree, any application for the determina-tion of a license fee for the public performance of music in accordance with the applicable con-sent decree shall be made in the district court with jurisdiction over that consent decree and randomly assigned to a judge of that district court according to the rules of that court for the division of business among district judges, pro-vided that any such application shall not be as-signed to— ‘‘(i) a judge to whom continuing jurisdiction over any performing rights society for any per-forming rights society consent decree is assigned or has previously been assigned; or ‘‘(ii) a judge to whom another proceeding con-cerning an application for the determination of a reasonable license fee is assigned at the time of the filing of the application. ‘‘(C) EXCEPTION .—Subparagraph (B) does not apply to an application to determine reasonable license fees made by individual proprietors under section 513 of title 17. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall modify the rights of any party to a consent decree or to a proceeding to determine reasonable license fees, to make an application for the construction of any provi-sion of the applicable consent decree. Such ap-plication shall be referred to the judge to whom continuing jurisdiction over the applicable con-sent decree is currently assigned. If any such application is made in connection with a rate proceeding, such rate proceeding shall be stayed until the final determination of the construction application. Disputes in connection with a rate proceeding about whether a licensee is similarly situated to another licensee shall not be subject to referral to the judge with continuing jurisdic-tion over the applicable consent decree.’’. 
SEC. 105. PERFORMING RIGHTS SOCIETY CON-SENT DECREES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘performing rights society’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 17, United States Code. (b) N
OTIFICATION OF REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department of Justice shall provide timely briefings upon request of any Member of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives regarding the status of a review in progress of a consent decree between the United States and a per-forming rights society. (2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AND DELIBERATIVE PROC -
ESS.—In accordance with applicable rules relat-ing to confidentiality and agency deliberative process, the Department of Justice shall share with such Members of Congress detailed and timely information and pertinent documents re-lated to the consent decree review. (c) A
CTION BEFORE MOTION TO TERMINATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before filing with the appro-priate district court of the United States a mo-tion to terminate a consent decree between the United States and a performing rights society, including a motion to terminate a consent de-cree after the passage of a specified period of time, the Department of Justice shall— (A) notify Members of Congress and commit-tees of Congress described in subsection (b); and (B) provide to such Members of Congress and committees information regarding the impact of the proposed termination on the market for li-censing the public performance of musical works should the motion be granted. (2) N
OTIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—During the notification de-scribed in paragraph (1), and not later than a reasonable time before the date on which the Department of Justice files with the appropriate district court of the United States a motion to terminate a consent decree between the United States and a performing rights society, the De-partment of Justice should submit to the chair-men and ranking members of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a written notification of the intent of the De-partment of Justice to file the motion. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification provided in subparagraph (A) shall include a written report to the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on the Judiciary of Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives setting forth— (i) an explanation of the process used by the Department of Justice to review the consent de-cree; (ii) a summary of the public comments re-ceived by the Department of Justice during the review by the Department; and (iii) other information provided to Congress under paragraph (1)(B). (d) S
COPE.—This section applies only to a con-sent decree between the United States and a per-forming rights society. SEC. 106. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title, and the amendments made by this title, shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE II—CLASSICS PROTECTION AND ACCESS 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Classics Protec-tion and Access Act’’. 
SEC. 202. UNAUTHORIZED USE OF PRE-1972 SOUND RECORDINGS. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAWRIGHTS ; PRO-
TECTION FOR UNAUTHORIZED USE.—Title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 301, by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 303, and in accordance with chapter 14, no sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, shall be subject to copyright under this title. With respect to sound recordings fixed before February 15, 1972, the preemptive provisions of subsection (a) shall apply to activities that are commenced on and after the date of enactment of the Classics Protection and Access Act. Noth-ing in this subsection may be construed to af-firm or negate the preemption of rights and rem-edies pertaining to any cause of action arising from the nonsubscription broadcast transmission of sound recordings under the common law or statutes of any State for activities that do not qualify as covered activities under chapter 14 undertaken during the period between the date of enactment of the Classics Protection and Ac-cess Act and the date on which the term of pro-hibition on unauthorized acts under section 1401(a)(2) expires for such sound recordings. Any potential preemption of rights and remedies related to such activities undertaken during that period shall apply in all respects as it did the day before the date of enactment of the Classics Protection and Access Act.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 14—UNAUTHORIZED USE OF PRE-1972 SOUND RECORDINGS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1401. Unauthorized use of pre-1972 sound re-cordings. ‘‘§ 1401. Unauthorized use of pre-1972 sound recordings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) U
NAUTHORIZED ACTS .—Anyone who, on or before the last day of the applicable transi-tion period under paragraph (2), and without the consent of the rights owner, engages in cov-ered activity with respect to a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, shall be subject to the remedies provided in sections 502 through 505 and 1203 to the same extent as an infringer of copyright or a person that engages in unau-thorized activity under chapter 12. ‘‘(2) T
ERM OF PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) subject to clause (ii), shall apply to a sound recording described in that paragraph— ‘‘(I) through December 31 of the year that is 95 years after the year of first publication; and ‘‘(II) for a further transition period as pre-scribed under subparagraph (B) of this para-graph; and ‘‘(ii) shall not apply to any sound recording after February 15, 2067. ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION PERIODS .— ‘‘(i) P
RE-1923 RECORDINGS .—In the case of a sound recording first published before January 1, 1923, the transition period described in sub-paragraph (A)(i)(II) shall end on December 31 of the year that is 3 years after the date of enact-ment of this section. ‘‘(ii) 1923–1946 
RECORDINGS .—In the case of a sound recording first published during the pe-riod beginning on January 1, 1923, and ending on December 31, 1946, the transition period de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i)(II) shall end on the date that is 5 years after the last day of the period described in subparagraph (A)(i)(I). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8835 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(iii) 1947–1956 RECORDINGS .—In the case of a sound recording first published during the pe-riod beginning on January 1, 1947, and ending on December 31, 1956, the transition period de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i)(II) shall end on the date that is 15 years after the last day of the period described in subparagraph (A)(i)(I). ‘‘(iv) P
OST-1956 RECORDINGS .—In the case of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, that is not described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii), the transition period described in subparagraph (A)(i)(II) shall end on February 15, 2067. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For the pur-poses of this subsection, the term ‘anyone’ in-cludes any State, any instrumentality of a State, and any officer or employee of a State or instrumentality of a State acting in the official capacity of the officer or employee, as applica-ble. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN AUTHORIZED TRANSMISSIONS AND  R
EPRODUCTIONS .—A public performance by means of a digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, or a re-production in an ephemeral phonorecord or copy of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, shall, for purposes of subsection (a), be considered to be authorized and made with the consent of the rights owner if— ‘‘(1) the transmission or reproduction would satisfy the requirements for statutory licensing under section 112(e)(1) or section 114(d)(2), or would be exempt under section 114(d)(1), as the case may be, if the sound recording were fixed on or after February 15, 1972; and ‘‘(2) the transmitting entity pays the statutory royalty for the transmission or reproduction pursuant to the rates and terms adopted under sections 112(e) and 114(f), and complies with other obligations, in the same manner as re-quired by regulations adopted by the Copyright Royalty Judges under sections 112(e) and 114(f) for sound recordings that are fixed on or after February 15, 1972, except in the case of a trans-mission that would be exempt under section 114(d)(1). ‘‘(c) C
ERTAIN NONCOMMERCIAL USES OF SOUND  R
ECORDINGS THAT ARENOTBEING COMMER -
CIALLY EXPLOITED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Noncommercial use of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, that is not being commercially exploited by or under the authority of the rights owner shall not violate subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) the person engaging in the noncommer-cial use, in order to determine whether the sound recording is being commercially exploited by or under the authority of the rights owner, makes a good faith, reasonable search for, but does not find, the sound recording— ‘‘(i) in the records of schedules filed in the Copyright Office as described in subsection (f)(5)(A); and ‘‘(ii) on services offering a comprehensive set of sound recordings for sale or streaming; ‘‘(B) the person engaging in the noncommer-cial use files a notice identifying the sound re-cording and the nature of the use in the Copy-right Office in accordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (3)(B); and ‘‘(C) during the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the notice described in sub-paragraph (B) is indexed into the public records of the Copyright Office, the rights owner of the sound recording does not, in its discretion, opt out of the noncommercial use by filing notice thereof in the Copyright Office in accordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (5). ‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) merely recovering costs of production and distribution of a sound recording resulting from a use otherwise permitted under this sub-section does not itself necessarily constitute a commercial use of the sound recording; ‘‘(B) the fact that a person engaging in the use of a sound recording also engages in com-mercial activities does not itself necessarily render the use commercial; and ‘‘(C) the fact that a person files notice of a noncommercial use of a sound recording in ac-cordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (3)(B) does not itself affect any limi-tation on the exclusive rights of a copyright owner described in section 107, 108, 109, 110, or 112(f) as applied to a claim under subsection (a) of this section pursuant to subsection (f)(1)(A) of this section. ‘‘(3) NOTICE OF COVERED ACTIVITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Register of Copyrights shall issue regulations that— ‘‘(A) provide specific, reasonable steps that, if taken by a filer, are sufficient to constitute a good faith, reasonable search under paragraph (1)(A) to determine whether a recording is being commercially exploited, including the services that satisfy the good faith, reasonable search re-quirement under paragraph (1)(A) for purposes of the safe harbor described in paragraph (4)(A); and ‘‘(B) establish the form, content, and proce-dures for the filing of notices under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(4) S
AFE HARBOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person engaging in a noncommercial use of a sound recording other-wise permitted under this subsection who estab-lishes that the person made a good faith, rea-sonable search under paragraph (1)(A) without finding commercial exploitation of the sound re-cording by or under the authority of the rights owner shall not be found to be in violation of subsection (a). ‘‘(B) S
TEPS SUFFICIENT BUT NOT NECESSARY .— Taking the specific, reasonable steps identified by the Register of Copyrights in the regulations issued under paragraph (3)(A) shall be suffi-cient, but not necessary, for a filer to satisfy the requirement to conduct a good faith, reasonable search under paragraph (1)(A) for purposes of subparagraph (A) of this paragraph. ‘‘(5) O
PTING OUT OF COVERED ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Register of Copyrights shall issue regulations es-tablishing the form, content, and procedures for the rights owner of a sound recording that is the subject of a notice under paragraph (1)(B) to, in its discretion, file notice opting out of the cov-ered activity described in the notice under para-graph (1)(B) during the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the notice under para-graph (1)(B) is indexed into the public records of the Copyright Office. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The fact that a rights holder opts out of a noncommercial use of a sound recording by filing notice thereof in the Copyright Office in accordance with the regula-tions issued under subparagraph (A) does not itself enlarge or diminish any limitation on the exclusive rights of a copyright owner described in section 107, 108, 109, 110, or 112(f) as applied to a claim under subsection (a) of this section pursuant to subsection (f)(1)(A) of this section. ‘‘(6) C
IVIL PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN ACTS .— ‘‘(A) F
ILING OF NOTICES OF NONCOMMERCIAL  
USE.—Any person who willfully engages in a pattern or practice of filing a notice of non-commercial use of a sound recording as de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) fraudulently de-scribing the use proposed, or knowing that the use proposed is not permitted under this sub-section, shall be assessed a civil penalty in an amount that is not less than $250, and not more than $1000, for each such notice, in addition to any other remedies that may be available under this title based on the actual use made. ‘‘(B) F
ILING OF OPT -OUT NOTICES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who files an opt-out notice as described in paragraph (1)(C), knowing that the person is not the rights owner or authorized to act on behalf of the rights owner of the sound recording to which the no-tice pertains, shall be assessed a civil penalty in an amount not less than $250, and not more than $1,000, for each such notice. ‘‘(ii) PATTERN OR PRACTICE .—Any person who engages in a pattern or practice of making fil-ings as described in clause (i) shall be assessed a civil penalty in an amount not less than $10,000 for each such filing. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘knowing’— ‘‘(i) does not require specific intent to de-fraud; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to information about owner-ship of the sound recording in question, means that the person— ‘‘(I) has actual knowledge of the information; ‘‘(II) acts in deliberate ignorance of the truth or falsity of the information; or ‘‘(III) acts in grossly negligent disregard of the truth or falsity of the information. ‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF ROYALTIES FOR TRANS-
MISSIONS OF PERFORMANCES BY DIRECT LICENS -
ING OF STATUTORY SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A public performance by means of a digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, shall, for purposes of subsection (a), be considered to be authorized and made with the consent of the rights owner if the transmission is made pursu-ant to a license agreement voluntarily nego-tiated at any time between the rights owner and the entity performing the sound recording. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT OF ROYALTIES TO NONPROFIT  
COLLECTIVE UNDER CERTAIN LICENSE AGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) L
ICENSES ENTERED INTO ON OR AFTER  
DATE OF ENACTMENT .—To the extent that a li-cense agreement described in paragraph (1) en-tered into on or after the date of enactment of this section extends to a public performance by means of a digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, that meets the conditions of subsection (b)— ‘‘(i) the licensee shall, with respect to such transmission, pay to the collective designated to distribute receipts from the licensing of trans-missions in accordance with section 114(f), 50 percent of the performance royalties for that transmission due under the license; and ‘‘(ii) the royalties paid under clause (i) shall be fully credited as payments due under the li-cense. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO BE -
FORE ENACTMENT .—To the extent that a license agreement described in paragraph (1), entered into during the period beginning on January 1 of the year in which this section is enacted and ending on the day before the date of enactment of this section, or a settlement agreement with a preexisting satellite digital audio radio service (as defined in section 114(j)) entered into during the period beginning on January 1, 2015, and ending on the day before the date of enactment of this section, extends to a public performance by means of a digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, that meets the conditions of subsection (b)— ‘‘(i) the rights owner shall, with respect to such transmission, pay to the collective des-ignated to distribute receipts from the licensing of transmissions in accordance with section 114(f) an amount that is equal to the difference between— ‘‘(I) 50 percent of the difference between— ‘‘(aa) the rights owner’s total gross perform-ance royalty fee receipts or settlement monies re-ceived for all such transmissions covered under the license or settlement agreement, as applica-ble; and ‘‘(bb) the rights owner’s total payments for outside legal expenses, including any payments of third-party claims, that are directly attrib-utable to the license or settlement agreement, as applicable; and ‘‘(II) the amount of any royalty receipts or settlement monies under the agreement that are distributed by the rights owner to featured and nonfeatured artists before the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(ii) the royalties paid under clause (i) shall be fully credited as payments due under the li-cense or settlement agreement, as applicable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8836 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(3) D ISTRIBUTION OF ROYALTIES AND SETTLE -
MENT MONIES BY COLLECTIVE .—The collective described in paragraph (2) shall, in accordance with subparagraphs (B) through (D) of section 114(g)(2), and paragraphs (5) and (6) of section 114(g), distribute the royalties or settlement monies received under paragraph (2) under a li-cense or settlement described in paragraph (2), which shall be the only payments to which fea-tured and nonfeatured artists are entitled by virtue of the transmissions described in para-graph (2), except for settlement monies described in paragraph (2) that are distributed by the rights owner to featured and nonfeatured artists before the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(4) P
AYMENT OF ROYALTIES UNDER LICENSE  
AGREEMENTS ENTERED BEFORE ENACTMENT OR  
NOT OTHERWISE DESCRIBED IN PARAGRAPH (2) .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that a li-cense agreement described in paragraph (1) en-tered into before the date of enactment of this section, or any other license agreement not as described in paragraph (2), extends to a public performance by means of a digital audio trans-mission of a sound recording fixed before Feb-ruary 15, 1972, that meets the conditions of sub-section (b), the payments made by the licensee pursuant to the license shall be made in accord-ance with the agreement. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL PAYMENTS NOT REQUIRED .— To the extent that a licensee has made, or will make in the future, payments pursuant to a li-cense as described in subparagraph (A), the pro-visions of paragraphs (2) and (3) shall not re-quire any additional payments from, or addi-tional financial obligations on the part of, the licensee. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prohibit the col-lective designated to distribute receipts from the licensing of transmissions in accordance with section 114(f) from administering royalty pay-ments under any license not described in para-graph (2). ‘‘(e) P
REEMPTION WITHRESPECT TO CERTAIN  P
ASTACTS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section preempts any claim of common law copyright or equivalent right under the laws of any State arising from a digital audio transmission or reproduction that is made before the date of enactment of this section of a sound recording fixed before Feb-ruary 15, 1972, if— ‘‘(A) the digital audio transmission would have satisfied the requirements for statutory li-censing under section 114(d)(2) or been exempt under section 114(d)(1), or the reproduction would have satisfied the requirements of section 112(e)(1), as the case may be, if the sound re-cording were fixed on or after February 15, 1972; and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) except in the case of a transmission that would have been exempt under section 114(d)(1), not later than 270 days after the date of enact-ment of this section, the transmitting entity pays statutory royalties and provides notice of the use of the relevant sound recordings in the same manner as required by regulations adopted by the Copyright Royalty Judges for sound re-cordings that are fixed on or after February 15, 1972, for all the digital audio transmissions and reproductions satisfying the requirements for statutory licensing under sections 112(e)(1) and 114(d)(2) during the 3 years before that date of enactment; or ‘‘(ii) an agreement voluntarily negotiated be-tween the rights owner and the entity per-forming the sound recording (including a litiga-tion settlement agreement entered into before the date of enactment of this section) authorizes or waives liability for any such transmission or reproduction and the transmitting entity has paid for and reported such digital audio trans-mission under that agreement. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR COMMON LAW  
COPYRIGHT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a claim of common law copyright or equivalent right under the laws of any State includes a claim that characterizes conduct subject to that paragraph as an unlawful distribution, act of record piracy, or similar violation. ‘‘(3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR PUBLIC PER -
FORMANCE RIGHTS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to recognize or negate the existence of public performance rights in sound recordings under the laws of any State. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATIONS ON REMEDIES .— ‘‘(1) F
AIR USE ; USES BY LIBRARIES , ARCHIVES , 
AND EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The limitations on the ex-clusive rights of a copyright owner described in sections 107, 108, 109, 110, and 112(f) shall apply to a claim under subsection (a) with respect to a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR SECTION  
108(H) .—With respect to the application of sec-tion 108(h) to a claim under subsection (a) with respect to a sound recording fixed before Feb-ruary 15, 1972, the phrase ‘during the last 20 years of any term of copyright of a published work’ in such section 108(h) shall be construed to mean at any time after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) A
CTIONS .—The limitations on actions de-scribed in section 507 shall apply to a claim under subsection (a) with respect to a sound re-cording fixed before February 15, 1972. ‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL ONLINE .—Section 512 shall apply to a claim under subsection (a) with re-spect to a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972. ‘‘(4) P
RINCIPLES OF EQUITY .—Principles of eq-uity apply to remedies for a violation of this sec-tion to the same extent as such principles apply to remedies for infringement of copyright. ‘‘(5) F
ILING REQUIREMENT FOR STATUTORY  
DAMAGES AND ATTORNEYS ’ FEES.— ‘‘(A) F
ILING OF INFORMATION ON SOUND RE -
CORDINGS .— ‘‘(i) F
ILING REQUIREMENT .—Except in the case of a transmitting entity that has filed contact information for that transmitting entity under subparagraph (B), in any action under this sec-tion, an award of statutory damages or of attor-neys’ fees under section 504 or 505 may be made with respect to an unauthorized use of a sound recording under subsection (a) only if— ‘‘(I) the rights owner has filed with the Copy-right Office a schedule that specifies the title, artist, and rights owner of the sound recording and contains such other information, as prac-ticable, as the Register of Copyrights prescribes by regulation; and ‘‘(II) the use occurs after the end of the 90- day period beginning on the date on which the information described in subclause (I) is indexed into the public records of the Copyright Office. ‘‘(ii) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Register of Copyrights shall issue regulations that— ‘‘(I) establish the form, content, and proce-dures for the filing of schedules under clause (i); ‘‘(II) provide that a person may request that the person receive timely notification of a filing described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(III) set forth the manner in which a person may make a request under subclause (II). ‘‘(B) F
ILING OF CONTACT INFORMATION FOR  
TRANSMITTING ENTITIES .— ‘‘(i) F
ILING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Register of Copyrights shall issue regula-tions establishing the form, content, and proce-dures for the filing of contact information by any entity that, as of the date of enactment of this section, performs a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, by means of a digital audio transmission. ‘‘(ii) T
IME LIMIT ON FILINGS .—The Register of Copyrights may accept filings under clause (i) only until the 180th day after the date of enact-ment of this section. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY DAMAGES AND  
ATTORNEYS ’ FEES.— ‘‘(I) LIMITATION .—An award of statutory damages or of attorneys’ fees under section 504 or 505 may not be made against an entity that has filed contact information for that entity under clause (i) with respect to an unauthorized use by that entity of a sound recording under subsection (a) if the use occurs before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the entity receives a notice that— ‘‘(aa) is sent by or on behalf of the rights owner of the sound recording; ‘‘(bb) states that the entity is not legally au-thorized to use that sound recording under sub-section (a); and ‘‘(cc) identifies the sound recording in a schedule conforming to the requirements pre-scribed by the regulations issued under subpara-graph (A)(ii). ‘‘(II) U
NDELIVERABLE NOTICES .—In any case in which a notice under subclause (I) is sent to an entity by mail or courier service and the no-tice is returned to the sender because the entity either is no longer located at the address pro-vided in the contact information filed under clause (i) or has refused to accept delivery, or the notice is sent by electronic mail and is un-deliverable, the 90-day period under subclause (I) shall begin on the date of the attempted de-livery. ‘‘(C) S
ECTION 412 .—Section 412 shall not limit an award of statutory damages under section 504(c) or attorneys’ fees under section 505 with respect to a covered activity in violation of sub-section (a). ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), no provision of this title shall apply to or limit the remedies available under this section except as otherwise provided in this section. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFINITIONS .—Any term used in this section that is defined in sec-tion 101 shall have the meaning given that term in section 101. ‘‘(g) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 230 S AFEHAR-
BOR.—For purposes of section 230 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230), subsection (a) shall be considered to be a ‘law pertaining to intellectual property’ under subsection (e)(2) of such section 230. ‘‘(h) A
PPLICATION TO RIGHTS OWNERS .— ‘‘(1) T
RANSFERS .—With respect to a rights owner described in subsection (l)(2)(B)— ‘‘(A) subsections (d) and (e) of section 201 and section 204 shall apply to a transfer described in subsection (l)(2)(B) to the same extent as with respect to a transfer of copyright ownership; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding section 411, that rights owner may institute an action with respect to a violation of this section to the same extent as the owner of an exclusive right under a copy-right may institute an action under section 501(b). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER PROVISIONS .—The following provisions shall apply to a rights owner under this section to the same extent as any copyright owner: ‘‘(A) Section 112(e)(2). ‘‘(B) Section 112(e)(7). ‘‘(C) Section 114(e). ‘‘(D) Section 114(h). ‘‘(i) E
PHEMERAL RECORDINGS .—An authorized reproduction made under this section shall be subject to section 112(g) to the same extent as a reproduction of a sound recording fixed on or after February 15, 1972. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A rights owner of, or featured recording artist who performs on, a sound recording under this chapter shall be deemed to be an interested copyright party, as defined in section 1001, to the same extent as a copyright owner or featured recording artist under chapter 10. ‘‘(k) T
REATMENT OF STATES AND STATE IN-
STRUMENTALITIES , OFFICERS , ANDEMPLOYEES .— Any State, and any instrumentality, officer, or employee described in subsection (a)(3), shall be subject to the provisions of this section in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8837 September 25, 2018 
same manner and to the same extent as any nongovernmental entity. ‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED ACTIVITY .—The term ‘covered activity’ means any activity that the copyright owner of a sound recording would have the ex-clusive right to do or authorize under section 106 or 602, or that would violate section 1201 or 1202, if the sound recording were fixed on or after February 15, 1972. ‘‘(2) R
IGHTS OWNER .—The term ‘rights owner’ means— ‘‘(A) the person that has the exclusive right to reproduce a sound recording under the laws of any State, as of the day before the date of en-actment of this section; or ‘‘(B) any person to which a right to enforce a violation of this section may be transferred, in whole or in part, after the date of enactment of this section, under— ‘‘(i) subsections (d) and (e) of section 201; and ‘‘(ii) section 204.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters for title 17, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘14. Unauthorized use of pre-1972 sound recordings ........................... 1401’’. TITLE III—ALLOCATION FOR MUSIC PRODUCERS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Allocation for Music Producers Act’’ or the ‘‘AMP Act’’. 
SEC. 302. PAYMENT OF STATUTORY PERFORM-ANCE ROYALTIES. 
(a) L ETTER OF DIRECTION .—Section 114(g) of title 17, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(5) L
ETTER OF DIRECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A nonprofit collective des-ignated by the Copyright Royalty Judges to dis-tribute receipts from the licensing of trans-missions in accordance with subsection (f) shall adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides, in circumstances determined by the collective to be appropriate, for acceptance of instructions from a payee identified under sub-paragraph (A) or (D) of paragraph (2) to dis-tribute, to a producer, mixer, or sound engineer who was part of the creative process that cre-ated a sound recording, a portion of the pay-ments to which the payee would otherwise be entitled from the licensing of transmissions of the sound recording. In this section, such in-structions shall be referred to as a ‘letter of di-rection’. ‘‘(B) A
CCEPTANCE OF LETTER .—To the extent that a collective described in subparagraph (A) accepts a letter of direction under that subpara-graph, the person entitled to payment pursuant to the letter of direction shall, during the period in which the letter of direction is in effect and carried out by the collective, be treated for all purposes as the owner of the right to receive such payment, and the payee providing the let-ter of direction to the collective shall be treated as having no interest in such payment. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY OF COLLECTIVE .—This para-graph shall not be construed in such a manner so that the collective is not authorized to accept or act upon payment instructions in cir-cumstances other than those to which this para-graph applies.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR RECORDINGS  F
IXED BEFORE NOVEMBER 1, 1995.—Section 114(g) of title 17, United States Code, as amend-ed by subsection (a), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
OUND RECORDINGS FIXED BEFORE NOVEM -
BER 1 , 1995.— ‘‘(A) P
AYMENT ABSENT LETTER OF DIREC -
TION.—A nonprofit collective designated by the Copyright Royalty Judges to distribute receipts from the licensing of transmissions in accord-ance with subsection (f) (in this paragraph re-ferred to as the ‘collective’) shall adopt and rea-sonably implement a policy that provides, in cir-cumstances determined by the collective to be appropriate, for the deduction of 2 percent of all the receipts that are collected from the licensing of transmissions of a sound recording fixed be-fore November 1, 1995, but which is withdrawn from the amount otherwise payable under para-graph (2)(D) to the recording artist or artists featured on the sound recording (or the persons conveying rights in the artists’ performance in the sound recording), and the distribution of such amount to 1 or more persons described in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, after de-duction of costs described in paragraph (3) or (4), as applicable, if each of the following re-quirements is met: ‘‘(i) CERTIFICATION OF ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN A  
LETTER OF DIRECTION .—The person described in subparagraph (B) who is to receive the distribu-tion has certified to the collective, under pen-alty of perjury, that— ‘‘(I) for a period of not less than 120 days, that person made reasonable efforts to contact the artist payee for such sound recording to re-quest and obtain a letter of direction instructing the collective to pay to that person a portion of the royalties payable to the featured recording artist or artists; and ‘‘(II) during the period beginning on the date on which that person began the reasonable ef-forts described in subclause (I) and ending on the date of that person’s certification to the col-lective, the artist payee did not affirm or deny in writing the request for a letter of direction. ‘‘(ii) C
OLLECTIVE ATTEMPT TO CONTACT ART -
IST.—After receipt of the certification described in clause (i) and for a period of not less than 120 days before the first distribution by the collec-tive to the person described in subparagraph (B), the collective attempts, in a reasonable manner as determined by the collective, to no-tify the artist payee of the certification made by the person described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(iii) N
O OBJECTION RECEIVED .—The artist payee does not, as of the date that was 10 busi-ness days before the date on which the first dis-tribution is made, submit to the collective in writing an objection to the distribution. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT .—A person shall be eligible for payment under subpara-graph (A) if the person— ‘‘(i) is a producer, mixer, or sound engineer of the sound recording; ‘‘(ii) has entered into a written contract with a record company involved in the creation or lawful exploitation of the sound recording, or with the recording artist or artists featured on the sound recording (or the persons conveying rights in the artists’ performance in the sound recording), under which the person seeking pay-ment is entitled to participate in royalty pay-ments that are based on the exploitation of the sound recording and are payable from royalties otherwise payable to the recording artist or art-ists featured on the sound recording (or the per-sons conveying rights in the artists’ performance in the sound recording); ‘‘(iii) made a creative contribution to the cre-ation of the sound recording; and ‘‘(iv) submits to the collective— ‘‘(I) a written certification stating, under pen-alty of perjury, that the person meets the re-quirements in clauses (i) through (iii); and ‘‘(II) a true copy of the contract described in clause (ii). ‘‘(C) M
ULTIPLE CERTIFICATIONS .—Subject to subparagraph (D), in a case in which more than 1 person described in subparagraph (B) has met the requirements for a distribution under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a sound recording as of the date that is 10 business days before the date on which the distribution is made, the col-lective shall divide the 2 percent distribution equally among all such persons. ‘‘(D) O
BJECTION TO PAYMENT .—Not later than 10 business days after the date on which the col-lective receives from the artist payee a written objection to a distribution made pursuant to subparagraph (A), the collective shall cease making any further payment relating to such distribution. In any case in which the collective has made 1 or more distributions pursuant to subparagraph (A) to a person described in sub-paragraph (B) before the date that is 10 business days after the date on which the collective re-ceives from the artist payee an objection to such distribution, the objection shall not affect that person’s entitlement to any distribution made before the collective ceases such distribution under this subparagraph. ‘‘(E) OWNERSHIP OF THE RIGHT TO RECEIVE  
PAYMENTS .—To the extent that the collective de-termines that a distribution will be made under subparagraph (A) to a person described in sub-paragraph (B), such person shall, during the period covered by such distribution, be treated for all purposes as the owner of the right to re-ceive such payments, and the artist payee to whom such payments would otherwise be pay-able shall be treated as having no interest in such payments. ‘‘(F) A
RTIST PAYEE DEFINED .—In this para-graph, the term ‘artist payee’ means a person, other than a person described in subparagraph (B), who owns the right to receive all or part of the receipts payable under paragraph (2)(D) with respect to a sound recording. In a case in which there are multiple artist payees with re-spect to a sound recording, an objection by 1 such payee shall apply only to that payee’s share of the receipts payable under paragraph (2)(D), and shall not preclude payment under subparagraph (A) from the share of an artist payee that does not so object.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 114(g) of title 17, United States Code, as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘An agent designated’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided for in paragraph (6), a nonprofit collective des-ignated by the Copyright Royalty Judges’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘nonprofit agent designated’’ and inserting ‘‘nonprofit collective designated by the Copyright Royalty Judges’’; (B) by striking ‘‘another designated agent’’ and inserting ‘‘another designated nonprofit collective’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘agent’’ and inserting ‘‘collec-tive’’ each subsequent place it appears; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘designated agent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘nonprofit collective’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘agent’’ and inserting ‘‘collec-tive’’ each subsequent place it appears; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
REEMPTION OF STATE PROPERTY LAWS .— The holding and distribution of receipts under section 112 and this section by a nonprofit col-lective designated by the Copyright Royalty Judges in accordance with this subsection and regulations adopted by the Copyright Royalty Judges, or by an independent administrator pur-suant to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 114(g)(2), shall supersede and preempt any State law (including common law) concerning escheatment or abandoned property, or any analogous provision, that might otherwise apply.’’. 
SEC. 303. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), this title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect on the date of en-actment of this Act. (b) D
ELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraphs (5)(B) and (6)(E) of section 114(g) of title 17, United States Code, as added by section 302, shall take effect on January 1, 2020. TITLE IV—SEVERABILITY 
SEC. 401. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amendment made by this Act, or any application of such provision or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the applica-tion of the provision or amendment to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.099 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8838 September 25, 2018 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1551 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 48) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 48 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 1551, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing corrections: (1) Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes.’’. (2) In section 1(a), strike ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch’’ and insert ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch–Bob Goodlatte’’. Passed the Senate September 25, 2018. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MARRAKESH TREATY IMPLEMENTATION ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2559) to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marra-kesh Treaty, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2559 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marrakesh Treaty Implementation Act’’. SEC. 2. IMPLEMENTATION AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 121— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘in the United States’’ after ‘‘distribute’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘, nondramatic’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘or of a previously pub-lished musical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation’’ after ‘‘literary work’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘specialized formats’’ and inserting ‘‘accessible formats’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘blind or other persons with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible per-sons’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘in the United States’’ after ‘‘distributed’’; (II) by striking ‘‘a specialized format’’ and inserting ‘‘an accessible format’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘blind or other persons with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible per-sons’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a spe-cialized format’’ and inserting ‘‘an accessible format’’; (C) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘spe-cialized formats’’ and inserting ‘‘accessible formats’’; and (D) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (1) as para-graph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (iv) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) ‘accessible format’ means an alter-native manner or form that gives an eligible person access to the work when the copy or phonorecord in the accessible format is used exclusively by the eligible person to permit him or her to have access as feasibly and comfortably as a person without such dis-ability as described in paragraph (3);’’; (v) by inserting after paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(3) ‘eligible person’ means an individual who, regardless of any other disability— ‘‘(A) is blind; ‘‘(B) has a visual impairment or perceptual or reading disability that cannot be im-proved to give visual function substantially equivalent to that of a person who has no such impairment or disability and so is un-able to read printed works to substantially the same degree as a person without an im-pairment or disability; or ‘‘(C) is otherwise unable, through physical disability, to hold or manipulate a book or to focus or move the eyes to the extent that would be normally acceptable for reading; and’’; and (vi) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (2) by inserting after section 121 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 121A. Limitations on exclusive rights: re-production for blind or other people with disabilities in Marrakesh Treaty countries ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding the provisions of sec-tions 106 and 602, it is not an infringement of copyright for an authorized entity, acting pursuant to this section, to export copies or phonorecords of a previously published lit-erary work or of a previously published mu-sical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation in accessible formats to an-other country when the exportation is made either to— ‘‘(1) an authorized entity located in a coun-try that is a Party to the Marrakesh Treaty; or ‘‘(2) an eligible person in a country that is a Party to the Marrakesh Treaty, if prior to the exportation of such copies or phonorecords, the authorized entity engaged in the exportation did not know or have rea-sonable grounds to know that the copies or phonorecords would be used other than by el-igible persons. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of sec-tions 106 and 602, it is not an infringement of copyright for an authorized entity or an eli-gible person, or someone acting on behalf of an eligible person, acting pursuant to this section, to import copies or phonorecords of a previously published literary work or of a previously published musical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation in accessible formats. ‘‘(c) In conducting activities under sub-section (a) or (b), an authorized entity shall establish and follow its own practices, in keeping with its particular circumstances, to— ‘‘(1) establish that the persons the author-ized entity serves are eligible persons; ‘‘(2) limit to eligible persons and author-ized entities the distribution of accessible format copies by the authorized entity; ‘‘(3) discourage the reproduction and dis-tribution of unauthorized copies; ‘‘(4) maintain due care in, and records of, the handling of copies of works by the au-thorized entity, while respecting the privacy of eligible persons on an equal basis with others; and ‘‘(5) facilitate effective cross-border ex-change of accessible format copies by mak-ing publicly available— ‘‘(A) the titles of works for which the au-thorized entity has accessible format copies or phonorecords and the specific accessible formats in which they are available; and ‘‘(B) information on the policies, practices, and authorized entity partners of the author-ized entity for the cross-border exchange of accessible format copies. ‘‘(d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to establish— ‘‘(1) a cause of action under this title; or ‘‘(2) a basis for regulation by any Federal agency. ‘‘(e) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the ability to engage in any activity otherwise permitted under this title. ‘‘(f) For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) the terms ‘accessible format’, ‘author-ized entity’, and ‘eligible person’ have the meanings given those terms in section 121; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘Marrakesh Treaty’ means the Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works by Visually Impaired Persons and Persons with Print Disabilities concluded at Marrakesh, Morocco, on June 28, 2013.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1 of title 17, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 121 the fol-lowing: ‘‘121A. Limitations on exclusive rights: re-production for blind or other people with disabilities in Mar-rakesh Treaty countries.’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.098 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8839 September 25, 2018 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 2327 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may here-after be considered to be the first spon-sor of H.R. 2327, a bill originally intro-duced by Representative R
ONDESANTIS  of Florida, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
f 
PREVENTING CHILD EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2018 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6847) to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand and strengthen Federal sex offenses, to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6847 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Child Exploitation Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING FEDERAL SEX OFFENSE LAWS Sec. 101. Expanding the definition of illicit sexual conduct. Sec. 102. Expanding the definition of Federal sex offense. Sec. 103. Failure of sex offenders to register. Sec. 104. Prior military offenses included for purposes of recidivist sen-tencing provisions. Sec. 105. Sexual exploitation of children. Sec. 106. Limited liability for certain per-sons when responding to search warrants or other legal process. TITLE II—ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Sex offender management assist-ance (SOMA) program reau-thorization. Sec. 203. Reauthorization of Federal assist-ance with respect to violations of registration requirements. Sec. 204. Duration of sex offender registra-tion requirements for certain juveniles. Sec. 205. Public access to juvenile sex of-fender information. Sec. 206. Protection of local governments from State noncompliance pen-alty under SORNA. Sec. 207. Additional information to be in-cluded in annual report on en-forcement of registration re-quirements. Sec. 208. Ensuring supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. Sec. 209. Tribal Access Program. Sec. 210. Alternative mechanisms for in-per-son verification. Sec. 211. Clarification of aggravated sexual abuse. Sec. 212. Comprehensive examination of sex offender issues. Sec. 213. Assisting States with juvenile reg-istration. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING FEDERAL SEX OFFENSE LAWS SEC. 101. EXPANDING THE DEFINITION OF IL-LICIT SEXUAL CONDUCT. 
Section 2423(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a sexual act (as defined in section 2246) with’’ and inserting ‘‘any con-duct involving’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘if the sexual act’’ and in-serting ‘‘if the conduct’’. 
SEC. 102. EXPANDING THE DEFINITION OF FED-ERAL SEX OFFENSE. 
Section 3559 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(2)(A)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘2244(a)(1)’’ the fol-lowing ‘‘or 2244(a)(5)’’; (B) by striking the ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘2423(a)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘into prostitution’’; and (D) by inserting ‘‘or 2423(c) (relating to il-licit sexual conduct)’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (2) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘or 2423(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2423(a), or 2423(c)’’. 
SEC. 103. FAILURE OF SEX OFFENDERS TO REG-ISTER. 
Section 2250(d) of title 18, United State Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘Federal law (includ-ing the Uniform Code of Military Justice),’’ the following: ‘‘State law,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘crime of violence’ has the meaning given such term in section 16.’’. 
SEC. 104. PRIOR MILITARY OFFENSES INCLUDED FOR PURPOSES OF RECIDIVIST SEN-TENCING PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GGRAVATED SEXUAL ABUSE .—Section 2241(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘State offense’’ the following: ‘‘or an offense under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice’’. (b) S
EXUAL EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN .— Section 2251(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (c) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MATE-
RIAL INVOLVING THE SEXUAL EXPLOITATION OF  M
INORS .—Section 2252 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (d) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MATE-
RIAL CONSTITUTING OR CONTAINING CHILD POR-
NOGRAPHY .—Section 2252A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (e) R
EPEAT OFFENDERS .—Section 2426(b)(1)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘State law’’ the following: ‘‘or the Uniform Code of Military Justice’’. (f) SENTENCING CLASSIFICATION .—Section 3559 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (e)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘State sex offense’’ and in-serting ‘‘State or Military sex offense’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘under State law’’ the following: ‘‘or the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(C), by inserting after ‘‘State’’ the following: ‘‘or Military’’. 
SEC. 105. SEXUAL EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN. 
Section 2251 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsections (a) and (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) Any person who, in a circumstance de-scribed in subsection (f), knowingly— ‘‘(1) employs, uses, persuades, induces, en-tices, or coerces a minor to engage in any sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing any visual depiction of such con-duct, or transmitting a live visual depiction of such conduct; ‘‘(2) produces or causes to be produced a visual depiction of a minor engaged in any sexually explicit conduct where the produc-tion of such visual depiction involves the use of a minor engaging in sexually explicit con-duct and such visual depiction is of such con-duct; ‘‘(3) transmits or causes to be transmitted a live visual depiction of a minor engaged in any sexually explicit conduct; ‘‘(4) has a minor assist any other person to engage in any sexually explicit conduct dur-ing the commission of an offense set forth in paragraphs (1) through (3) of this subsection; or ‘‘(5) transports any minor in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce with the in-tent that such minor be used in the produc-tion or live transmission of a visual depic-tion of a minor engaged in any sexually ex-plicit conduct, shall be punished as provided under sub-section (e). ‘‘(b) Any parent, legal guardian, or person having custody or control of a minor who, in a circumstance described in subsection (f), knowingly permits such minor to engage in, or to assist any other person to engage in, sexually explicit conduct knowing that a vis-ual depiction of such conduct will be pro-duced or transmitted shall be punished as provided under subsection (e).’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘employs, uses, persuades, induces, entices, or coerces any minor to en-gage in, or who has a minor assist any other person to engage in, any sexually explicit conduct’’ and inserting ‘‘engages in any con-duct described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, for the purpose of pro-ducing any visual depiction of such con-duct,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting after ‘‘transported’’ the following: ‘‘or trans-mitted’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting after ‘‘transports’’ the following; ‘‘or transmits’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) The circumstances referred to in sub-sections (a) and (b) are— ‘‘(1) that the person knows or has reason to know that such visual depiction will be— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; ‘‘(2) the visual depiction was produced or transmitted using materials that have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.100 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8840 September 25, 2018 
mailed, or shipped or transported in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including by computer; ‘‘(3) such visual depiction has actually been— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; or ‘‘(4) any part of the offense occurred in a territory or possession of the United States or within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no criminal charge under subsection (a)(3) may be brought against an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider unless such provider has intentionally transmitted or caused to be transmitted a visual depic-tion with actual knowledge that such depic-tion is of a minor engaged in sexually ex-plicit conduct, nor may any such criminal charge be brought if barred by the provisions of section 2258B.’’. 
SEC. 106. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN PER-SONS WHEN RESPONDING TO SEARCH WARRANTS OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS. 
Section 2258B of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘from the response to a search warrant or other legal process or’’ before ‘‘from the performance’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘the response to a search warrant or other legal process or to’’ before ‘‘the performance of any responsibility’’. TITLE II—ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. SEX OFFENDER MANAGEMENT ASSIST-ANCE (SOMA) PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION. 
Section 126(d) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20928(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $20,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, to be avail-able only for the SOMA program.’’. 
SEC. 203. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE WITH RESPECT TO VIOLA-TIONS OF REGISTRATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 142(b) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20941(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, of amounts made available to the United States Marshals Service, not less than $60,000,000 shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 204. DURATION OF SEX OFFENDER REG-ISTRATION REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN JUVENILES. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 115(b)(2) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20915(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. 
SEC. 205. PUBLIC ACCESS TO JUVENILE SEX OF-FENDER INFORMATION. 
Section 118(c) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20920(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon in paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) any information about a sex offender for whom the offense giving rise to the duty to register was an offense for which the of-fender was adjudicated delinquent; and’’. SEC. 206. PROTECTION OF LOCAL GOVERNMENTS FROM STATE NONCOMPLIANCE PEN-ALTY UNDER SORNA. 
Section 125 of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20927(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘jurisdiction’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘State’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subpart 1 of part E’’ and inserting ‘‘section 505(c)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 10156(c))’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ALCULATION OF ALLOCATION TO UNITS 
OFLOCAL GOVERNMENT .—Notwithstanding the formula under section 505(c) of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10156(c)), a State which is subject to a reduction in funding under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) calculate the amount to be made available to units of local government by the State pursuant to the formula under section 505(c) using the amount that would other-wise be allocated to that State for that fiscal year under section 505(c) of that Act, and make such amount available to such units of local government; and ‘‘(2) retain for the purposes described in section 501 any amount remaining after the allocation required by paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 207. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO BE IN-CLUDED IN ANNUAL REPORT ON EN-FORCEMENT OF REGISTRATION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 635 of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20991) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than July 1 of each year’’ and inserting ‘‘On January 1 of each year,’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and an analysis of any common reasons for non-compliance with such Act’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (5) by adding after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) the number of sex offenders registered in the National Sex Offender Registry; ‘‘(7) the number of sex offenders registered in the National Sex Offender Registry who— ‘‘(A) are adults; ‘‘(B) are juveniles; and ‘‘(C) are adults, but who are required to register as a result of conduct committed as a juvenile; and ‘‘(8) to the extent such information is ob-tainable, of the number of sex offenders reg-istered in the National Sex Offender Registry who are juveniles— ‘‘(A) the percentage of such offenders who were adjudicated delinquent; and ‘‘(B) the percentage of such offenders who were prosecuted as adults.’’. 
SEC. 208. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and in-serting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 209. TRIBAL ACCESS PROGRAM. 
The Attorney General is authorized to pro-vide technical assistance, including equip-ment, to tribal governments for the purpose of enabling such governments to access, enter information into, and obtain informa-tion from, Federal criminal information databases, as authorized under section 534(d) of title 28, United States Code. The Depart-ment of Justice Working Capital Fund (es-tablished under section 527 of title 28, United States Code) may be reimbursed by federally recognized tribes for technical assistance provided pursuant to this section. SEC. 210. ALTERNATIVE MECHANISMS FOR IN- PERSON VERIFICATION. 
Section 116 of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20918) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A sex offender shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), a sex offender shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
LTERNATIVE VERIFICATION METHOD .— A jurisdiction may allow a sex offender to comply with the requirements under sub-section (a) by an alternative verification method approved by the Attorney General, except that each offender shall appear in per-son not less than one time per year. The At-torney General shall approve an alternative verification method described in this sub-section prior to its implementation by a ju-risdiction in order to ensure that such meth-od provides for verification that is sufficient to ensure the public safety.’’. 
SEC. 211. CLARIFICATION OF AGGRAVATED SEX-UAL ABUSE. 
Section 111(8) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20911(8)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of’’ before ‘‘section 2241 of title 18, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 212. COMPREHENSIVE EXAMINATION OF SEX OFFENDER ISSUES. 
Section 634(c) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2018, the National Institute of Justice shall submit to Congress a report on the public safety im-pact, recidivism, and collateral consequences of long-term registration of juvenile sex of-fenders, based on the information collected for the study under subsection (a) and any other information the National Institute of Justice determines necessary for such re-port.’’. 
SEC. 213. ASSISTING STATES WITH JUVENILE REGISTRATION. 
Section 125 of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20927) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPLEMENTATION FOR JU-
VENILE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a jurisdic-tion that uses a discretionary process for de-termining whether registration under this Act is required for juveniles 14 years of age or older who are adjudicated delinquent for sex offenses described in section 111(8), the Attorney General, in assessing whether the jurisdiction has substantially implemented this title with respect to the registration of such juveniles, may examine the policies and practices that the jurisdiction has in place— ‘‘(A) related to the prosecution as adults, of juveniles who commit sex offenses de-scribed in section 111(8); ‘‘(B) related to the registration under this Act of juveniles adjudicated delinquent for such an offense; and ‘‘(C) related to the identification, tracking, monitoring, or managing of juveniles adju-dicated delinquent for such offenses who re-side in the jurisdiction, including policies and practices to ensure that the records of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.056 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8841 September 25, 2018 
their identities and sex offenses are available as needed for public safety purposes. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION BY JURISDICTION .—A juris- diction described in paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to the Attorney General an explanation for how the discretionary process used by the jurisdiction with respect to the registration of juveniles under this Act should be consid-ered substantial implementation of this title. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—The Attorney Gen-eral may determine that a jurisdiction has substantially implemented this title if the Attorney General determines that the poli-cies and practices described in paragraph (1) have resulted or will result in the registra-tion, identification, tracking, monitoring, or management of juveniles who commit sex of-fenses described in section 111(8), and in the availability of the identities and sex offenses of such juveniles as needed for public safety purposes, in a manner that does not substan-tially disserve the purposes of this title.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Alabama. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 6847, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased we are vot-ing today on the Preventing Child Ex-ploitation Act, which rolls together four bills the House considered and passed last year but the Senate failed to take up and pass. Each of them will make important changes to Federal law to protect children. I would like to thank my col-leagues—Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER —for their ex-cellent work in crafting and intro-ducing these bills with me and their critical efforts to move them through the House earlier this Congress. The first part of H.R. 6847 is the bill I introduced, the ‘‘Roby bill.’’ It closes a significant loophole in pursuing of-fenders who engage in sex tourism and prey on children abroad. Specifically, the bill ensures that the definition of ‘‘illicit sexual conduct’’ includes all po-tential situations where an adult de-fendant may abuse a child under these circumstances. No longer will they be able to go and prey on foreign children without facing the possibility of sig-nificant punishment at home. They will also not be able to escape en-hanced sentences for doing so. The bill also closes loopholes that permit those who sexually degrade, hu-miliate, and abuse children under 12 to avoid sentencing enhancements for re-peat offenses. Congress always intended for chil-dren to have the greatest protections, and we must ensure that our laws re-flect that intent. The next part of H.R. 6847, the ‘‘Ratcliffe bill,’’ closes yet another loophole regarding offenders who com-mit violent crimes while they are in noncompliant status as sex offenders. Currently, this enhancement applies only to those who committed crimes of violence under Federal, Tribal, D.C., or military law, and the law of any terri-tory or possession of the United States. This bill adds State crimes of vio-lence as predicate convictions, thus en-suring all sex offenders who have been convicted of crimes of violence face heightened punishment where they fail to register. Presently, certain recidivist provi-sions are not consistent with respect to conduct covered when someone has a prior sex conviction under Federal and State law, as opposed to military law. For instance, under current law, an of-fender with certain prior military child pornography convictions would not qualify for a sentencing enhancement that someone convicted under a Fed-eral statute would, even if their con-duct was the same. This bill fixes this and makes sure that those recidivist enhancements are applied consistently. The third part of H.R. 6847, the ‘‘Johnson bill,’’ fixes a judicially cre-ated loophole in the Federal production of child pornography statute. In United States versus Palomino-Coronado, the Fourth Circuit reversed a conviction for production of child pornography for insufficient evidence, allowing a de-fendant to walk free from production of child pornography charges despite pho-tographic evidence he created that he had engaged in sexual abuse of a 7- year-old child. In doing so, the court suggested that a defendant must initiate sexually il-licit conduct with the specific intent to create child pornography. This decision has extremely undesirable con-sequences in the prosecution of the production of child pornography. It has created a new defense whereby a de-fendant can merely deny a preformed, specific intent to record a sexual of-fense of a minor and escape Federal conviction. That is an outrageous result, and Congress’ intervention is required to fix the statute. The creation of child pornography must be adequately de-terred, and this fix ensures that it will be. Finally, H.R. 6847 includes the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act, introduced by Crime Subcommittee Chairman S
ENSENBRENNER , the author of the original Walsh Act. The bill reauthor-izes the Sex Offender Management As-sistance Program and provides funding for the United States Marshals Service, which is tasked with identifying and apprehending unregistered sex offend-ers. It also adds new provisions that aim to improve the Sex Offender Reg-istration and Notification Act and make it easier for States to comply. Thus far, 17 States, 108 Tribes, and 3 territories are in substantial compli-ance with the law. The intent of this bill is to ensure many more jurisdic-tions come into compliance. Over the past several years, DOJ has worked closely with the States to achieve this goal by promulgating flexible guidelines via the continued hard work of the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending, Registering, and Tracking, or the SMART Office. This bill takes several concrete steps to encourage compliance. For example, it addresses concerns many have ad-dressed about juvenile offenders. It is important to keep in mind that only juveniles who have committed the most serious sex offenses are subject to registration under SORNA. Neverthe-less, this bill lessens the amount of time a juvenile who commits certain offenses and keeps a clean record must be on the registry. If these youths keep a clean record for 15 years, they may petition to leave the registry. Additionally, the bill codifies 2016 DOJ guidelines which permit the SMART Office to deem a State in sub-stantial compliance with the act even if it maintains a discretionary juvenile registry. Further, the bill alleviates the cost of implementation by explicitly per-mitting alternative means for in-per-son check-ins for registrants and less-ening the number of required check- ins. This is a reasonable amendment that will help States with significant rural populations achieve compliance. I want to thank all my colleagues. I am glad to have had the opportunity to introduce the comprehensive child pro-tection bill, which, as I have already noted, will strengthen Federal law to protect children. I also want to, again, thank Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for their work. There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children. I implore my col-leagues to take that to heart and sup-port this vital, well-crafted, common-sense legislation. I urge every person in this room to consider this bill, not just as a Member of Congress, but as a par-ent, a grandparent, an aunt, an uncle, or a friend. Please join me today in supporting this bill and protecting our children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be on the floor with a fellow colleague in the Judiciary Committee, and we have a similar passion for children over the years. I am pleased to be able to acknowl-edge the work that the Walsh family, tragically, has had to do in honor of their son, Adam Walsh, and their reau-thorization act, which has had a major impact on child violent crimes. So, in this set of bills is H.R. 1188, which I in-tend to speak on as it relates to pro-tecting our children, but also are bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.056 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8842 September 25, 2018 
H.R. 1761, H.R. 1842, and H.R. 1862, which we know would expand unjust mandatory minimum sentences. b1930 So the Adam Walsh Act established the Sex Offender Registration Notifica-tion Act, often referred to as SORNA, as the national system for the registra-tion of sex offenders. Everyone knows the tragic story of young Adam Walsh and the Walsh fam-ily that has committed themselves to years of fighting against violent sex of-fenders who have impacted our chil-dren. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act, however, that is included in H.R. 6847, reflects changes recommended to SORNA by the Judiciary Committee when it last reauthorized the Adam Walsh Act in 2012 to improve the re-quirements for States to register sex offenders. States that fail to substan-tially implement SORNA are subject to a 10 percent reduction in Federal grants under the Edward Byrne Memo-rial Justice Assistance Grant. Commendably, the reauthorization provisions that are included in this overall omnibus bill will allow States discretion in determining whether ju-venile sex offender information will be publicly accessible via the internet, a step forward as it relates to com-prehensive criminal justice reform ad-dressing questions that recognize the difference for juveniles, and it would reduce the time that certain but not all juvenile sex offenders adjudicated as delinquent are required to register from 25 years to 15 years. I welcome these changes as steps in the right direction, which is what hap-pens when we work in a bipartisan manner, to address some of the exist-ing concerns with SORNA, which I sup-ported as H.R. 1188 last year. Now, what has happened is that we have H.R. 6847 that incorporates a number of other bills with problematic provisions that would add new offenses to the criminal code requiring manda-tory life imprisonment for certain re-peat sex offenders. No one is coddling or condoning or supporting any of these heinous acts or individuals. Under section 3559(e) of title 18 of the U.S. Code, a defendant who has been previously convicted of a felony, Federal or State, sex offense committed against a child and who is guilty of a predicate Federal sex of-fense against a child must be sentenced to life imprisonment. H.R. 6847 would amend H.R. 3559 to add more Federal predicate offenses on which to base imposition of a life sen-tence, namely, sexual contact with a minor. Missing is the fact of not allow-ing judges to be involved in the sen-tencing of these particular offenses. This bill would also remove the re-quirement that a Federal predicate of-fense relating to coercion or entice-ment of a minor be related to prostitu-tion. As a result, this bill would allow coercion or enticement of a minor into any criminal sexual activity to serve as a basis for imposition of a manda-tory life sentence. Repeat offenders, of course, would be subject to increased penalties, and, for some offenses, life imprisonment is appropriate. Again, however, it is taking away the discretion of the judge in the review of these matters. Yet Congress should not mandate life imprisonment as the only sentencing option. Another set of problematic provi-sions within H.R. 6847, unfortunately, results in the expanded imposition of mandatory minimum sentencing, and so this leads many to be concerned and to be against. In another addition to the Federal crimes of violence already included in the statute providing penalties for fail-ing to register as a sex offender, H.R. 6847 would add State crimes of violence as predicate offenses that, in turn, would require the imposition of a man-datory 5-year sentence to be served consecutively to any sentence imposed for failing to register or comply with sex offender registration, again, taking away the discretion of the court. The bill would also add prior military child sex offenses to several recidivist sentencing provisions, most of which carry mandatory minimum penalties of at least 15 years to life. Lastly, the bill would amend section 2251 to create two new offenses that prohibit causing the production of a visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct and the transmission or causing the trans-mission of a live visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit con-duct, such as live-streaming. In effect, these provisions would add a new class of offenders subject to man-datory minimum sentencing, specifi-cally 15 to 30 years in prison. Yet this bill fails to provide any Romeo and Ju-liet exceptions. Consequently, the pen-alties apply even when conduct is con-sensual and when the victim and of-fender are close in age. For example, if a 19-year-old and 17- year-old videoed themselves engaged in a sexual act and email the video to their own email account, the 19-year- old would be subject to mandatory minimums set by section 2251 as amended by this bill. That is why I of-fered an amendment when this issue was last heard before our committee. My amendment would have been the Romeo and Juliet, which would have simply amended the provision that de-fines which juvenile adjudications of delinquency qualify as offenses which trigger mandatory registration. As harsh as we need to be on these of-fenses, I am also concerned that we look to the reform of the juvenile sys-tem and not criminalize acts between juveniles. It would have added a new requirement that an adjudication for an otherwise qualifying offense would trigger the registration only if the judge presiding over the delinquency proceedings finds that the registration is necessary to protect the public safe-ty based on a variety of factors. We all have the same common goal, and that common goal is to protect our children; but, unfortunately, there are children who are actors in this, and we want to allow the judge to discern what harsh penalties they should get. Frankly, my Romeo and Juliet amend-ment would have responded to two kids doing what kids sometimes do. Unfor-tunately, those provisions were not in-cluded. For far too long, the Federal crimi-nal justice system has relied on an unsustainable system of mass incarcer-ation that is largely driven by inflexi-ble mandatory minimum sentences. Mandatory minimums are not nec-essary to impose appropriate sen-tences. The judge at sentencing has all the information he or she needs to impose a sentence commensurate with the crime committed and the culpability of the offender. Therefore, I note the issues that we have with a good bill and then the imposition of mandatory minimums. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce and former member of the House Judiciary Com-mittee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6847. The legislation exposes addi-tional persons to preexisting manda-tory minimum sentences of 15, 25, 35, or even mandatory life in prison. While I support the underlying goal of pun-ishing sex offenders and I agree that they should be punished harshly, I stand against mandatory minimums. For decades now, extensive research and evidence has demonstrated that mandatory minimums fail to reduce crime; they discriminate against mi-norities; they waste the taxpayer’s money; and they often require a judge to impose sentences so bizarre that they violate common sense. Unfortunately, there are already too many mandatory minimums in the Federal code. If we ever expect to do anything about that problem and actu-ally address this driver of mass incar-ceration, the first step we have to take is to stop passing or expanding manda-tory minimums. The mandatory minimums in the code today did not get there all at once. They got there one at a time, each one part of a larger bill, which, on balance, would seem like a good idea. Giving lip service to the suggestion that you would have preferred that the mandatory minimum not be in the bill but then vote for the bill anyway not only creates the new mandatory min-imum, but it also guarantees that those who support mandatory mini-mums would include them in the next 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.102 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8843 September 25, 2018 
crime bill. Therefore, the only way to stop passing new mandatory minimums is to stop passing bills that contain or broaden the application of mandatory minimums. This bill is particularly appalling be-cause it would impose mandatory min-imum sentences on teenagers who are doing what many teenagers do. For ex-ample, teenage sexting is widespread, that is, texting sexually explicit pic-tures. Under this bill, teenagers who privately send photos of a sexual na-ture to each other may be prosecuted, and, if convicted, the judge must sen-tence them to at least 15 years in pris-on. The bill explicitly states that some of these mandatory minimums will apply equally to attempts or conspir-acies. That means if a teenager at-tempts to obtain a photo of sexually explicit conduct by requesting it from his teenage girlfriend, the judge must sentence that teenager to at least 15 years for making that attempt. Or if a teenager encourages a friend to ask an-other classmate to send the sexually explicit image, the friend agrees to do so and asks her, they are both guilty of conspiracy and the judge must sen-tence both of them to at least 15 years in prison. Now, the term ‘‘sexually explicit con-duct’’ actually includes simulated con-duct. This means if a teenager asks an-other teenager for a photo simulating sex, then that minor, even if the minor is fully clothed, the law is violated. The teenager must get 15 years in pris-on. The bill does not allow the judge to consider the fact that the conduct may be consensual conduct between minors or consensual between a 17-year-old or an 18-year-old. These circumstances are irrelevant when the sentence is mandatory. In many cases covered by the bill, the draconian penalties are appro-priate; in others, the penalties are just absurd. But because they are manda-tory in the bill, they would have to be imposed anyway. This bill wouldn’t be controversial if it did not expand mandatory minimum sentences, but, unfortunately, it does. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to op-pose this legislation. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, those who commit crimes against children—as I started out, I have been engaged in the tragedy of Adam Walsh from almost the very beginning and certainly support that legislation, but we realize that we must be very vigilant as relates to our children. There is no quarrel with that. There is a question of mandatory minimums and the importance of giv-ing our courts that discretion. So those who commit crimes against children deserve to be punished, and repeat of-fenders most certainly deserve to face increased penalties. Nevertheless, there is a mass of us who have seen the results of manda-tory minimums that result in mass in-carceration. I oppose mandatory min-imum sentencing and, therefore, this legislation. I believe that judges are best suited to determine just and ap-propriate punishment in these matters. It would have been more appropriate to separate out the Adam Walsh reauthor-ization legislation. Even conservative groups agree that expanding the imposition of mandatory minimum sentences is costly and un-just. Yet, without mandatory min-imum sentences, individuals convicted of serious offenses would still receive appropriately lengthy sentences. Mr. Speaker, let me say that again. Yet, without mandatory minimum sen-tences, individuals convicted of serious offenses would still receive appro-priately lengthy sentences. How can we underestimate the judg-ment of our Federal courts and others who see these cases and know the das-tardliness of them? We should not cre-ate a one-size-fits-all policy approach. For the foregoing reasons, I would like to have these bills divided so that we can move on good bills and begin to work together for the appropriate way to punish, and punish strongly, but not build on the mountain of mass incar-ceration. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6847, the ‘‘Preventing Child Exploitation Act of 2018,’’ for several reasons. Regrettably, I must oppose this bill because, although it substantially includes the text of H.R. 1188, the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act,’’ which both the House Judiciary Com-mittee and the House passed last year, H.R. 6847 also includes the text of three other bills, H.R. 1761, H.R. 1842, and H.R. 1862 that, al-though the House passed last year, would ex-pand the scope of unjust mandatory minimum sentencing provisions. The Adam Walsh Act established the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act— often referred to as ‘‘SORNA’’—as a national system for the registration of sex offenders. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act, as in-cluded in H.R. 6847, reflects changes rec-ommended to SORNA by the Judiciary Com-mittee when it last reauthorized the Adam Walsh Act in 2012 to improve the require-ments for states to register sex offenders. States that fail to substantially implement SORNA are subject to a 10% reduction in fed-eral grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program. Commendably, the reauthorization provi-sions included in H.R. 6847 would allow states discretion in determining whether juvenile sex offender information will be publicly accessible via the Internet. And, it would reduce the time that certain, but not all, juvenile sex offenders adjudicated as delinquent are required to register from 25 years to 15 years. I welcome these changes as steps in the right direction to address some of the existing concerns with SORNA, which is why I sup-ported H.R. 1188 last year. Unfortunately, H.R. 6847 also incorporates a problematic provision that would add new of-fenses to the Criminal Code requiring manda-tory life imprisonment for certain repeat sex of-fenders. Under Section 3559(e) of Title 18 of the U.S. Code, a defendant who has been pre-viously convicted of a felony federal or state sex offense committed against a child—and who is guilty of a predicate federal sex offense against a child—must be sentenced to life in prison. H.R. 6847 would amend Section 3559 to add more federal predicate offenses on which to base imposition of a life sentence, namely sexual contact with a minor under the age of 12, aggravated sexual contact with minors be-tween the ages of 12 and 15, and illicit sexual conduct with a minor abroad by a U.S. citizen. The bill would also remove the requirement that a federal predicate offense relating to co-ercion or enticement of a minor be related to prostitution. As a result, this bill would allow coercion or enticement of a minor into any criminal sexual activity to serve as a basis for imposition of a mandatory life sentence. Repeat offenders should, of course, be sub-ject to increased penalties, and for some of-fenses life imprisonment is appropriate. Yet, Congress should not mandate life imprison-ment as the only sentencing option. Another set of problematic provisions within H.R. 6847 unfortunately results in the ex-panded imposition of mandatory minimum sentences. In addition to the federal crimes of violence already included in the statute providing pen-alties for failing to register as a sex offender, H.R. 6847 would add state crimes of violence as predicate offenses that, in turn, would re-quire the imposition of a mandatory 5-year prison sentence to be served consecutively to any sentence imposed for failing to register or comply with sex offender registration. And, the bill would also add prior military child sex offenses to several recidivist sen-tencing provisions, most of which carry man-datory minimum penalties of at least 15 years or life. Lastly, H.R. would amend section 2251 to create two new offenses that would prohibit causing the production of a visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct; and the transmission, or causing the trans-mission of, a live visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, such as live streaming. In effect, these provisions would add new classes of offenders subject to mandatory minimum sentencing, specifically 15 to 30 years in prison. Yet, this bill fails to provide any ‘‘Romeo and Juliet’’ exceptions. Consequently, the penalties apply even when conduct is consensual and when the vic-tim and offender are close in age. For exam-ple, if a 19-year-old and a 17-year-old videoed themselves engaged in a sexual act, then emailed the video to their own email accounts, the 19-year-old would be subject to the man-datory minimums set by Section 2251, as amended by this bill. Unfortunately, the commendable provisions to reauthorize the Adam Walsh Act in H.R. 6847 are weighed down by the bill’s inclusion of various problematic proposals that will ex-pand mandatory minimum sentencing. For far too long, the federal criminal justice system has relied on an unsustainable system of mass-incarceration that is largely driven by inflexible mandatory minimum sentencing. Mandatory minimums are not necessary to impose appropriate sentences. The judge at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.104 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8844 September 25, 2018 
sentencing has all the information he or she needs to impose a sentence commensurate with the crime committed and the culpability of the offender. Therefore, I must oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Those who commit crimes against children deserve to be punished and repeat offenders most certainly deserve to face increased pen-alties. Nevertheless, I oppose mandatory minimum sentencing and, therefore, I must oppose this legislation. I believe that judges are best suit-ed to determine just and appropriate punish-ments in these matters. Even conservative groups agree that ex-panding the imposition of mandatory minimum sentences is costly and unjust. Yet, without mandatory minimum sentences, individuals convicted of serious offenses would still re-ceive appropriately lengthy sentences, but we should not create a one-size-fits-all policy ap-proach. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my col-leagues to oppose H.R. 6847. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, first, we need to make clear that this bill does not expand law to go after teenagers for sexting. Under present law, technically, such changes may be possible. However, we know of no instance where the Department of Justice has pursued such cases. When these bills were initially passed, the press falsely claimed that they would make it possible for DOJ to go after teen sexting. This is com-pletely reckless journalism. Appar-ently, these journalists did not partici-pate in any sort of fact checking, which would have merely consisted of opening a U.S. Criminal Code book. They also continually cite State cases as examples of Federal prosecutors act-ing aggressively, which is similarly ex-tremely misleading. If our friends across the aisle would like to draw our attention to any cases where the Fed-eral Government prosecuted consen-sual teen sexting, we would be happy to look at them. Last year, we offered to work on a provision to provide an affirmative de-fense in this chapter of the code, de-spite no evidence that it is necessary, but we were not taken up on our offer. b1945 None of these bills, Mr. Speaker, cre-ate new mandatory minimum sen-tences. Instead, they modify the exist-ing statutory framework to ensure the existing enhancements are applied eq-uitably and to close certain loopholes. Some of the conduct covered is mod-estly expanded, but that is done com-mensurate with the crime. These re-cidivism enhancements are for these predatory crimes, especially where the defendant has previously sexually abused a child, which is the case for the enhancement in 18 U.S.C. 3559(e). Society’s laws need to address the problems of the day and protect the public, especially our children. Sex crimes against children are ubiquitous. Their number, as we heard in our child protection hearing last month, is grow-ing. Additionally, the offenses are becom-ing more depraved, and the victims are getting younger. There is no sign of slowing down, and present law does not appear to be keeping up with the num-bers. The gravity and growing prevalence of these crimes merit an appropriate societal response to have a proper de-terrent effect. The enhancements pro-vide this deterrent effect. In addition, these child sex crimes are vastly underreported. In these sex-ual exploitation crimes, the victims are often very young and very impres-sionable. They are often scarred for life as a result of horrific abuse. The pun-ishment must fit the crime, especially where it involves our children. Again, my appeal to my colleagues is to consider this bill, not just as a Mem-ber of Congress, but, again, as a parent, a grandparent, an aunt, an uncle, and a friend. I urge my colleagues to adopt this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6847, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT CHILD SAFETY IS THE FIRST PRIORITY OF CUS-TODY AND VISITATION ADJU-DICATIONS Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 72) expressing the sense of Congress that child safety is the first priority of custody and visitation adjudications, and that State courts should improve adjudications of custody where family violence is alleged, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 72 Whereas approximately 15 million children are exposed each year to domestic violence and/or child abuse, which are often linked; Whereas child sexual abuse is significantly under-documented, and under-addressed in the legal system; Whereas child abuse is a major public health issue in the United States, with total lifetime estimated financial costs associated with just one year of confirmed cases of child maltreatment (including physical abuse, sex-ual abuse, psychological abuse and neglect) amounting to approximately $124 billion; Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, federally launched, funded and tracked longitudinal research into ‘‘adverse childhood experi-ences’’ (the ACEs study) has shown that ‘‘children who experience abuse and neglect are also at increased risk for adverse health effects and certain chronic diseases as adults, including heart disease, cancer, chronic lung disease, liver disease, obesity, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and high levels of C-reactive protein’’; Whereas research confirms that allega-tions of domestic violence, child abuse, and child sexual abuse are often discounted when raised in child custody litigation; Whereas research shows that abusive par-ents are often granted custody or unpro-tected parenting time by courts, placing children at ongoing risk; Whereas research confirms that a child’s risk of abuse increases after a perpetrator of domestic violence separates from a domestic partner, even when the perpetrator has not previously abused the child; Whereas researchers have documented a minimum of 653 children murdered in the United States since 2008 by a parent involved in a divorce, separation, custody, visitation, or child support proceeding, often after ac-cess was provided by family courts over the objections of a protective parent; Whereas scientifically unsound theories are frequently applied to reject parents’ and children’s reports of abuse; Whereas in cases involving allegations of family violence courts should rely on the as-sistance of third-party professionals only when they possess the proper experience or expertise for assessing family violence and trauma, and apply scientifically sound and evidence-based theories; Whereas most States lack standards defin-ing required expertise and experience for court-affiliated or appointed fee-paid profes-sionals in custody litigation or the required contents of custody-related expert reports; and Whereas custody litigation involving abuse allegations is sometimes prohibitively ex-pensive, resulting in parental bankruptcy, as a result of court-mandated payments to ap-pointed fee-paid professionals, in addition to attorneys’ fees: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) child safety is the first priority of cus-tody and parenting adjudications, and courts should resolve safety risks and claims of family violence first, as a fundamental con-sideration, before assessing other best inter-est factors; (2) all evidence admitted in custody and parenting adjudications should be subject to evidentiary admissibility standards; (3) evidence from court-affiliated or ap-pointed fee-paid professionals regarding adult or child abuse allegations in custody cases should be admitted only when the pro-fessional possesses documented expertise and experience in the relevant types of abuse, trauma, and the behaviors of victims and perpetrators; (4) States should define required standards of expertise and experience for appointed fee- paid professionals who provide evidence to the court on abuse, trauma and behaviors of victims and perpetrators, should specify re-quirements for the contents of such profes-sional reports, and should require courts to find that any appointed professionals meet those standards; (5) States should consider models under which court-appointed professionals are paid directly by the courts, with potential reim-bursement by the parties after due consider-ation of the parties’ financial circumstances; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.058 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8845 September 25, 2018 
(6) Congress should schedule hearings on family courts’ practices with regard to the objective, fair, and unbiased adjudication of children’s safety and civil rights. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 72, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased we are vot-ing today on this resolution, which ex-presses the sense of Congress that child safety should be the top priority of cus-tody and visitation adjudications, and that State courts should improve adju-dications of custody where family vio-lence is alleged. Custody adjudications are especially difficult cases, fraught with emotion and complex relationships. States must ensure that the judges presiding over these cases are trained to understand these dynamics and apply appropriate evidentiary standards to parties’ evi-dence. Most importantly, States should en-sure that in these disputes, children’s safety comes first. We have seen tragedies happen throughout the United States where the courts failed the children involved in custody disputes. Over the past dec-ade, the Center for Judicial Excellence has documented 653 child homicides across the United States by a parent involved in a conflict related to di-vorce, separation, custody, visitation, or child support. Last year, Ana Estevez’s 5-year-old son, Piqui, was murdered by her ex- husband. Despite her efforts to obtain sole custody of Piqui due to her ex-hus-band’s history of abuse, her plea was rejected. Her estranged husband picked up Piqui, as part of their joint custody ar-rangement, and took him to Disneyland. That was the last time Ms. Estevez saw her son. His body was found 2 months later, and her estranged husband eventually confessed to the murder, a tragedy that should never have happened. Today, we take a step in expressing to States that they must pay special attention to these cases. We hope States will heed this resolution and re-solve to evaluate their family court systems and implement measures to put child safety first. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ) for bringing this resolu-tion before us. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House concurrent resolution. I thank my colleague on the Judiciary Com-mittee for his leadership. I want to indicate that, first and foremost, this bipartisan resolution ex-presses the sense of Congress that child safety should be the top priority of any custody and parenting court adjudica-tions, and that courts should resolve safety risks and claims of domestic vi-olence first, before taking any other in-terest into consideration. The resolution also underscores Con-gress’ strong support for the use of sci-entific-based evidence in family court, including reliance on expert profes-sionals with expertise in relevant types of abuse, trauma, and behaviors of vic-tims and perpetrators by, among other things, establishing specific standards for the preparation of professional re-ports. This resolution also encourages States to consider models through which such professional experts can be appointed and paid directly by the courts as needed, and expresses the sense of Congress that we hold hearings examining family court practices with regard to the fair adjudication of chil-dren’s safety and civil rights. I think many of us as Members of Congress who deal in family issues, and as the founder and co-chair of the Con-gressional Children’s Caucus, and being a student of the Family Protective Services—Child Protective Services, I have seen more than one case where a child is returned to a family and gets caught up in the unfortunate practices of that family situation, that home sit-uation. Yes, they wind up losing their life, children as young as 1 and 2 and 3 years old, helpless, without being able to help themselves. H. Con. Res. 72 acknowledges that the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has found that the United States has failed in its legal obligation to protect women and children from domestic violence. It certainly seems appropriate, as we debate this, that I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and it is not too late, to join me in putting the Violence Against Women Act on the floor of the House with over 160 cospon-sors that specifically address the ques-tion of domestic violence, domestic abuse. So many of our collaborating groups from all over the country, both conservative and otherwise, are argu-ing and advocating for the passage of the Violence Against Women Act be-fore its expiration on September 30, 2018. It would be a complement to this sense of Congress. In recognition of the fact that the problem of domestic violence is among the most serious social problems in this country, the resolution makes a number of important findings in this regard. Child abuse, in and of itself, is a major public health issue. It costs billions of dollars annually and, unfor-tunately, the loss of children’s lives. But the cost of child abuse cannot be measured in simple monetary terms because, as a study by the Centers for Disease Control tells us, children who experience adverse childhood experi-ences are at a greater risk to develop certain chronic diseases like heart dis-ease and cancer. The consequences for children who experience abuse and ne-glect are long-lasting, long-reaching, and cannot be measured easily. As this resolution finds, child sexual abuse, too, as horrific as it is, is a mat-ter that goes routinely underdocu-mented and underaddressed. Time and again, research confirms that allega-tions of domestic violence, child abuse, and child sexual abuse are often dis-counted when it comes to child custody litigation. This is with family members or guardians of a particular child. Trag-ically, abusive parents are often grant-ed custody or unprotected parenting time, which places children at constant risk. The risk of abuse to the child in-creases when a perpetrator of domestic violence separates from a domestic partner. Most disturbing is the resolution’s finding that documents a minimum of 568 murders of children in the United States in a 10-year period by a parent involved in divorce, separation, cus-tody, visitation, or child support pro-ceedings. In many of these instances, the family courts granted access to the child by the abusive parent over the objection of the protective parent. Finally, this resolution recognizes the need for courts to appoint well- qualified professionals, at court ex-pense, who will apply scientifically sound and evidence-based theories to assist in the adjudication of custody litigation. Because such assistance is not routinely provided, parents seeking to vindicate their rights in custody dis-putes often incur overwhelming debt and may even need to file for bank-ruptcy relief as a result. In the United States, this should be unacceptable. For these reasons, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Con. Res. 72. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Con-current Resolution 72. First and foremost, this bipartisan resolution expresses the sense of Congress that child safety should be the top priority of any cus-tody and parenting court adjudications and that courts should resolve safety risks and claims of domestic violence first, before taking other interests into consideration. The resolution also underscores Congress’s strong support for the use of scientific-based evidence in family court, including reliance on expert professionals with expertise in relevant types of abuse, trauma, and behaviors of vic-tims and perpetrators by, among other things, establishing specific standards for the prepara-tion of professional reports. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.059 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8846 September 25, 2018 
This resolution also encourages States to consider models through which such profes-sional experts can be appointed and paid di-rectly by the courts, as needed. And, it expresses the sense of Congress that we hold hearings examining family court practices with regards to the fair adjudication of children’s safety and civil rights. House Concurrent Resolution 72 acknowl-edges that the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has found that the United States has failed in its legal obligation to pro-tect women and children from domestic vio-lence. In recognition of the fact that the problem of domestic violence is among the most serious social problems in this country, the resolution makes a number of important findings in this regard. Child abuse, in-and-of-itself, is a major public health issue—and it costs billions of dollars annually. But the ‘‘cost’’ of child abuse cannot be measured in simple monetary terms because, as a study by the Centers for Dis-ease Control tells us, children who experience ‘‘adverse childhood experiences’’ are at great-er risk to develop certain chronic diseases, like heart disease and cancer. The con-sequences for children who experience abuse and neglect are long-lasting and long-reaching and cannot be measured easily. As this resolution finds, child sexual abuse, too, as horrific as it is, is a matter that goes routinely under-documented and under-ad-dressed. But, time and again, research con-firms that allegations of domestic violence, child abuse, and child sexual abuse are often discounted when it comes to child custody liti-gation. Tragically, abusive parents are often granted custody or unprotected parenting time, which places children at constant risk, and the risk of abuse to the child increases when a perpetrator of domestic violence separates from a domestic partner. Most disturbing is the resolution’s finding that documents a minimum of 568 murders of children in the United States in a 10-year pe-riod by a parent involved in divorce, separa-tion, custody, visitation, or child support pro-ceedings. In many of these instances, the family courts granted access to the child by the abusive parent, over the objection of the protective parent. Finally, this resolution recognizes the need for courts to appoint well-qualified profes-sionals, at court expense, who will apply sci-entifically sound and evidence-based theories, to assist in the adjudication of custody litiga-tion. Because such assistance is not routinely provided, parents seeking to vindicate their rights in custody disputes often incur over-whelming debt and may even need to file for bankruptcy relief as a result. In the United States, this should be unacceptable. For these reasons, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting House Con-current Resolution 72. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished gentleman, who spent his career not only as a sher-iff, but a duly-elected constitutional Member in Florida, but also to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from Houston, Texas, who has served as an attorney serving the people of Houston, Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to make sure that as we respectfully address this issue, H. Con. Res. 72, which urges States to look at improved family court proceedings of child custody cases, ensuring that child safety is a top priority, it makes clear that Con-gress will use its oversight authority to engage in this issue also. We do not come at this issue lightly, Mr. Speaker. As a matter of fact, the Domestic Violence Legal Empower-ment and Appeals Project has provided a great deal of information, not only to Members of Congress, but by visiting the Members, making sure that they understand that their work with the Center for Judicial Excellence and the Protective Parents Association of Cali-fornia have made sure that they saw these issues clearly and talked to Members of Congress about our ideas, not only as we fund Federal programs, but as we understand in our discussions with States that we prioritize and help them look at what is, seemingly, a na-tional crisis. This national crisis is about how our children are dealt with in the court system and looked at. Specifically, this is a concurrent resolution that urges States to develop family court proce-dures to resolve claims of abuse and family violence before making any other determination in the case, allow-ing courts to focus on these allegations affecting child safety independently. b2000 What did I just say? Well, what I just said is many times in court pro-ceedings where there is a family vio-lence circumstance, where there is stress in a family, there are examples that either side might talk about what is in the best interest of the child. And courts across this country, whether at their local court, whether a state court, we are asking them to un-derstand that this national crisis deals with children that are being placed in a circumstance that might not be in their best interest, and it calls on States to prohibit the use of discred-ited or unscientific theories in their family courts. In other words, there are many times provisions in a court or a bias of a court to take one side or the other. Finally, it highlights the problems that some litigants—these are people back in their own home States—face regarding mandatory fees, and Con-gress is asking the States to look at these. Many times, as the distinguished gentlewoman from Houston talked about, there are fee structures which keep families from fully participating to protect their children because of the cost. This is an important issue. Tragically, millions of children are impacted in the United States of Amer-ica. They call it domestic violence or child abuse, but the bottom line is that the resulting harm is lasting to our children. Physical, sexual, or emo-tional abuse, this trauma stays with our children for some period of time and many times it lasts for a lifetime. It also imposes billions of dollars on society where these children need to be handled, dealt with, and worked through a system for them to under-stand what happened in their childhood would create some difficulties later in their life. Simply put, we believe that family courts need better expertise. Better ex-pertise not only in terms of the legal counsel that is involved, but perhaps outside professionals who would ad-dress these issues. In my home State of Texas, we have had to reevaluate the circumstances, not just of divorce, but of domestic vio-lence where a child is involved, trying to focus more directly on the needs of the child and then having that family, two sides for sure, who would come to-gether to see what is in the best inter-est of that child. Family courts need to address abuse, and once again, many times it is not uncommon for them to have to address these through the frailties of a system, frailties of people who give testimony, and perhaps theories that are not al-ways in the best interest of the child that might be proposed in court. So one story in particular has it of a young girl named Kyra who tragically lost her life at the age of 2 in 2016 while her family was going through the court system. The focus became the battle, not the child, and the child fell in be-tween the processes and, unfortu-nately, the tragedy occurred because of this huge disagreement between the family to where her father brutally murdered her before setting the house on fire and killing himself. The tragedy involved, rather than highlighting the differences between these two, of the safety of the child. And the safety of the child and of the mother is vitally important. At least 653 child murders by a par-ent involved in a divorce, separation, custody, or visitation, child support have been documented in the United States over the last 10 years. That is a tragedy. That is a nightmare that is happening directly before us. This is why we believe that listening to outside groups, such as the Domes-tic Violence Legal Empowerment and Appeals Project and the Judicial Excel-lence Coalition have come to Congress to say, we would like for you to see what is happening back in your States, back in your communities, back where you are from, Members of Congress, and see if you can shine a spotlight on showing how important children and women are, not just in our society, but in the court system. So what I would say is I would like to thank my colleagues, the gentleman who started this, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Congressman Pat Mee-han, for his dedication to this issue, as well as my dear friend from New York, Congresswoman C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.060 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8847 September 25, 2018 
for her leadership as she has joined me on so many issues where we deal with women’s health and women’s safety, children’s health, children’s safety, in-cluding disabled children and people who cannot protect themselves. Mr. Speaker, whether you live in Florida, Texas, Pennsylvania, or wher-ever you might be in this country, it is important for us to understand that the focus on children’s safety in court matters is essential to the Nation’s health and support for the future. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the dis-tinguished gentleman and the chair-man of the committee, Chairman G
OODLATTE , for allowing this to come forth at this time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distin-guished gentleman from Florida for yielding me this time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me cer-tainly thank Mr. S
ESSIONS , my col-league out of Texas, for his very impor-tant words and moving commentary. I thank Congressman R
UTHERFORD for his service and commitment, and the other cosponsors of this legislation, be-cause it really has more impact. Let me conclude my remarks by ac-knowledging a tragedy in my district. As a hardworking mother was sepa-rating from her spouse, it had not yet gotten to the court, but it is evidence of what can happen. The remarks of the dad were, ‘‘Bring them over for me to see them one more time.’’ And even though the relationship be-tween mom and dad was hostile, mom wanted to be cooperative, and brought them over and left them for a moment as she went to her small business. The next call she got was the shrill of police and neighbors screaming, and his call to her, the parent’s call, the fa-ther’s call, and he said, ‘‘Now come over and see your two dead children, because I have killed them.’’ So this is constant throughout the Nation, and we need intervention and we need recognition of the tragedies that can happen. So as I previously stated, I strongly support passage of H. Con. Res 72. It is a sober acknowledgement of how fam-ily courts in the United States are fail-ing to protect the very children they are sworn to protect in cases involving domestic violence, and obviously these cases have histories of domestic vio-lence. But also as a legislative body, we have far more effective ways to deal with these problems. They can com-plement H. Con. Res. 72. So I would like to, again, reinforce the bill that was introduced last July— this July, that I introduced, over 150 cosponsors, I believe. I introduced a ro-bust bill to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. This VAWA reauthorization seeks to address the problem of domestic vio-lence from a holistic perspective by at-tacking the problem from many dif-ferent angles with resources, recog-nizing all the different components that are now before us. We need to re-authorize VAWA, not in any watered down fashion, and we need to do it in complement to H. Con. Res. 72. And if we hope to make any dent in this very serious problem and to protect women and children and men who are abused and victimized day in and day out, this is how we need to do it, pass bills like the concurrent resolution and also VAWA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and join me in this bipartisan effort as well to pass VAWA. As I previously stated, I strongly support passage of House Concurrent Resolution 72. It is a sober acknowledgement of how family courts in the United States are failing to pro-tect the very children they are sworn to pro-tect, in cases involving domestic violence. But, as a legislative body, we have far more effective ways to deal with these problems than merely passing concurrent resolutions. Last July, I introduced a robust bill to reauthor-ize the Violence Against Women Act. This VAWA reauthorization seeks to address the problem of domestic violence from a holistic perspective, by attacking the problem from many different angles. We need to reauthorize VAWA—not in any watered-down fashion—if we hope to make any dent into this very seri-ous problem and to protect women, children and men who are abused and victimized day in and day out. I urge my colleagues to support House Con-current Resolution 72. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the gentlewoman for her comments and for her hard work on this resolution. I also want to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for bringing this forward today. I want to encourage all of my col-leagues here to vote in the affirmative for H. Con. Res. 72. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 72, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KERRIE OROZCO FIRST RESPOND-ERS FAMILY SUPPORT ACT Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6580) to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first responders who die as a result of their employ-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6580 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kerrie Orozco First Responders Family Support Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATURALIZATION FOR IMMEDIATE REL-ATIVES OF FIRST RESPONDERS. 
Section 319 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1430) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(f) I
MMEDIATE RELATIVES OF FIRST RE-
SPONDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is the surviving spouse, child, or parent of a United States citizen, whose citizen spouse, parent, or child dies as a result of injury or disease incurred in or aggravated by employment as a first responder, and who, in the case of a surviving spouse, was living in marital union with the citizen spouse at the time of his death, may be naturalized upon compliance with all the requirements of this title, ex-cept that no prior residence or specified physical presence within the United States shall be required. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘first responder’ means Federal, State, and local government fire, law enforcement, and emergency response personnel.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) and the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 6580, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ), my home State. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ), our distinguished representative from Florida, my good friend, for yield-ing some time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6580, the Kerrie Orozco First Responders Act. This legislation, named after a fallen Omaha police officer, Kerrie Orozco, is a first responders bill that will give our heroes peace of mind every day when they leave their home for work to keep us safe. This legislation is simple, com-mon sense, and compassionate. Under current law, the surviving family members of first responders who have pending immigration applications face delays in the naturalization proc-ess. This could weigh heavily on our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.111 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8848 September 25, 2018 
first responders because of the undue burden upon them as they protect our communities. Should they be killed, would their family members who are not U.S. citi-zens lose their ability to remain in the country? This legislation would allow the im-mediate relatives of first responders who die in the line of duty to continue to process their immigration applica-tion in a timely manner despite the death of their loved one. We owe it to our first responders to ensure their family is taken care of should they pay the ultimate sacrifice of keeping our citizens safe. Supporting this bill will protect those who protect us and it will give them peace of mind. This legislation will extend the same privileges to our first responders that are currently afforded to our military servicemembers. This bill honors our first responders, it values family. This bill is for Hector Orozco and all of the widows and widowers of our fall-en first responders. This bill tells our law enforcement officers, our fire-fighters that we have your back. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 6580. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 6580, the Kerrie Orozco First Responders Family Support Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsor for introducing this bill. The bill, as is made clear by its title, is a tribute to Ms. Orozco, a police offi-cer in Omaha, Nebraska. On May 20, 2015, after 7 years of serv-ice in the Omaha Police Department, Kerrie was fatally shot in the line of duty while serving a felony arrest war-rant. She was survived by her husband, Hector Orozco, and her two step-children, Natalie and Santiago. H.R. 6580 gives tribute to the sac-rifice made by Kerrie and her family by recognizing the sacrifices made by all first responders who are killed in the line of duty as well as their surviving family members. The bill honors their sacrifice by speeding up the citizenship process for the surviving immigrant’s spouses, children, and parents of slain first re-sponders. b2015 Specifically, the bill would waive cer-tain physical resident requirements for surviving immediate family members who are already on the road to becom-ing citizens. Current law requires such individuals to reside in the United States as lawful permanent residents for 5 years before becoming eligible to apply for natu-ralization. This bill would waive that 5- year requirement and, thus, allow sur-viving family members to naturalize more quickly. It is modeled on the Military Personnel Citizenship Proc-essing Act, which became law in 2008 after receiving unanimous support in both Houses of Congress. That bill pro-vides similar benefits to the surviving immigrant family members of U.S. armed services members who were killed in action. H.R. 6580 simply recognizes that do-mestic first responders also serve this country at great sacrifice both to themselves and their families. This bill is the least we can do to recognize their service and their sacrifice. I congratulate Representative B
ACON  for introducing this bill and ensuring its vote on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE and Ranking Member J
ERRY NADLER for their support of this important piece of legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6580, the Kerrie Orozco First Respond-ers Family Support Act. This legisla-tion is short, but it will have an im-mense impact on the lives of close fam-ily members of certain first responders who die as a result of injury and illness occurring in the line of duty. The Immigration and Nationality Act currently requires that, in order to naturalize and become a United States citizen, a lawful permanent resident must reside continuously in the United States for 5 years prior to naturaliza-tion. For spouses, that residency re-quirement is 3 years. H.R. 6580 waives that residency requirement altogether for the surviving spouse, child, or par-ent of a Federal, State, or local first responder who dies as a result of injury or illness incurred during line of duty activities as a first responder. There is precedent in immigration law for such a waiver. In fact, the lan-guage of H.R. 6580 is patterned on the current law, which waives the same residency requirements for the sur-viving spouse, child, or parent of a military servicemember killed while in Active-Duty service in the Armed Forces. First responders routinely place their lives in peril to help those of us who are in need, and when they are killed or injured carrying out their duties, we owe their families a deep debt of grati-tude. H.R. 6580 is a small price to pay in return for the sacrifice that first re-sponders make every day. The legislation was named after Kerrie Orozco, an Omaha, Nebraska, police officer, killed while serving an arrest warrant on May 20, 2015. At the time of Officer Orozco’s death, her hus-band was in the process of becoming a U.S. citizen. H.R. 6580 will speed up that process and make sure other sur-viving immediate relatives in the same situation are afforded the same oppor-tunity. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work of the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) on this important piece of leg-islation. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6580, the ‘‘Kerrie Orozco First Responders Family Support Act,’’ which amends the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first re-sponders who die because of their employ-ment. This act is named for Kerrie Orozco who died in the line of duty in May 2015, just a few weeks after giving birth to a premature infant. Officer Kerrie Orozco was a seven-year vet-eran of the Omaha Police Department and a new mother. As a member of the Metro Area Fugitive Task Force, she was conducting surveillance just before 1 p.m. that Wednesday, May 20, 2015, when the suspect being pursued fired at officers after being spotted. She is remembered not only for her police work but also for her extensive involvement in community service. She was active in coaching baseball and had been coaching since 2009 at the North Omaha Boys and Girls Club. She volunteered with Special Olympics and was president of the Police Officer Ball to ben-efit Special Olympics in Nebraska. Kerrie was a Girl Scout Leader, participated with Shop with a Cop, and assisted with the Latino Police Officers Easter Egg Hunt. Shop With A Cop is an annual event where 50 children from the Open Door Mission shop for their families and for themselves with an officer at a few local Walmart stores in Omaha. When she went to work on May 20, 2015, she did not know that she would not be return-ing home that night. Her husband is still waiting for his U.S. Citi-zenship while he deals with the heartbreak of his wife’s death. For most immigrants, becoming a United States’ citizen is the culmination of many years of hard work. Being a citizen offers new opportunity to have a greater say and a stronger voice in de-termining our country’s future. There is room in our country for law-abiding individuals from all over the world to come and be a part of the goodness and greatness that the United States of America has to offer. Our first responders put their lives on the line every time they enter the line of duty. As the senior member of the House Com-mittees on Judiciary and Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity and Investigations, I am humbled to call first responders my friends and also my pro-tectors. I am committed to working tirelessly to as-sure that they have full support of Congress in getting the resources and training they need to protect our communities but also to ensure the welfare of their families. This legislation provides the same courtesy that is given to the families of men and women in uniform who are killed. The burden on families that have lost a fam-ily member is cumbersome enough on its own. By enacting this legislation, we can provide an uplifting moment in their period of grief and sorrow for this generation of spouses and hopefully ameliorating the situation of future spouses in similar circumstances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.115 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8849 September 25, 2018 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to stand with me in the support of H.R. 6580. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6580, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to provide for naturalization processes for the im-mediate relatives of first responders who die as a result of their employ-ment, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECIPROCAL ACCESS TO TIBET ACT OF 2018 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1872) to promote access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1872 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Government of the People’s Repub-lic of China does not grant United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens access to China on a basis that is reciprocal to the access that the Gov-ernment of the United States grants Chinese diplomats and other officials, journalists, and citizens. (2) The Government of China imposes greater restrictions on travel to Tibetan areas than to other areas of China. (3) Officials of China have stated that Tibet is open to foreign visitors. (4) The Government of China is promoting tourism in Tibetan areas, and at the Sixth Tibet Work Forum in August 2015, Premier Li Keqiang called for Tibet to build ‘‘major world tourism destinations’’. (5) The Government of China requires for-eigners to obtain permission from the Tibet Foreign and Overseas Affairs Office or from the Tibet Tourism Bureau to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, a restriction that is not imposed on travel to any other provincial- level jurisdiction in China. (6) The Department of State reports that— (A) officials of the Government of the United States submitted 39 requests for dip-lomatic access to the Tibet Autonomous Re-gion between May 2011 and July 2015, but only four were granted; and (B) when such requests are granted, diplo-matic personnel are closely supervised and given few opportunities to meet local resi-dents not approved by authorities. (7) The Government of China delayed United States consular access for more than 48 hours after an October 28, 2013, bus crash in the Tibet Autonomous Region, in which three citizens of the United States died and more than a dozen others, all from Walnut, California, were injured, undermining the ability of the Government of the United States to provide consular services to the victims and their families, and failing to meet China’s obligations under the Conven-tion on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963 (21 UST 77). (8) Following a 2015 earthquake that trapped dozens of citizens of the United States in the Tibet Autonomous Region, the United States Consulate General in Chengdu faced significant challenges in providing emergency consular assistance due to a lack of consular access. (9) The Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2015 of the Department of State stated ‘‘With the exception of a few highly controlled trips, the Chinese government also denied multiple requests by foreign dip-lomats for permission to visit the TAR.’’. (10) Tibetan-Americans, attempting to visit their homeland, report having to under-go a discriminatory visa application process, different from what is typically required, at the Chinese embassy and consulates in the United States, and often find their requests to travel denied. (11) The Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2016 of the Department of State stated ‘‘The few visits to the TAR by dip-lomats and journalists that were allowed were tightly controlled by local authori-ties.’’. (12) A September 2016 article in the Wash-ington Post reported that ‘‘The Tibet Auton-omous Region . . . is harder to visit as a journalist than North Korea.’’. (13) The Government of China has failed to respond positively to requests from the Gov-ernment of the United States to open a con-sulate in Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region. (14) The Foreign Correspondents Club of China reports that— (A) 2008 rules prevent foreign reporters from visiting the Tibet Autonomous Region without prior permission from the Govern-ment of such Region; (B) such permission has only rarely been granted; and (C) although the 2008 rules allow journal-ists to travel freely in other parts of China, Tibetan areas outside such Region remain ‘‘effectively off-limits to foreign reporters’’. (15) The Department of State reports that in addition to having to obtain permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, foreign tourists— (A) must be accompanied at all times by a government-designated tour guide; (B) are rarely granted permission to enter the region by road; (C) are largely barred from visiting around the March anniversary of a 1959 Tibetan up-rising; and (D) are banned from visiting the area where Larung Gar, the world’s largest center for the study of Tibetan Buddhism, and the site of a large-scale campaign to expel stu-dents and demolish living quarters, is lo-cated. (16) Foreign visitors also face restrictions in their ability to travel freely in Tibetan areas outside the Tibet Autonomous Region. (17) The Government of the United States generally allows journalists and other citi-zens of China to travel freely within the United States. The Government of the United States requires diplomats from China to notify the Department of State of their travel plans, and in certain situations, the Government of the United States requires such diplomats to obtain approval from the Department of State before travel. However, where approval is required, it is almost al-ways granted expeditiously. (18) The United States regularly grants visas to Chinese diplomats and other offi-cials, scholars, and others who travel to the United States to discuss, promote, and dis-play the perspective of the Government of China on the situation in Tibetan areas, even as the Government of China restricts the ability of citizens of the United States to travel to Tibetan areas to gain their own perspective. (19) Chinese diplomats based in the United States generally avail themselves of the freedom to travel to United States cities and lobby city councils, mayors, and governors to refrain from passing resolutions, issuing proclamations, or making statements of con-cern on Tibet. (20) The Government of China character-izes statements made by officials of the United States about the situation in Tibetan areas as inappropriate interference in the in-ternal affairs of China. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) T
IBETAN AREAS .—The term ‘‘Tibetan areas’’ includes— (A) the Tibet Autonomous Region; and (B) the areas that the Chinese Government designates as Tibetan Autonomous, as fol-lows: (i) Kanlho (Gannan) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, and Pari (Tianzhu) Tibetan Au-tonomous County located in Gansu Province. (ii) Golog (Guoluo) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Malho (Huangnan) Tibetan Au-tonomous Prefecture, Tsojang (Haibei) Ti-betan Autonomous Prefecture, Tsolho (Hai-nan) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Tsonub (Haixi) Mongolian and Tibetan Au-tonomous Prefecture, and Yulshul (Yushu) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, located in Qinghai Province. (iii) Garze (Ganzi) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Ngawa (Aba) Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, and Muli (Mili) Ti-betan Autonomous County, located in Sichuan Province. (iv) Dechen (Diqing) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, located in Yunnan Province. 
SEC. 4. ANNUAL REPORT ON ACCESS TO TIBETAN AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following five years, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees, and make available to the public on the website of the Department of State, a re-port that includes an assessment of the level of access Chinese authorities granted dip-lomats and other officials, journalists, and tourists from the United States to Tibetan areas, including— (1) a comparison with the level of access granted to other areas of China; (2) a comparison between the levels of ac-cess granted to Tibetan and non-Tibetan areas in relevant provinces; (3) a comparison of the level of access in the reporting year and the previous report-ing year; and (4) a description of the required permits and other measures that impede the freedom to travel in Tibetan areas. (b) C
ONSOLIDATION .—After the issuance of the first report required by subsection (a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.100 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8850 September 25, 2018 
the Secretary of State is authorized to incor-porate subsequent reports required by sub-section (a) into other publicly available, an-nual reports produced by the Department of State, provided they are submitted to the ap-propriate congressional committees in a manner specifying that they are being sub-mitted in fulfillment of the requirements of this Act. 
SEC. 5. INADMISSIBILITY OF CERTAIN ALIENS. 
(a) I NELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS.—No individual whom the Secretary of State has determined to be substantially involved in the formula-tion or execution of policies related to access for foreigners to Tibetan areas may be eligi-ble to receive a visa to enter the United States or be admitted to the United States if the Secretary of State determines that— (1)(A) the requirement for specific official permission for foreigners to enter the Ti-betan Autonomous Region remains in effect; or (B) such requirement has been replaced by a regulation that has a similar effect and re-quires foreign travelers to gain a level of permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region that is not required for travel to other provinces in China; and (2) restrictions on travel by diplomats and other officials, journalists, and citizens of the United States to areas designated as ‘‘Ti-betan Autonomous’’ in the provinces of Sichuan, Qinghai, Yunnan, and Gansu of China are greater than any restrictions on travel by such officials and citizens to areas in such provinces that are not so designated. (b) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .—The Sec- retary of State shall revoke, in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), the visa or other documentation to enter or be present in the United States issued for an alien who would be ineligible to receive such a visa or documentation under subsection (a). (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the fol-lowing five years, the Secretary of State shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report identifying the individuals who have had visas denied or re-voked pursuant to this section during the preceding year and, to the extent prac-ticable, a list of Chinese officials who were substantially involved in the formulation or execution of policies to restrict access of United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and citizens of the United States to Tibetan areas. The report required by this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) W
AIVER FOR NATIONAL INTEREST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) in the case of an alien if the Secretary determines that such a waiver— (A) is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement Re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947 (TIAS 1676), or any other applicable inter-national obligation of the United States; or (B) is in the national interest of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—Upon granting a waiver under paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a document detailing the evidence and justification for the necessity of such waiver, including, if such waiver is granted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), how such waiver relates to the national interest of the United States. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of State, when granting diplomats and other officials from China access to parts of the United States, including con-sular access, should take into account the extent to which the Government of China grants diplomats and other officials from the United States access to parts of China, in-cluding the level of access afforded to such diplomats and other officials to Tibetan areas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) and the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1872, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1872, the Recip-rocal Access to Tibet Act of 2018, ad-dresses an issue of longstanding and in-creasing concern regarding China’s treatment of Tibetans living in the Tibet Autonomous Region, also known as TAR, and other Tibetan areas con-trolled by China. In 1950, the Chinese People’s Libera-tion Army went into Tibet in order to establish control over the region. In the years since then, as noted by the U.S. Department of State, the Chinese Government has ‘‘imposed severe re-strictions on Tibetans’ ability to exer-cise their human rights and funda-mental freedoms.’’ Such restrictions occur with regard to religious practice, freedom of travel, freedom to practice cultural and language preferences, and other aspects of everyday life. In addition, the Chinese Government routinely engages in human rights abuses, such as extrajudicial killings, torture, and arbitrary arrest. In fact, the Chinese Government’s actions are so severe that, in recent years, over 150 Tibetans have self-immolated in a last- ditch effort to get the rest of the world to focus on this problem. In order to prevent documentation of the religious freedom restrictions and other human rights abuses to the out-side world, the Government of China has severely limited access by foreign nationals to these Tibetan regions. Such limitations prevent access to U.S. officials seeking diplomatic and con-sular access, journalists, human rights workers, and even tourists. When rare access is granted, activities are closely monitored by the PRC and information dissemination is restricted. Matteo Mecacci, the president of the International Campaign for Tibet, has stated that the Chinese leadership is seeking to enforce complete isolation of Tibet, often described as being worse than in North Korea, where at least some foreign media are based. Inde-pendent international observers are shut out of Tibet or allowed to visit only under strictly controlled cir-cumstances, while numerous delega-tions of party officials face no obsta-cles in traveling to Western democ-racies to spread their propaganda. In fact, travel by Chinese nationals, including those with direct and sub-stantial involvement in the formula-tion of policies to restrict access to Tibet, is routinely allowed by govern-ments all over the world, including the United States. During fiscal year 2017, for instance, nearly 1.5 million tourist visas were issued by the United States to Chinese nationals. Those visas are valid for 10 years, during which the Chinese nationals can visit the United States multiple times. During that same period, the United States issued nearly 4,500 diplomatic visas to Chinese officials. H.R. 1872 prohibits an individual who is ‘‘substantially involved in the for-mulation or execution of policies re-lated to access for foreigners to Ti-betan areas’’ from being granted a U.S. visa if the Secretary determines that: one, the requirement for specific offi-cial permission for foreigners to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region remains in effect; or, two, such requirement has been replaced by a regulation that has a similar effect and requires foreign travelers to gain a level of permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region that is not required for travel to other provinces in China; and, three, restric-tions on travel by officials, journalists, and citizens of the United States to areas designated as ‘‘Tibetan Autono-mous’’ in the provinces of Sichuan, Qinghai, Yunnan, Gansu of China are greater than any restrictions on travel by such officials and citizens to areas in such provinces that are not so des-ignated. Any visas currently held by such individuals will be revoked under the bill. The bill then requires the State De-partment to report annually to the House and Senate Judiciary Commit-tees as well as the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee and the Senate For-eign Relations Committee on the num-ber of actions taken regarding visas pursuant to this legislation. According to the State Department, in recent years, there have been very small inroads made with regard to ac-cess to the Tibetan areas. And while some have expressed the concern that maybe this bill could make the Chinese Government roll back some of those in-roads, moving this bill is the right thing to do. It is time that Congress takes a stand with regard to access by foreign nationals to the Tibetan re-gions. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman M
CGOVERN for his work on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.063 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8851 September 25, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, August 31, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee regarding H.R. 1872, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act, and for considering our input during your markup of the bill. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further consideration of that measure, so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I am writing to confirm our mutual under-standing that forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish, alter, or prejudice the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legisla-tion, or its right to seek an appropriate num-ber of conferees to any House-Senate con-ference involving this bill. I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 1872. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on the Judiciary and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1872, the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act,’’ so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1872 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Reciprocal Access to Tibet bill, introduced by my colleague J
IMMCGOVERN , who has been working on this issue for such a long time as our ranking member on the Rules Com-mittee and the co-chair of the Lantos Human Rights Commission. I would like to thank him for his hard work and dedication to this issue and on this bill. The Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act is about fairness, human rights, and care-ful U.S. diplomacy at its core. For too long, China has restricted access to Tibet, preventing U.S. diplomats and journalists from observing human rights abuses in Tibet and preventing Tibetan Americans from visiting their home country. This bill seeks to reset that table. H.R. 1872 is premised on the idea that reciprocity forms the basis of diplo-matic law and the practice of mutual exchanges between countries. This bill simply requires that, if Chinese offi-cials, journalists, and other citizens are able to travel freely in the United States, it is only fair that their Amer-ican counterparts are also able to do the same; and if Americans are not granted the same access to Tibet that the Chinese enjoy in the United States, then there should be consequences. This is more than reasonable and long overdue. Tibet is so difficult to visit that a Washington Post journalist said in 2016, Tibet ‘‘is harder to visit as a journalist than North Korea.’’ Mr. Speaker, I had the great honor last year of traveling with our minor-ity leader, NANCY PELOSI , and Con-gressman M
CGOVERN to Dharamsala last year to visit with His Holiness, the Dalai Lama. It was a deeply, deeply moving meeting with him, with the Ti-betan Government in exile, and the 10,000-plus people who came to a public celebration event while we were there. The world knows that His Holiness is a man of peace and tremendous integ-rity. He has laid out a 5-year roadmap for negotiations with China, and he is willing to work with China to find a way forward. For any peace plan to get a footing, we have to work closely with our global partners to push this issue at this time because, if His Holiness should die, and he will eventually do so, a period of greater instability is likely to ensure making the human rights issues and the possible solutions still more intractable. The timing of U.S. actions here is extremely impor-tant. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ). Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, my colleague from Florida, for the time. Mr. Speaker, when the Dalai Lama was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in the year 2007—and this was through legislation that I had the privilege of authoring with Tom Lan-tos, our esteemed late chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and the only Holocaust survivor to have served in this body—when we passed that in the House and we had the celebration of the Dalai Lama right down the hall, the plight of the people of Tibet was at the forefront of U.S. policy toward China. b2030 But in the years since, as China has gained both in strength and in power, I have grown increasingly worried that Tibet has been pushed to the periphery, to the edges. It is an afterthought. I was worried that China’s bullying and intimidation tactics, on display throughout the world, had extended so far that our United States Congress no longer had the will, no longer had the desire, to speak out in support of Tibet. But with this bill, Mr. Speaker, au-thored by my good friend and my col-league, Congressman JIMMCGOVERN , we are finally reversing that trend. We are sending a clear message, a true sig-nal, to the regime in Beijing that the United States has indeed not forgotten about the people of Tibet, that Con-gress will not accept Beijing’s bullying and its intimidation, and that we will stand up in support of human rights for the people of Tibet. From demolishing Buddhist temples to jailing more and more prisoners of conscience, Beijing’s policies in Tibet are not only immoral and unjust, but are threatening the stability of a cru-cial area for U.S. interests. We must put pressure on China to stop its re-pression. This bill demonstrates that Tibetan human rights continue to be an impor-tant factor in our relations with Bei-jing, and I encourage all of my col-leagues to give Mr. M
CGOVERN full sup-port for this bill. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my col-league, the sponsor of this bill, and a great fighter for human rights. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Washington for yielding me the time and for her leadership on this legislation. I appre-ciate it very much. And I am grateful to my colleagues from Florida, as well, for their support and for their leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, today is a great day for human rights. The House is about to approve our bipartisan bill, the Recip-rocal Access to Tibet Act, that will im-pose real consequences for China’s bad behavior in Tibet. America’s foreign policy ought to send a message that we value human rights, that we stand with those work-ing for freedom, that those values com-pel us to speak out when we see some-thing that is wrong, and that we will hold accountable those who violate the basic human rights we all are entitled to. That is exactly what this bill today is all about. The basis of diplomatic law is mutual access and reciprocity. But while Chi-nese diplomats, journalists, and tour-ists travel freely within the United States, the Government of the People’s Republic of China has erected many barriers to travel in areas of China in-habited by ethnic Tibetans. U.S. diplomats, journalists, and tour-ists must obtain permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, a re-quirement that does not exist for any other provincial-level entity of China. Visitors also face obstacles to their ability to travel to Tibetan areas out-side the TAR. But under this bill, Chinese authori-ties who are involved in the design and implementation of policies that re-strict travel to Tibetan areas become 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.068 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8852 September 25, 2018 
ineligible to receive a visa or be admit-ted to the United States. This is a vic-tory for human rights of Tibetans and Americans. Restricted access to Tibet has many negative consequences for Tibetans in China and for citizens of the United States. Tibetans are left isolated from the rest of the world. Their well-docu-mented suffering under Chinese rule— arbitrary detention, torture and ill- treatment, extensive government sur-veillance, restrictions on the use of their language and their religious and cultural practices—all these violations of fundamental human rights are hid-den from sight. Preventing diplomats, journalists, and tourists from traveling to Tibet makes it much harder to as-sess the full scope of these abuses. I know firsthand how important ac-cess to Tibet is because I had the op-portunity to join Leader P
ELOSI and several other Members of Congress for a visit there in November of 2015. I saw the tight control the government exer-cises over virtually all aspects of the daily lives of Tibetans. And I had peo-ple thank me for being there, remem-bering them, and fighting for their rights. On the other side, China’s travel re-strictions deny Americans the right to visit one of the most beautiful places on Earth and to experience Tibetan culture in all its richness. In emer-gencies, Americans may be denied help, due to China’s restrictive policies. I am reminded that in an October 2013 bus crash in the TAR, which left three Americans dead and many others injured, U.S. consular officers faced a delay in obtaining permission to travel to the region. This severely hindered their ability to serve American citizens in distress. Following a 2015 earthquake that trapped dozens of U.S. citizens in the TAR, the U.S. consulate general faced significant challenges in providing emergency consular assistance. This is simply unacceptable. If China wants its citizens and offi-cials to continue to travel freely in the U.S., Americans, including Tibetan Americans, must be able to travel free-ly in China, including Tibet, beginning now. This bill will move us in the right direction on this basic but very impor-tant issue. Let me also take a moment to recog-nize several organizations with which I have had the privilege to work on be-half of the human rights of all Tibet-ans. I thank Human Rights Watch, the Office of Tibet, Students for a Free Tibet, and most especially the Inter-national Campaign on Tibet. Without their commitment and persistence, this bill would not be on the floor today. With this bill, we are taking an im-portant step forward on behalf of the human rights of Tibetans; we are re-affirming our support for the leader-ship of His Holiness the Dalai Lama; and we are sending a message to the Government of China that human rights are not negotiable. Supporting human rights is the moral thing to do; it is the right thing to do; and it is the American thing to do for Tibetans in China and everywhere else in the world. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the actions called for in this bill are measured and calibrated, measured in that they follow the line of traditional diplomacy of taking careful steps without the dangers of over-escalation, but calibrated to achieve a real opening, to wisely use U.S. power to open up an opportunity for the two sides to take their next steps. There are many Tibetan Americans throughout the United States whose family members still reside within Tibet, and they are watching this Chamber closely for signs that the United States is willing to help, willing to allow them to return to visit their families, and hoping fervently for a so-lution to the pain and suffering in Tibet and with the diaspora that has been experienced by generations. This is the time for bold U.S. leader-ship, and I do believe that is what this bill offers tonight. Our timely consid-eration of this bill takes an important step forward in leveling the global playing field. This bill seeks to make simple policy changes to enforce reci-procity between our two countries, to make clear that China cannot bar our people from Tibet and continue to ex-pect open access to our country. Allow-ing for the freedom of movement for people in both of our nations sets an important precedent going forward. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that this has been an incredibly important bipartisan collaboration that we have had. I am very grateful to my colleague from Florida for her work on this, and I am also very grateful to Chairman G
OODLATTE and to Ranking Member N
ADLER for their work on this. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the minority lead-er, who has been a tireless champion on this issue for decades, has led many of us to meet with His Holiness, has worked with His Holiness to come here, and has been a champion for human rights around the world. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington State who, from day one, has been a champion for human rights in our country and throughout the world. I was proud to travel with her to visit with His Holiness the Dalai Lama, where this issue has been on the fore-front for many years and currently. I thank Mr. H
ULTGREN for his leader-ship and for being part of this legisla-tion, and also C
HRIS SMITH and Frank Wolf before him. We have been working on this for a long time. On a previous trip, we visited Tibet, and we called Mr. M
CGOVERN the spir-itual leader of our trip because every-where he went in Tibet, and then also in the rest of China, he brought up this issue of reciprocity. It has a human rights aspect to it, but it also is a prac-tical matter that if we want to improve communication and relationships and the rest, if the Tibetan—it is the Chi-nese Government, but in the form of the Tibetan—local government there wants more people to go to school and visit Tibet and all, as a practical mat-ter, it would be very important for us to have a diplomatic presence in Lhasa. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act as a strong, bipartisan bill. We are very proud of that. It takes an important step forward to advance the future of freedom, dignity, and prosperity for the Tibetan people. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and ac-knowledge the leadership of Congress-man JIMMCGOVERN , as I mentioned, who is co-chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Ten years ago, he became the chair of that com-mission. He was working on this issue even before then. His leadership honors the legacy of Tom Lantos, our colleague, and the re-sponsibility of Congress to defend human rights and dignity around the world. That has always been not only bipartisan, but bicameral on this issue. This bill holds China officials ac-countable for their repressive cam-paign to cut off Tibet from America and the world. It promotes free, unfet-tered travel for American diplomats, journalists, and tourists to Tibet, and fosters strong bonds between our peo-ples. And it sends a clear signal that China’s meddling in Tibet’s affairs is unacceptable and cannot continue. For six decades, the Tibetan people have stood defiant in the face of op-pression and brutality from an authori-tarian China. The people of Tibet have courageously spoken out for their free-dom, and the rest of the world has been stirred to action by their clarion call for justice and dignity. All freedom- loving people must continue to speak out until every Tibetan can learn, wor-ship, and live free from persecution and abuse. I might add, sadly, that we would hope that there would be respect for the dignity and the faith of the Uighurs in China as well. In November 2015, I led a congres-sional delegation—as I mentioned, the first congressional delegation in a long time to enter Tibet—with Congressman M
CGOVERN in Jokhang Temple, Potala Palace, and Sera Monastery, and wit-nessed the strength of the Tibetan peo-ple and the beauty of their culture. Last year, again, I led another bipar-tisan delegation to Nepal and India, where we were blessed to be received by His Holiness the Dalai Lama, and Con-gresswoman J
AYAPAL was part of that. We had the opportunity to see the aspi-rations of the Tibetan people firsthand, now living in India, especially in the eyes of the Tibetan schoolchildren in Dharamshala. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.120 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8853 September 25, 2018 
These people are there, separated from their parents for the most part, because they are not allowed to prac-tice their faith, speak their language, or enjoy their culture in Tibet because that is suppressed. Today, those aspirations remain in peril as China continues to silence the voices crying out for freedom in Tibet and across the region. Every day, Ti-betans, Uighurs—again, the Uighurs are the Muslims in the western areas of China—and the people of Hong Kong and all throughout China are subjected to the threat of oppression and perse-cution simply for wishing to practice their faith and pursue a more demo-cratic future. b2045 Mr. Speaker, if we don’t speak out for human rights in China because of our commercial relationship with them, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights anyplace in the world. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to stand with the Tibetan people as they fight to be free to practice their faith traditions, speak their language, and celebrate their cul-tures. This bill takes a strong step to-ward that mission, and I urge my col-leagues to join in a strong bipartisan ‘‘yes’’ on this vote. Again, I want to commend my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle who have for a very long time been such leaders on the issues of human rights throughout the world, including in China, and for whom this particular bill has emerged as one manifestation of where we can make a reasonable, measured difference in our relation-ship. So I thank Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. M
CGOVERN for their leadership in bringing this forth. I thank the Judici-ary Committee and my colleague who was so important on our trip. So it is really a joy to see the gentleman on the floor leading this debate. I thank the gentleman for bringing his elo-quence, his compassion, his concern, and his leadership to this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I would just say that we are incredibly proud to be, hopefully, passing this legislation tonight with such bipartisan support and reminding the world that the United States stands for human rights. We stand for the human rights of Tibetans, and I thank my colleagues on the other side for their work on this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the minority leader for her com-ments on this issue and strong bipar-tisan support for human rights, not only in Tibet but all over the globe. Really, this is a great moment, I think, for this body. I will repeat again that it is time that Congress takes a stand with re-gard to access by foreign nationals to the Tibetan regions. Again, I want to thank Congressman MCGOVERN for his work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1872, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1872, the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2017,’’ which promotes access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China. As a co-sponsor of this bill, I am acutely aware of the importance of this legislation. The Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2017,’’ is the first step in opening access to Tibet because it would restrict access to China as long as the government of China restricts access to Tibet. The act requires the State Department to submit an annual, publicly available report to Congress that includes a list of individuals holding specified senior Chinese leadership positions and an assessment of the level of access Chinese authorities granted U.S. dip-lomats, journalists, and tourists to Tibetan areas in China. In turn, the listed persons shall be ineligible to enter or to be present in the United States if specified restrictions on foreign travelers en-tering Tibetan areas remain in effect. When we grant Chinese diplomats’ access to parts of the United States, we should take into account the extent to which China grants U.S. diplomats access to parts of China, in-cluding the Tibetan areas. For far too long have we allowed Chinese officials to enjoy our freedoms of movement and expression while we condoned with our silence their draconian restrictions on those very freedoms. China considers any evidence of Chinese or Tibetans showing loyalty to or being in com-munication with the Tibetan government in exile to be illegal and subject to harsh punish-ment. Chinese authorities tightly restrict travel and news media in Tibet. Individuals who use the internet, social media, or other means to disseminate dis-senting views or share politically sensitive con-tent face arrest and harsh penalties. Tibetan cultural expression, which the au-thorities associate with separatism, is subject to especially harsh restrictions; those incarcer-ated in recent years have included scores of Tibetan writers, intellectuals, and musicians. As a nation that stands for basic freedoms of faith and expression, it is imperative that we do not remain bystanders in the perpetual struggle for justice and human rights. This bill is created for the benefit of not only U.S. officials and workers in human rights who have no access into Tibet, but also Tibetans living in oppression and in exile who des-perately hope every day for a breath of free-dom in the Chinese security apparatus. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to stand with me in the support of H.R. 1872. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1872, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Repub-lic of China, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MIGRATORY BIRD FRAMEWORK AND HUNTING OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6013) to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal closing date for duck hunting season and to es-tablish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6013 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportunities for Veterans Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL CLOSING DATE FOR HUNTING OF DUCKS, MERGANSERS, AND COOTS. 
Section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL FRAMEWORK CLOSING DATE 
FOR HUNTING OF DUCKS , M ERGANSERS , AND C
OOTS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In promulgating regula-tions under subsection (a) relating to the Federal framework for outside dates within which the States may select seasons for mi-gratory bird hunting, except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall, with re-spect to the hunting season for ducks, mer-gansers, and coots— ‘‘(A) adopt the recommendation of each re-spective flyway council (as defined in section 20.152 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions) for the Federal framework if consid-ered by the Secretary to be consistent with science-based and sustainable adaptive har-vest management, but the framework closing date shall be January 31 of each year; and ‘‘(B) allow the States to establish the clos-ing date for the hunting season in accord-ance with the Federal framework. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL DUCK HUNTING DAYS FOR  
YOUTHS , VETERANS , AND ACTIVE MILITARY PER -
SONNEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the closing date under paragraph (1) and subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary shall allow States to select 2 days for youths and 2 days for veterans (as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code), and mem-bers of the Armed Forces on active duty, in-cluding members of the National Guard and Reserves on active duty (other than for training), to hunt ducks, mergansers, and coots. Such days shall be treated as an addi-tion to the regular hunting season lengths selected by the States. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In selecting days under subparagraph (A), a State shall ensure that— ‘‘(i) the days selected— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.121 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8854 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(I) do not fall within the regular hunting season for ducks, mergansers, and coots; ‘‘(II) with regard to youth days, are on a weekend, holiday or other day in which schools are not in session; and ‘‘(III) are not more than 14 days before or after the hunting season for duck, mergan-sers, and coots; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of days in a hunting season for ducks, mergansers and coots, in-cluding any days selected under subpara-graph (A), is not more than 107 days. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—A State may combine the 2 days allowed for youths with the 2 days allowed for veterans and members of the Armed Forces on active duty under subpara-graph (A), but in no circumstance may a State have more than a total of 4 additional days added to its regular hunting season for any purpose. ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations in accordance with this subsection for the Federal framework for migratory bird hunting for the 2019–2020 hunting season and each hunting season thereafter.’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to es-tablish January 31 of each year as the Fed-eral framework closing date for the duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6013, the Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportu-nities for Veterans Act, accomplishes two goals. First, it provides certainty to States by setting a specific Federal framework closing date for duck hunt-ing. Second, it provides States the op-tion to establish special duck hunting days for youth, veterans, and members of the Armed Forces. In addition to the Department of the Interior, I want to thank Ducks Unlim-ited, Vista Outdoors, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, and Will Primos among others for their work on and support of this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman men-tioned, this bill amends the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish special duck hunting days for youth and vet-erans. While I generally support ex-panding hunting opportunities for youth and veterans, it is important that we do it in a way that does not de-tract from management decisions based on sound science that produces the best outcomes for wildlife popu-lations. This year marked the 100th anniver-sary of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, a law which codified our Nation’s com-mitment to honor international trea-ties that protect migratory bird popu-lations. It is important to remember that prior to its passage, birds like the snowy egret and wood duck were plum-meting towards extinction due to mar-ket hunting and unregulated commer-cial trade in bird feathers. Thanks to the protections afforded by the MBTA, these birds and many others have recovered from the brink of extinction, while maintaining oppor-tunities for hunters to participate in waterfowl hunting through science- based management and population as-sessments. Congress has an obligation to ensure that the Secretary of the Interior re-tains the authority to determine when hunting of migratory game birds can take place in the United States. While the flyway councils play a critical role in developing regulations, establishing the framework for migratory bird man-agement is a Federal responsibility that should be done in consultation with flyway councils. I do want to thank Chairman BISHOP  for working with our staff to make modest changes to the bill to address some of our concerns. We hope to con-tinue working with our colleagues in the Senate to make further refine-ments and ensure that this bill does not move us forward in a way that de-parts from sound, science-based man-agement. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6013, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Migra-tory Bird Treaty Act to establish Janu-ary 31 of each year as the Federal framework closing date for the duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, vet-erans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NEVADA LANDS BILL TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6299) to modify the process of the Secretary of the Interior for exam-ining certain mining claims on Federal lands in Storey County, Nevada, to fa-cilitate certain pinyon-juniper-related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wil-derness areas in the State of Nevada, to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6299 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO CONVEYANCE OF FED-ERAL LAND IN STOREY COUNTY, NE-VADA. 
Section 3009(d) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3751) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (D) and redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘Federal land’ means the land generally depicted as ‘Federal land’ on the map. ‘‘(C) M
AP.—The term ‘map’ means the map entitled ‘Storey County Land Conveyance’ and dated June 6, 2018.’’. (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘after completing the mining claim validity review under paragraph (2)(B), if requested by the County,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘each parcel of land located in a mining townsite’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal land’’; (II) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘mining townsite’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal land’’; and (III) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘mining townsite (including improvements to the mining townsite), as identified for convey-ance on the map’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal land (including improvements)’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); (iii) by striking the subparagraph designa-tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘With respect’’ in the matter pre-ceding subclause (I) of clause (i) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) V
ALID MINING CLAIMS .—With respect’’; and (iv) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; (3) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘a min-ing townsite conveyed under paragraph (3)(B)(i)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal land con-veyed under paragraph (2)(B)(ii)’’; (4) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘a mining townsite under paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal land under paragraph (2)’’; (5) in paragraph (6), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘min-ing townsite’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal land’’; (6) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘A mining townsite to be conveyed by the United States under paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘The exterior boundary of the Federal land to be conveyed by the United States under paragraph (2)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.064 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8855 September 25, 2018 
(7) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘a mining townsite under paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal land under paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the mining townsite’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal land’’; (8) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘the ex-amination’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the convey-ance under paragraph (2) should be com-pleted by not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018.’’; (9) by striking paragraphs (2) and (8); (10) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) and (9) and (10) as paragraphs (2) through (6) and (7) and (8) respectively; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management.’’. 
SEC. 3. FACILITATION OF PINYON-JUNIPER-RE-LATED PROJECTS IN LINCOLN COUNTY, NEVADA. 
(a) F ACILITATION OF PINYON -JUNIPER -RE-
LATED PROJECTS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT  
UNDER LINCOLN COUNTY LAND ACT OF 2000 .— Section 5(b) of the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1048) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and implementation’’ after ‘‘development’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) development and implementation of comprehensive, cost-effective, and multi-jurisdictional hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire prevention planning ac-tivities, particularly for pinyon-juniper- dominated landscapes, and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the County, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan or any subsequent revi-sions or amendments to that plan; and’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into cooperative agreements with the County for law enforcement and planning-re-lated activities provided by the County and approved by the Secretary, regarding— ‘‘(A) wilderness in the County designated by the Lincoln County Conservation, Recre-ation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(B) cultural resources identified, pro-tected, and managed pursuant to that Act; ‘‘(C) planning, management, and law en-forcement associated with the Silver State OHV Trail designated by that Act; and ‘‘(D) planning associated with land disposal and related land-use authorizations required for utility corridors and rights-of-way to serve land that has been, or is to be, disposed of pursuant to that Act (other than rights-of- way granted pursuant to that Act) and this Act.’’. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT  
UNDER LINCOLN COUNTY CONSERVATION , RECRE -
ATION , AND DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2004 .—Sec- tion 103 of the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2405) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (b)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) development and implementation of comprehensive, cost-effective, and multi-jurisdictional hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire prevention planning ac-tivities, particularly for pinyon-juniper- dominated landscapes, and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the County, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan or any subsequent revi-sions or amendments to that plan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into cooperative agreements with the County for law enforcement and plan-ning-related activities provided by the Coun-ty and approved by the Secretary regard-ing— ‘‘(1) wilderness in the County designated by this Act; ‘‘(2) cultural resources identified, pro-tected, and managed pursuant to this Act; ‘‘(3) planning, management, and law en-forcement associated with the Silver State OHV Trail designated by this Act; and ‘‘(4) planning associated with land disposal and related land-use authorizations required for utility corridors and rights-of-way to serve land that has been, or is to be, disposed of pursuant to this Act (other than rights-of- way granted pursuant to this Act) and the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1046).’’. (b) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS UNDER LINCOLN  
COUNTY LAND ACT OF 2000 .—Section 5(a)(2) of the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1047) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and economic development’’ after ‘‘schools’’. (2) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS UNDER LINCOLN  
COUNTY CONSERVATION , RECREATION , AND DE -
VELOPMENT ACT OF 2004 .—Section 103(b)(2) of the Lincoln County Conservation, Recre-ation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2405) is amended by striking ‘‘and transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation, and economic develop-ment’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF UTILITY CORRIDOR .— The Secretary of the Interior shall realign the utility corridor established by section 301(a) of the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2412) to be aligned as generally depicted on the map ti-tled ‘‘Proposed LCCRDA Utility Corridor Re-alignment’’ and dated March 14, 2017, by modifying the map titled ‘‘Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Map’’) and dated October 1, 2004, by— (1) removing the utility corridor from sec-tions 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, and 15, T. 7 N., R. 68 E., of the Map; and (2) redesignating the utility corridor so as to appear on the Map in— (A) sections 31, 32, and 33, T. 8 N., R. 68 E.; (B) sections 4, 5, 6, and 7, T. 7 N., R. 68 E.; and (C) sections 1 and 12, T. 7 N., 67 E. (d) F
INAL CORRECTIVE PATENT IN CLARK  C
OUNTY , NEVADA .— (1) V
ALIDATION OF PATENT .—Patent number 27–2005–0081, issued by the Bureau of Land Management on February 18, 2005, is af-firmed and validated as having been issued pursuant to, and in compliance with, the Ne-vada-Florida Land Exchange Authorization Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–275; 102 Stat. 52), the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for the benefit of the desert tortoise, other species, and the habi-tat of the desert tortoise and other species to increase the likelihood of the recovery of the desert tortoise and other species. (2) R
ATIFICATION OF RECONFIGURATION .—The process used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management in reconfiguring the land de-scribed in paragraph (1), as depicted on Ex-hibit 1–4 of the Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Planned Development Project MSHCP, Lincoln County, NV (FWS– R8–ES–2008–N0136), and the reconfiguration provided for in special condition 10 of the Corps of Engineers Permit No. 000005042, are ratified. (e) ISSUANCE OF CORRECTIVE PATENT IN LIN-
COLN COUNTY , NEVADA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior, acting through the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management, may issue a cor-rective patent for the 7,548 acres of land in Lincoln County, Nevada, depicted on the map prepared by the Bureau of Land Man-agement titled ‘‘Proposed Lincoln County Land Reconfiguration’’ and dated January 28, 2016. (2) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—A corrective patent issued under paragraph (1) shall be treated as issued pursuant to, and in compliance with, the Nevada-Florida Land Exchange Author-ization Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–275; 102 Stat. 52). (f) C
ONVEYANCE TO LINCOLN COUNTY , NE-
VADA , TOSUPPORT A LANDFILL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, and subject to valid existing rights, at the re-quest of Lincoln County, Nevada, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall convey without consideration under the Recreation and Pub-lic Purposes Act (43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.) to Lin-coln County all right, title and interest of the United States in and to approximately 400 acres of land in Lincoln County, Nevada, more particularly described as follows: T. 11 S., R. 62, E., Section 25 E 
1⁄2of W 1⁄2; and W 
1⁄2of E 1⁄2; and E 1⁄2of SE 1/4. (2) R
ESERVATION .—The Secretary shall re-serve to the United States the mineral estate in any land conveyed under paragraph (1). (3) U
SE OF CONVEYED LAND .—The land con-veyed under paragraph (1) shall be used by Lincoln County, Nevada, to provide a suit-able location for the establishment of a cen-tralized landfill and to provide a designated area and authorized facilities to discourage unauthorized dumping and trash disposal on environmentally-sensitive public land. Lin-coln County may not dispose of the land con-veyed under paragraph (1). (4) R
EVERSION .—If Lincoln County, Nevada, ceases to use any parcel of land conveyed under paragraph (1) for the purposes de-scribed in paragraph (3)— (A) title to the parcel shall revert to the Secretary of the Interior, at the option of the Secretary; and (B) Lincoln County shall be responsible for any reclamation necessary to restore the parcel to a condition acceptable to the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4. MT. MORIAH WILDERNESS, HIGH SCHELLS WILDERNESS, AND ARC DOME WIL-DERNESS BOUNDARY ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE PAMWHITE WIL-
DERNESS ACT OF 2006.—Section 323 of the Pam White Wilderness Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; 120 Stat. 3031) is amended by strik-ing subsection (e) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) M
T. M ORIAH WILDERNESS ADJUST -
MENT .—The boundary of the Mt. Moriah Wil-derness established under section 2(13) of the Nevada Wilderness Protection Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note) is adjusted to include— ‘‘(1) the land identified as the ‘Mount Moriah Wilderness Area’ and ‘Mount Moriah Additions’ on the map titled ‘Eastern White Pine County’ and dated November 29, 2006; and ‘‘(2) the land identified as ‘NFS Lands’ on the map titled ‘Proposed Wilderness Bound-ary Adjustment Mt. Moriah Wilderness Area’ and dated January 17, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.067 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8856 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(f) H IGH SCHELLS WILDERNESS ADJUST -
MENT .—The boundary of the High Schells Wilderness established under subsection (a)(11) is adjusted— ‘‘(1) to include the land identified as ‘In-clude as Wilderness’ on the map titled ‘McCoy Creek Adjustment’ and dated No-vember 3, 2014; and ‘‘(2) to exclude the land identified as ‘NFS Lands’ on the map titled ‘Proposed Wilder-ness Boundary Adjustment High Schells Wil-derness Area’ and dated January 19, 2017.’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE NEVADA WILDER -
NESS PROTECTION ACT OF 1989.—The Nevada Wilderness Protection Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 12. ARC DOME BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT. 
‘‘The boundary of the Arc Dome Wilderness established under section 2(2) is adjusted to exclude the land identified as ‘Exclude from Wilderness’ on the map titled ‘Arc Dome Ad-justment’ and dated November 3, 2014.’’. 
SEC. 5. IMPLEMENTATION OF WHITE PINE COUN-TY CONSERVATION, RECREATION, AND DEVELOPMENT ACT. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Section 312 of the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3030) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and plan-ning’’ and inserting ‘‘municipal water and sewer infrastructure, public electric trans-mission facilities, public broadband infra-structure, and planning’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) processing by a government entity of public land-use authorizations and rights-of- way relating to the development of land con-veyed to the County under this Act, with an emphasis on authorizations and rights-of- way relating to any infrastructure needed for the expansion of the White Pine County Industrial Park under section 352(c)(2).’’. (b) C
ONVEYANCE TO WHITE PINECOUNTY , N
EVADA .—Section 352 of the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Devel-opment Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3039) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of the Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018’’ before ‘‘the Sec-retary’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘through a competitive bidding process’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with section 244 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Eastern Nevada Economic Development and Land Manage-ment Improvement Act)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary has not conveyed to the County the parcels of land described in subsection (b) by the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018, the Secretary shall convey to the County, without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcels of land.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6299, introduced by Congressman A
MODEI of Nevada, provides common-sense improvements and technical cor-rections to existing laws that will spur economic development and ensure bet-ter land management in several Nevada counties, including Storey, Clark, Lin-coln, and White Pine. The provisions included in this bill represent strong collaboration with State and local elected officials and have been sup-ported by the entire Nevada congres-sional delegation. I want to thank Chairman G
OWDY for his cooperation in getting this bill scheduled for consideration and simply conclude by saying this is a good bill. It is going to enhance sound land man-agement and provide significant public benefit to the people of these Nevada communities. I want to thank and commend Congressman A
MODEI for his fine work. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I am prepared to close when the gentleman is finished. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On September 5, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported H.R. 6299, the Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I ask that you allow the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6299, the Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. As a result of your having consulted with me concerning the provisions of H.R. 6299 that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo consideration of the bill, so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform with respect to any future ju-risdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of mem-bers of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform as conferees in any House- Senate conference on this or related legisla-tion. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources, as well as in the Congressional Record during con-sideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I agree with my col-league. This is a good bill. We are pleased that it facilitates the imple-mentation of the Multiple Species Habitat Conservation plan for the Lower Virgin River. It authorizes funds for fuels reduction and restoration projects in pinyon-juniper-dominated landscapes, makes technical correc-tions to the boundaries of several wil-derness areas and validates a patent as-sociated with a previously authorized land exchange. A previous version of this bill is co-sponsored by the entire Nevada delega-tion, and I recognize that its passage is important to the people of eastern Ne-vada. I do want to thank the majority and the sponsor for working with the BLM to address many of their concerns throughout the bill’s history. Resolv-ing those concerns and working with the BLM turned this bill into a pro-posal we can support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6299, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR TO MANAGE AGRICUL-TURAL PROPERTY IN POINT REYES NATIONAL SEASHORE Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6687) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.067 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8857 September 25, 2018 
Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ longstanding intent to maintain work-ing dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6687 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MANAGEMENT OF AGRICULTURAL PROPERTY IN POINT REYES NA-TIONAL SEASHORE. 
Public Law 87–657 (16 U.S.C. 459c, et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 5(b) (16 U.S.C. 459c–5(b))— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘As used in’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) As used in’’; (B) by striking ‘‘The term ‘agricultural prop-erty’ as used’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘agricultural property’ as used’’; (C) by striking ‘‘means lands which were in regular use’’ and inserting ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) lands under agricultural lease or permit as of September 1, 2018, or lands that were in regular use’’; and (D) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and ‘‘(B) on the northern district of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, lands under ag-ricultural lease or permit as of September 1, 2018, or lands that were in regular use for, or were being converted to, agricultural, ranching, or dairying purposes as of May 1, 1978, together with residential and other structures relat ed to the above uses of the property that were in ex-istence or under construction as of May 1, 1978.’’. (2) In section 5 (16 U.S.C. 459c–5)— (A) by inserting before subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) The Secretary shall manage agricultural property consistent with Congress’ long-stand-ing intent that working dairies and ranches continue to be authorized to operate on agricul-tural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values.’’; and (B) by redesignating subsequent subsections accordingly. (3) In section 6 (16 U.S.C. 459c–6), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In areas of agricultural property where Tule Elk present conflicts with working ranches or dairies, the Secretary shall manage the Tule Elk for separation from the working ranches or dairies. To minimize the conflicts and prevent establishment of new Tule Elk herds on agricul-tural property, the Secretary may work with In-dian Tribes interested in the following: ‘‘(A) Partnering with the Secretary in the re-location and reestablishment of Tule Elk on Tribal lands. ‘‘(B) Participating in hunting Tule Elk on a subsistence or ceremonial basis. ‘‘(C) Other partnerships and activities that the Secretary determines are suitable and fea-sible for this purpose. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection reduces or di-minishes the authority of the Secretary to use other existing authorities or management tools to separate Tule Elk from agricultural prop-erty.’’. (4) By adding at the end, the following: ‘‘S
EC. 10. Consistent with the purposes of this Act, including section 5(a), the Secretary is di-rected to complete, without delay, the General Management Plan Amendment for Point Reyes National Seashore and the northern district of Golden Gate National Recreation Area, its Envi-ronmental Impact Statement, and, upon comple-tion of the Record of Decision, issue leases and special use permits of 20 years for working dairies and ranches on agricultural property. Nothing in this Act requires the Secretary to issue leases and special use permits of 20 years in circumstances where there is no willing les-see, or to a previous lessee who has abandoned or discontinued ranching.’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to man-age the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistently with Congress’ long-standing intent to continue to authorize working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the sea-shore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to present this bill on behalf of its author, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and its cosponsor, Chairman B
ISHOP . Chairman B ISHOP has also asked that I commend my colleague from California for his work and col-laboration on this measure. Representative H
UFFMAN worked to forge consensus with diverse local stakeholders on a complicated issue. When we found local solutions that the local people agree is the answer, as has been done here, we should do every-thing we can on both sides of the aisle to advance the solution forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that is strongly bipartisan. It reaffirms con-gressional intent to continue to au-thorize sustainable, working dairies and ranches within a portion of the Point Reyes National Seashore. This is consistent with the seashore’s historic, cultural, scenic, and natural values. It also honors repeated Federal prom-ises that the ranches and dairies in the Point Reyes National Seashore would be offered long-term permits so that they can have the certainty and the clarity they need to obtain financing, make family succession plans, and other decisions necessary to continue operations. For over 150 years, agriculture has been a vital part of the fabric of West Marin, part of my district in northern California. This includes the historic ranches and dairies in the Point Reyes National Seashore and also some northern portions of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. These ranches and dairies contribute to the unique history, character, and cultural heritage of these magnificent national park units. The statutory history of Point Reyes reflects Congress’ intent to continue ranching in the pastoral areas of the seashore to ensure that future genera-tions could experience these working landscapes. We are reaffirming that in-tent with this bill. I think the agricultural heritage of West Marin is worth protecting. The National Park Service agrees. Across Presidential administrations and since the creation of the seashore and the GGNRA, the Park Service has consist-ently supported continuation of the ranching heritage in these areas. Today, Congress is reaffirming long-standing policy and decades of diligent efforts by the Park Service. We are also making good on a com-mitment Interior Secretary Salazar made in November of 2012 to provide long-term assurances for these ranch-ers and dairies. He specifically directed the Park Service to proceed with ex-tending 20-year permits consistent with applicable laws and planning proc-esses. b2100 Toward that same end, this bill di-rects the issuance of 20-year leases and permits after completion by the Park Service of a robust general manage-ment plan update process, including public engagement and environmental review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act, which must include compliance with the Endangered Spe-cies Act and any other environmental reviews. Through this planning and environ-mental review process, the Park Serv-ice will receive public comment, evalu-ate possible measures that could im-prove the environmental sustainability of the ranches and dairies, and ensure the good stewardship of the seashore’s national resources. The general management plan and the NEPA process will inform how the Park Service exercises its broad discre-tionary authority to set terms and con-ditions in the leases and the permits, and can develop critical strategies, ac-tions, and policies on a wide range of issues involving land and natural re-source management within the sea-shore. As any visitor to Point Reyes knows, one of the unique features of the sea-shore is the successful return of the majestic tule elk. This legislation envi-sions a healthy coexistence of thriving elk herds and the historic ranches and dairies within the seashore through ef-fective management. It provides direction to the Park Service to manage for effective separa-tion between tule elk and livestock in areas where growing elk herds have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.128 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8858 September 25, 2018 
presented conflicts with working ranches and dairies, such as taking up permanent residence on dairies’ crit-ical organic pastureland, interfering with ranch operations, or damaging in-frastructure, hardly the outcomes envi-sioned by the Park Service’s 1998 elk management plan. While providing this general policy guidance, the bill leaves broad discre-tion to the Park Service to determine how best to manage the elk. It leaves in place all existing tools, while adding a new opportunity to explore reloca-tion and cultural ceremonial activities with interested Native American Tribes. I am grateful for the broad public support that this bill has received, ranging from the Marin Conservation League to the Marin County Farm Bu-reau and the Marin County Board of Supervisors. I also want to address, briefly, some misconceptions that a few of the bill’s critics have raised. First, nothing in this bill elevates ranching above other uses of the sea-shore. It specifically does not amend the purpose section of the enabling act, which means that operations of the ranches and dairies will remain con-sistent with the policies and legal re-quirements that govern the Interior Department’s stewardship of the land. It is important to remember that less than one-third of the seashore is in ag-ricultural use today. Nearly twice that amount is designated as wilderness. Nothing in this bill expands agri-culture. It is limited to the areas where there is currently ranching or dairy op-erations. I also want to address and emphasize the fact that nothing in this bill sug-gests elimination of elk from the sea-shore. I am not aware of a single stake-holder who has suggested eliminating elk. If they had, I would reject it. There is no reason elk and ranching cannot coexist on the seashore if there is effective management and separa-tion in areas of conflict. This bill leaves broad discretion to the Park Service to determine the strategies and actions that make the most sense to achieve that goal. For those worried that this bill may somehow reopen the 2012 decision by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to not renew for Drakes Bay Oyster Company and to designate and manage Drakes Estero as marine wilderness, let me be emphatically clear. There is nothing in the letter or the intent of this bill that possibly could be read to do that. The bill has nothing to do with the oyster issue. It focuses on making sure the unresolved part of Secretary Salazar’s 2012 decision, the part providing long- term assurances for the historic ranches and dairies, is actually carried out. In this regard, I was mindful in draft-ing the bill of Secretary Salazar’s spe-cific direction in his memo of Novem-ber 29, 2012, that the Park Service work with the ranches and dairies to ‘‘reaf-firm my intention that, consistent with applicable laws and planning proc-esses, recognition of the role of ranch-ing be maintained and to pursue ex-tending permits to 20-year terms. . . .’’ Secretary Salazar also directed that ‘‘the values of multigenerational ranching and farming at Point Reyes should be fully considered in future planning efforts. These working ranches are a vibrant and compatible part of Point Reyes National Seashore and both now and in the future rep-resent an important contribution to Point Reyes’ superlative natural and cultural resources.’’ I couldn’t agree more. Finally, we have been careful in this bill not to micromanage or tie the hands of the Park Service. As we made clear in amendments at markup and in the committee report, the Service re-tains the ability to exercise common-sense discretion in the supervision of the seashore’s agriculture property and in administering its various permits and leases. For example, the Park Service is not financially responsible for operating ranches and dairies. It is not required to bring back property into agriculture if it has been retired or converted to other purposes. It doesn’t have to allow ranching on agricultural property where there is no willing lessee. Nothing in this bill diminishes any of the Secretary’s existing discretionary authority regarding how to manage ag-ricultural property, including setting and enforcing permit terms and condi-tions and allowing shorter lease or per-mit terms if a rancher does not want a 20-year lease or permit. All of this is common sense. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6687 is a narrowly tailored bill to help en-sure that sustainable ranches and dairies continue as part of the fabric of our spectacular Point Reyes National Seashore for generations to come. The bill does this without compromising any environmental standards. It is con-sistent with both longstanding con-gressional intent, with Secretary Salazar’s 2012 policy directive, and with the current National Park Service planning process. I am proud that this bill has been a refreshing bipartisan effort here in Congress, and I do want to thank my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for their support and assist-ance, especially Chairman R
OBBISHOP  and his staff, as well as Ranking Mem-ber R
AU´LGRIJALVA and his staff, who have worked diligently to perfect this legislation and to move it forward. I also want to thank my staff, espe-cially my district director, Jenny Callaway, as well as Logan Ferree and Christine Sur from my legislative team, for their hard work to make this bill possible. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6687, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistently with Congress’ long-standing intent to con-tinue to authorize working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FDR HISTORIC PRESERVATION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5420) to authorize the acquisi-tion of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National His-toric Site in the State of New York, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5420 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FDR Historic Preservation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. HOME OF FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT NA-TIONAL HISTORIC SITE. 
(a) L ANDACQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire by donation, purchase from a willing seller using donated funds, or exchange, the approximately 89 acres of land identified as the ‘‘Morgan Property’’ and generally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site, Proposed Park Addition’’, numbered 384/138,461 and dated May 2017. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map referred to in subsection (a) shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Na-tional Park Service. (c) B
OUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ; A DMINISTRA -
TION.—Upon acquisition of the land referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) adjust the boundary of the Home of Frank-lin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site to reflect the acquisition; and (2) administer such land as part of the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site in accordance with applicable laws. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.130 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8859 September 25, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5420, by Congress-man F
ASOof New York, would allow 89 acres to be added to the historic site that was Franklin Roosevelt’s lifelong home and birthplace in Hyde Park, New York, which was designated as a National Historic Site in 1944. The land is currently owned by the Scenic Hud-son Land Trust, and they would like to deed it to the National Park Service. The addition would provide impor-tant context for visitors and better connectivity to the Hyde Park Trail that links the FDR National Historic Site to the Vanderbilt Mansion Na-tional Historic Site to the north. The addition would not require any outlay of Federal funds. The transfer would be by donation, exchange, or purchase, using donated funds only. I would like to commend Congress-man F
ASOfor sponsorship of this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentle-man’s description of this very good bill. These two sites draw nearly 200,000 visitors to the Dutchess County region. They are significant contributors to the local economy. It is only fitting that we should work to improve the in-tegration between these two sites and enhance their management and in-crease their accessibility to the public. I know Representative F
ASO has worked hard on this bill and that it is a priority for his office. I want to com-mend him for working across the aisle, including with Senator G
ILLIBRAND ’s support, and I congratulate him on this success today. Before wrapping up, I do want to mention that the money to carry out the expansion proposed in this bill will likely come from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a popular program that expires at the end of this week. That is right. After more than 50 years of bipartisan support, LWCF is once again on the brink of expiring. This is despite the fact that a bill to make the program permanent has earned the support of 235 Members of the House. The bill was voted out of the com-mittee by voice, and all this body must do is bring it up on the floor for a vote. I am always happy to support legisla-tion that protects our public lands and cultural legacies, like this bill by Mr. F
ASO. I urge immediate action, how-ever, on the other step we need to take, and that is bringing forward the bill to address the pending expiration of the LWCF. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would simply like to remind the rank-ing member that the transfer of this land would be by donation, exchange, or purchase, using donated funds only. No Federal funds are involved from the LWCF or anywhere else. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5420, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
MODIFYING APPLICATION OF TEM-PORARY LIMITED APPOINTMENT REGULATIONS TO THE NA-TIONAL PARK SERVICE Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6599) to modify the applica-tion of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Serv-ice, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6599 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPLICATION OF TEMPORARY LIM-ITED APPOINTMENT REGULATIONS TO THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE. 
With respect to the National Park Service, for purposes of carrying out section 316.401 of subpart D of part 316 of title 5, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to temporary lim-ited appointments)— (1) the term ‘‘major subdivision’’ in para-graph (1) of subsection (c) of such section shall be defined by the Director of the Na-tional Park Service; and (2) the requirement in such paragraph that a position be in the same local commuting area shall not apply. 
SEC. 2. SUNSET. 
The modification authority provided by section 1 and any such modification shall ex-pire on the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, recently, the Office of Personnel Management questioned how the National Park Service rehired tem-porary seasonal employees. The NPS did not agree with OPM’s interpreta-tion of the relevant regulation but, nonetheless, complied. OPM’s directive caused confusion for Park Service hiring managers and threatened the ability of parks to open and operate as normal this past sum-mer. Additionally, many temporary seasonal employees were unexpectedly left without a job. H.R. 6599 addresses this issue and al-lows the Park Service to continue its longstanding practices in hiring its es-sential seasonal employees for 1 year while Congress acts to address the issue systemically. Congressman S
TEVE KNIGHT of Cali-fornia has brought us this measure, and I would like to commend him for his leadership on the issue. Americans across the country are going to benefit from this work. I would like to thank him for his cooperation, allowing this to go forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On September 5, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited appoint-ment regulations to the National Park Serv-ice, and for other purposes. While this bill was not originally referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I be-lieve your Committee has a valid jurisdic-tional interest in the measure. I ask that you not seek a sequential refer-ral of the bill so that it may be considered by the House of Representatives this week. This action in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your re-sponse in the bill report and in the Congres-sional Record. Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.133 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8860 September 25, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 6599, a bill to modify the application of temporary limited ap-pointment regulations to the National Park Service, and for other purposes. As a result of your having consulted with me concerning the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will not seek a sequen-tial referral and agrees to forego formal ac-tion on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing a request for a sequential referral of H.R. 6599 at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. I appreciate your agree-ment to support appointment of members of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform as conferees in any House-Sen-ate conference on this or related legislation. In addition, I request the Committee be con-sulted and involved as the bill or similar leg-islation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is correct; this deci-sion created a lot of confusion and frus-tration. Staff needs at national parks fluctuate throughout the year. They are highly seasonally dependent, and many career personnel work at dif-ferent parks through the year, a life-style that is supported by the ability to return to a position every year with-out having to recompete for it. With-out that certainty, they lose job secu-rity, and it becomes extremely difficult to ensure adequate experienced staff throughout the National Park system. I agree with my colleague. I want to thank Representatives K
NIGHT and P A-
NETTA for coming up with this bipar-tisan solution. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6599, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING AUTHORIZATION FOR CAPE COD NATIONAL SEASHORE ADVISORY COMMISSION Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5585) to extend the authoriza-tion for the Cape Cod National Sea-shore Advisory Commission. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5585 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CAPE COD NATIONAL SEASHORE AD-VISORY COMMISSION. 
Effective September 26, 2018, section 8(a) of Public Law 87–126 (16 U.S.C. 459b–7(a)) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2028’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). b2115 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5585 extends authorization of the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Com-mission until 2028. The commission provides valuable feedback to the Cape Cod National Seashore, which helps to promote sound park management, im-prove public access, and ensure that the National Park Service is a good neighbor to the surrounding commu-nities. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the measure and am prepared to close when my colleague is finished. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ), my colleague and champion of the Cape Cod National Seashore. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5585, to reauthorize the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Com-mission for another decade. One of President John F. Kennedy’s first acts was to sign into law the bill that created the Cape Cod National Seashore, a bill which he himself had previously offered when he was a Sen-ator from Massachusetts. This beautiful expanse of sand dunes, marshlands, highland woods, lakes, riv-ers, streams, and pristine coastal estu-aries stretches from Chatham in the south to Provincetown in the north, and includes the six towns that form the Outer Cape and spans over 43,000 acres. Today, more than 4 million visitors from around the world come to my dis-trict every year to experience the nat-ural beauty and recreational opportu-nities that the seashore offers. In this way, the seashore is crucial for the many local businesses that depend on the cape’s tourism industry for their livelihoods. Yet, even while hosting the millions of visitors each summer, the seashore continues to protect dozens of threat-ened endangered species, invests in im-portant local science and education, expands cultural arts, and hosts nu-merous environmental endeavors. One of these projects, the Herring River Restoration Project, will be the largest salt marsh restoration project in New England history. It is important to note that, for many communities on the cape, the parklands make up more than 75 per-cent of their land area. That is why this regional board—the first of its kind in the National Park System—is so important. It links Federal partners in the National Park Service with their State and local partners to inform the public about park matters; to problem- solve on numerous environmental, eco-nomic, and public infrastructure issues; and to promote open lines of communication with the National Park Service. Think about it. Six small commu-nities and a large Federal agency draw-ing several million people into their towns each year, in solutions rather than conflict. Time and time again, this commis-sion has proven itself to be an impor-tant forum for the communities that make up the Outer Cape to have pro-ductive discussions with their leader-ship on the Cape Cod National Sea-shore about issues that affect not only the seashore but the broader Outer Cape region as well. For 60 years, the relationship that the commission has provided between the National Seashore and its host communities represents the best of what a partnership with local entities and Federal officials can and should be. The track record of success that the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission has shown since its incep-tion clearly demonstrates the need for it to continue its exemplary work for the challenges of the next decade. I would like to thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member, my two colleagues from Cali-fornia, for their help in moving this bill forward. I urge my colleagues, all my colleagues, to join me in support of this legislation. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5585. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.101 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8861 September 25, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FORT ONTARIO STUDY ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 46) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York, with a Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) S
TUDY AREA .—The term ‘‘study area’’ means Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York. 
SEC. 3. FORT ONTARIO SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the study area. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the study area; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the study area as a unit of the Na-tional Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of the study area by the Federal Government, State or local government entities, or private and nonprofit or-ganizations; (4) consult with interested Federal agencies, State or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; and (5) identify cost estimates for any Federal ac-quisition, development, interpretation, oper-ation, and maintenance associated with the al-ternatives. (c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study required under subsection (a) shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to carry out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have the amendment consid-ered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. URGING SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR TO RECOGNIZE CULTURAL SIGNIFICANCE OF RIB MOUNTAIN Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Natural Resources be dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 418) urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the cultural significance of Rib Moun-tain by adding it to the National Reg-ister of Historic Places, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 418 Whereas Paul Bunyan is a larger-than-life folk hero who embodies the frontier spirit, might, the willingness to work hard, and the resolve to overcome all obstacles; Whereas reliable documentation estab-lishes that the earliest story about Paul Bunyan was told north of Tomahawk, Wis-consin; Whereas this evidence suggests that Wis-consin’s claim that it is the birthplace of Paul Bunyan is superior to claims from other States; Whereas Paul Bunyan has been the subject of countless literary compositions, musical pieces, commercial works, and theatrical productions; Whereas local legend states that the ‘‘ribs’’ in Rib Mountain, Wisconsin, denote that the mountain is the burial site of Paul Bunyan; Whereas Rib Mountain is nearly 4 miles long and peaks at 1,924 feet above sea level and 670 feet above the local terrain, making it the highest natural feature in North Cen-tral Wisconsin and one of the highest points in the entire State of Wisconsin; Whereas Rib Mountain is home to the Granite Peak Ski Area, one of the first ski areas in North America, where thousands of visitors come annually to ski or snowboard; Whereas Rib Mountain State Park, situ-ated on Rib Mountain, is over 1,500 acres and boasts a well-maintained network of hiking and nature trails with breathtaking views; and Whereas Rib Mountain State Park attracts visitors from the local community as well as from across the State and the country: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) affirms the importance of Rib Mountain to the culture and economy of Wisconsin; (2) recognizes the legend of Paul Bunyan as the embodiment of the frontier spirit; and (3) requests that the Secretary of the Inte-rior recognize the legendary burial site of Paul Bunyan by adding Rib Mountain to the National Register of Historic Places. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I have an amend-ment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 1, strike ‘‘That the House of Representatives—’’ and all that follows through page 3, line 2, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘That the House of Representatives requests that the Secretary of the Interior recognize the legendary burial site of Paul Bunyan by adding Rib Mountain to the Na-tional Register of Historic Places.’’ Mr. M CCLINTOCK (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REQUESTING SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR TO RECOGNIZE THE RICH HISTORY OF THE LOGGING INDUSTRY Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Natural Resources be dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 460) requesting the Secretary of the Interior to recog-nize the rich history of the logging in-dustry and the importance of lumber-jack sports by adding the Lumberjack Bowl to the National Register of His-toric Places, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 460 Whereas the Lumberjack World Champion-ships began in 1960 as a tribute to the rich history of the logging industry across the United States, and particularly in Wisconsin; Whereas the Lumberjack World Champion-ships occur annually in Hayward, Wisconsin, the biggest small town in America, which is renowned for its history and beauty; Whereas the Lumberjack Bowl has hosted the Lumberjack World Championships for decades, thereby drawing economic activity in the Hayward area; Whereas hundreds of volunteers from Saw-yer County work tirelessly to make the com-petition a world class event for thousands of spectators every July; Whereas this year’s competition will show-case over 100 athletes across 21 unique events that demonstrate the skills, abilities, and grit of the old-time lumberjacks; Whereas lumberjack sports continue to in-crease in popularity, with loyal fans and competitors from across the globe; Whereas many universities across the United States have woodsmen or lumberjack teams that compete at the collegiate level; Whereas the Lumberjack Bowl was for-merly a holding pond for the North Wis-consin Lumber Company; Whereas the North Wisconsin Lumber Company Office in Hayward, Wisconsin, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 7, 1980; Whereas listing on the National Register of Historic Places drives tourism to commu-nities and further denotes the cultural sig-nificance of a structure; and Whereas the Lumberjack Bowl still hosts all the events for the Lumberjack World Championships, including men’s and wom-en’s logrolling, chopping, pole climbing, boom running, and sawing: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.140 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8862 September 25, 2018 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes the importance of lumber-jack sports to the culture and economy of Wisconsin; (2) supports the growth of lumberjack sports around the United States; and (3) requests that the Secretary of the Inte-rior add the Lumberjack Bowl, the site of the Lumberjack World Championships, to the National Register of Historic Places. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I have an amend-ment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 1, strike ‘‘That the House of Representatives—’’ and all that follows through page 3, line 4, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘That the House of Representatives requests that the Secretary of the Interior add the Lumberjack Bowl, the site of the Lumberjack World Championships, to the National Register of Historic Places.’’ 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INNOVATIONS IN MENTORING, TRAINING, AND APPRENTICE-SHIPS ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5509) to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education ap-proaches and the STEM-related work-force, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5509 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) To remain competitive in the global economy, foster greater innovation, and pro-vide a foundation for shared prosperity, the United States needs a workforce with the right mix of skills to meet the diverse needs of the economy. (2) Evidence indicates that the returns on investments in technical skills in the labor market are strong when students success-fully complete their education and gain cre-dentials sought by employers. (3) The responsibility for developing and sustaining a skilled technical workforce is fragmented across many groups, including educators, students, workers, employers, Federal, State, and local governments, civic associations, and other stakeholders. Such groups need to be able to coordinate and co-operate successfully with each other. (4) Coordination among students, commu-nity colleges, secondary and post-secondary institutions, and employers would improve educational outcomes. (5) Promising experiments currently un-derway may guide innovation and reform, but scalability of some of those experiments has not yet been tested. (6) Evidence suggests that integration of academic education, technical skills devel-opment, and hands-on work experience im-proves outcomes and return on investment for students in secondary and post-secondary education and for skilled technical workers in different career stages. (7) Outcomes show that mentoring can in-crease STEM student engagement and the rate of completion of STEM post-secondary degrees. SEC. 3. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION STEM INNOVATION AND APPRENTICESHIP GRANTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall award competitive grants to eligible entities in ac-cordance with this section. (b) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Director shall consult and co-operate with the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies to avoid du-plication with, and enhance the effectiveness of, the provision of grants under this section. (c) G
RANTS FOR ASSOCIATE DEGREE PRO-
GRAMS IN STEM F IELDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation shall award com-petitive grants to community colleges to de-velop or improve associate or certificate pro-grams in STEM fields in, with respect to the region in which the respective college is lo-cated, an in-demand industry sector or occu-pation (as defined in section 3(23)) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102(23))). (2) A
PPLICATION .—In considering applica-tions for grants under paragraph (1), the Di-rector shall prioritize— (A) applicants that consist of a partnership between the applying community college and individual employers or an employer con-sortia, or industry or sector partnerships, and may include a university or other orga-nization with demonstrated expertise in aca-demic program development; (B) applications that demonstrate current and future workforce demand in occupations directly related to the proposed associate de-gree or certificate program; (C) applications that include commitments by the partnering employers or employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships, to offer apprenticeships, internships or other applied learning opportunities to students enrolled in the proposed associate degree program; (D) applications that include outreach plans and goals for recruiting and enrolling women and other historically underrep-resented individuals in STEM studies and ca-reers in the proposed associate degree pro-gram; and (E) applications that describe how the ap-plying community college will support the collection of information and data for pur-poses of evaluation of the proposed associate degree program. (3) F
UNDING .—The National Science Foun-dation shall devote not less than $20,000,000 to awards described in this subsection, which shall include not less than $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the Edu-cation and Human Resources Directorate. This subsection shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) G
RANTS FOR STEM D EGREE APPLIED  L
EARNING OPPORTUNITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation shall award com-petitive grants to institutions of higher edu-cation partnering with employers or em-ployer consortia, or industry or sector part-nerships, that commit to offering appren-ticeships, internships, research opportuni-ties, or applied learning experiences to en-rolled university students in identified STEM baccalaureate degree programs. (2) A
PPLICATION .—In considering applica-tions for grants under paragraph (1), the Di-rector shall prioritize— (A) applicants that consist of a partnership between— (I) the applying university; and (ii) individual employers or an employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships; (B) applications that demonstrate current and future workforce demand in occupations directly related to selected STEM fields; (C) applications that include outreach plans and goals for recruiting and enrolling women and other populations historically underrepresented in STEM; and (D) applications that describe how the uni-versity will support the collection and infor-mation of data for purposes of the evaluation of identified STEM degree programs. (3) F
UNDING .—The National Science Foun-dation shall devote not less than $10,000,000 to awards described in this subsection, which shall include not less than $2,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the Edu-cation and Human Resources Directorate. This subsection shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. (e) G
RANTS FOR COMPUTER -BASED AND ON-
LINE STEM E DUCATION COURSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation shall award com-petitive grants to institutions of higher edu-cation or nonprofit organizations to conduct research on student outcomes and determine best practices for STEM education and tech-nical skills education through distance learning or in a simulated work environ-ment. (2) R
ESEARCH AREAS .—The research areas eligible for funding under this subsection may include— (A) post-secondary courses for technical skills development for STEM occupations; (B) improving high-school level career and technical education in STEM subjects; (C) encouraging and sustaining interest and achievement levels in STEM subjects among women and other populations histori-cally underrepresented in STEM studies and careers; and (D) combining computer-based and online STEM education and skills development with traditional mentoring and other men-toring arrangements, apprenticeships, in-ternships, and other applied learning oppor-tunities. (3) F
UNDING .—The National Science Foun-dation shall devote not less than $10,000,000 to awards described in this subsection, which shall include not less than $2,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the Edu-cation and Human Resources Directorate. This subsection shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. RESEARCH ON EFFICIENCY OF SKILLED TECHNICAL LABOR MARKETS. 
(a) E FFICIENCY OF SKILLED TECHNICAL  L
ABOR MARKETS .—The Directorate of Social, Behavioral & Economic Sciences of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Secretary of Labor, shall support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.104 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8863 September 25, 2018 
research on labor market analysis innova-tions, data and information sciences, elec-tronic information tools and methodologies, and metrics. (b) C
OMPARISON OF UNITED STATES WORK-
FORCE .— (1) R
ESEARCH .—The National Science Foun-dation shall commission research that com-pares and contrasts skilled technical work-force development between States and re-gions within the United States and other de-veloped countries, including the diversity of skilled technical and professional workforces, to the extent feasible. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the National Science Foundation shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study under paragraph (1). (c) S
KILLED TECHNICAL WORKFORCE .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics of the National Science Foundation shall consult and coordinate with other relevant Federal statistical agencies, including the Institu-tion of Education Science, and the Com-mittee on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Education, to explore the feasibility of expanding its surveys to in-clude the collection of objective data on the skilled technical workforce. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the National Science Foundation shall submit to Congress a report containing the progress made in expanding the National Center for Science and Engineering Statis-tics surveys to include the skilled technical workforce. Such report shall include a plan for multi-agency collaboration in order to ef-fect data collection and reporting of data on the skilled technical workforce. 
SEC. 5. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
SEC. 6. EVALUATION AND REPORT. 
(a) E VALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall evaluate the grants and programs pro-vided under this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the eval-uation under paragraph (1), the Director shall — (A) use a common set of benchmarks and assessment tools to identify best practices and materials developed or demonstrated by the research conducted pursuant to such grants and programs; (B) include an assessment of the effective-ness of the grant programs established under this Act in expanding apprenticeships, in-ternships, and other applied learning oppor-tunities offered by employers in conjunction with community colleges and institutions of higher education; (C) assess the number of students who par-ticipated in programs established under or pursuant to this Act; (D) assess the percentage of students par-ticipating in programs established under or pursuant to this Act who successfully com-plete their education program; and (E) assess the median earnings of students who have completed a program with respect to which a grant was awarded under section 3(c), as of the date that is two calendar quar-ters after completing the program, as prac-ticable. (b) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the evaluation under subsection (a), the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit to Congress and make widely avail-able to the public a report that includes— (1) the results of the evaluation; and (2) any recommendations for legislative ac-tion that could optimize the effectiveness of the grants and programs under this Act. (c) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Director of the Foundation shall consult the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies to avoid duplica-tion with, and enhance the effectiveness of, the grants and programs under this Act. (d) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY OF EDU-
CATION .—On the date on which the report is submitted under subsection (b), the Director of the National Science Foundation shall also submit to the Secretary of Education a copy of the report. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science. (2) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘‘com-munity college’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘junior and community college’’ in sec-tion 312 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058). (3) R
EGION .—The term ‘‘region’’ means a labor market area, as such term is defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). (4) S
KILLED TECHNICAL WORKFORCE .—The term ‘‘skilled technical workforce’’ means workers with high school diplomas and two- year technical training or certifications who employ significant levels of STEM knowl-edge in their jobs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5509, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5509, the Innova-tions in Mentoring, Training, and Ap-prenticeships Act, was introduced by Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY and cosponsored by a number of Science, Space, and Technology Committee members and approved by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. H.R. 5509 continues the bipartisan progress the Science Committee has made to expand and improve science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and computer science education pro-grams to create new pathways to STEM careers. We can’t overstate the value of a strong STEM workforce in America. STEM workers drive innovation, manu-facturing, scientific discovery, and pro-ductivity across the economy. Accord-ing to the National Science Board’s most recent ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’ report, the number of U.S. jobs that require STEM skills has grown by a third over the past decade. STEM workforce demand is forecast to increase steadily for years to come. Unfortunately, we know that nearly 40 percent of students who embark on a STEM major do not complete it, and only half of STEM graduates are em-ployed in STEM jobs. We also know that apprenticeship and mentoring ini-tiatives can improve the rate of STEM degree completion at both 4-year uni-versities and community colleges. America’s competitiveness in STEM fields requires a diverse and flexible workforce comprised of workers with educational backgrounds ranging from certificate-level technical occupations to Ph.D.s. To this end, H.R. 5509 directs the National Science Foundation to fund initiatives that support innova-tive partnerships between academic in-stitutions and local industries. The NSF will offer at least $5 million per year over the next 4 years in grants to community colleges to develop new STEM courses and degrees. These pro-grams will combine formal education with on-the-job work experiences, such as apprenticeships and internships, by partnering with local employers. Additionally, the pending legislation directs NSF to offer at least another $2.5 million per year for the next 4 years to 4-year universities to partner with local industry and offer appren-ticeships and other applied learning ex-periences for STEM undergraduate stu-dents. The bill also requires the National Science Foundation to award $2.5 mil-lion per year over the next 4 years for research grants to measure student outcomes and the effectiveness of com-puter-based and online courses for technical skills training. Leader MCCARTHY ’s legislation fur-ther directs the NSF to research the difference between skilled technical workforce development in the United States and in other developed coun-tries. Lastly, H.R. 5509 requires the Na-tional Science Foundation to conduct research on labor market analysis in-novations and America’s skilled tech-nical workforce in order to improve our understanding of this workforce’s trends and needs. The innovative initiatives in this leg-islation will leverage the hard work and ingenuity of women and men of all ages, education levels, and back-grounds to meet the demand for a STEM-capable workforce. Much like the action the Trump ad-ministration has already taken to ex-pand apprenticeships to help meet to-day’s rapidly changing economy, the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act takes signifi-cant steps to invest in new STEM edu-cation and workforce development pro-grams. Such investments will ensure the United States remains competitive in the global economy both today and tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.106 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8864 September 25, 2018 
The majority leader’s bill will en-hance America’s STEM competitive-ness and contribute to our future eco-nomic prosperity, so there are many good reasons to support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I would like to thank Majority Leader M
CCARTHY for introducing this bill. b2130 Building a workforce with skills in the STEM fields—science, technology, engineering, and math—which can meet the demands of our continually evolving economy is one of the most pressing challenges that we face today. Many companies are having dif-ficulty recruiting and retaining work-ers with sufficient STEM skills for their needs. This STEM skills gap has existed for years and is continuing to widen. With companies across all eco-nomic sectors increasing their reliance on data, automation, and technology- driven business models, the need for STEM workers has never been greater. Employers are increasingly con-cerned that their inability to hire em-ployees with the technical skills they need will affect their capacity to inno-vate, increase production, and expand internationally. Make no mistake: America’s future economic prosperity is on the line. High schools, community colleges, and universities have been slow to re-spond, struggling to adapt their cur-riculum to keep pace with the rapidly evolving needs of industry. There is a need to innovate and encourage part-nerships between educators in the pri-vate sector to better prepare the next generation of skilled technical work-ers. Apprenticeships have garnered sig-nificant attention in recent years be-cause of the potential to bridge the STEM skills gap. Apprenticeships offer workers practical hands-on training, nationally recognized credentials, and the potential to earn credit towards an associate’s or bachelor’s degree. At the completion of an apprenticeship, most workers are on the path to a long-term, well-paying career with little or no education-related debt. By investing in education and on-the- job training for their workers, employ-ers can develop a workforce equipped with a set of skills tailored to the spe-cific needs of their businesses. Despite the benefits for employers and employees, apprenticeships remain underutilized in the United States when compared with other developed nations. President Obama first called for expanded access to apprenticeships in his 2014 State of the Union Address. In 2016, Congress appropriated funding for the Department of Labor in support of expanding entrepreneurships. H.R. 5509 builds on these efforts and ongoing activities at the National Science Foundation by providing sup-port for the improvement of STEM de-gree programs and apprenticeship pro-grams in partnership with universities and local employers. This legislation also supports research to find lessons learned from international approaches to skilled technical workforce develop-ment. Mr. Speaker, we must prepare a workforce that keeps pace with needs of industry if we are to reach our full economic potential and remain the global leaders in innovation. H.R. 5509 is a good step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. L
ESKO ), who is an active member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and a member of both the Research and Technology and Environment Sub-committees. Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to applaud the American Legisla-tive Exchange Council members who are joining us tonight and their CEO, Lisa Nelson, and her staff. I thank them for attending. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Men-toring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. Presently, the American economy faces a shortage of 6 million skilled workers, a number expected to reach 11 million by 2022. This workforce short-age will only continue to grow unless we focus on training the next genera-tion of skilled workers. In Arizona, we are seeing rapid growth in the science, technology, and engineering fields. Our aerospace in-dustry is being strengthened by the creation of university partnerships like the ASU Research Enterprise and Aero-space Arizona. In order to support these growing in-dustries, we must take action. This legislation is a step in that direction by providing grants for innovative ap-proaches to STEM education and re-lated workforce development. The bill expands the workforce pipeline in STEM fields through experiments with apprenticeships and other applied learning opportunities for college stu-dents and places a focus on the en-hancement of 2-year degree programs and technical skill certificates in order to meet the shortage of qualified can-didates at all levels. I want to thank the majority leader for bringing this legislation forward, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who is a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and is the chairwoman of the Research and Tech-nology Subcommittee. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SMITH for yielding me the time. I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the In-novations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. This bill takes important steps in addressing the growing need for a diverse and tech-nically trained STEM workforce. Technological advances have trans-formed the workplace with almost 20 percent of all jobs in the U.S. economy requiring some level of STEM training. These jobs are expected to grow nearly 9 percent over the next decade, faster than any other employment category; and, of course, we know these are also higher paying jobs, and we want more women and a more diverse workforce here, also. Unfortunately, we also know that we have been failing to keep students in the STEM pipeline. Almost half of all students who start in a STEM major do not graduate with one. Of those who do graduate with a STEM degree, only half go on to a career in a STEM field. It is essential we address these chal-lenges in order to ensure U.S. competi-tiveness in the global economy. In February, I chaired a Research and Technology Subcommittee hear-ing, which looked at innovative STEM education and workforce training mod-els from across the country. These models demonstrated how apprentice-ships, mentoring, and on-the-job train-ing are used to successfully bridge STEM skills gaps. I am happy to say that many of the lessons learned from that hearing are reflected in this bill, including the point that most successful programs are an integration of academia, tech-nical training, and hands-on work ex-perience. H.R. 5509 directs the National Science Foundation to competitively award grants to community colleges and 4-year institutions to develop and improve STEM courses and degrees. These programs will combine formal education with applied learning experi-ences, such as apprenticeships and in-ternships, by partnering with regional employers needing to fill skilled and technical STEM jobs. This bill also calls for NSF to com-petitively award grants to determine best practices and measure student outcomes of distance learning and sim-ulated work environment courses for STEM education and technical skills training. Lastly, it directs the National Science Foundation to examine the de-velopment and sustainability of skilled technical workforces from across the U.S. and around the world, explore the feasibility of surveying the U.S. skilled technical workforce, and research and develop potential labor market anal-ysis innovations. These programs and important re-search will help support and build the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.146 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8865 September 25, 2018 
STEM pipeline and the STEM work-force that will drive American innova-tion in order to meet the challenges of the 21st century economy. I want to thank Leader M
CCARTHY  for introducing this legislation and for the opportunity to cosponsor this. I also thank Chairman S
MITH and Rank-ing Member J
OHNSON for their great work in ushering this bill through the committee on a bipartisan basis. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 5509 because it recognizes the great work under way in National Science Foundation’s Advanced Tech-nological Education Program. This program works to promote the develop-ment of our STEM technical workforce and ensures that it continues to be prioritized going forward. As my colleagues are aware, I have two degrees in engineering. My wife also has a degree in math. This is part of the reason I am an ardent supporter of STEM education, especially edu-cation that is aligned with the require-ments for in-demand careers. One such program in my district is called the National Center for Systems Security and Information Assurance at Moraine Valley Community College. Since 2003, it has received Advanced Technological Education funding from NSF to be a national center of excel-lence in cybersecurity education. The college provides students with real- world learning experiences and pro-vides curriculum, instructional mate-rials, and professional development for cybersecurity educators around the world. We all know that there is a massive nationwide need for cybersecurity pro-fessionals. According to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education, there are currently over 301,000 open jobs in cybersecurity, including over 13,000 in the public sector. To make progress in meeting this need as well as the need in other STEM fields, we will need many more innova-tive education programs like the one at Moraine Valley and those promoted by H.R. 5509. This type of education bene-fits students, employers, our economy, and our national security, and it is worthy of this Chamber’s support. I thank Chairman S
MITH and Rank-ing Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON for their work on this bill. I thank Chair-man S
MITH for his bipartisan work on the three bills that we are doing here tonight, and I am hopeful that perhaps there will be more to do before the end of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just briefly, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) for working with us so well on so many bills for almost 2 years. I think he has been as active on the legislation as any other member of the committee, and as he pointed out or suggested, most of the bills that we passed under the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee’s jurisdiction are, in fact, bipar-tisan bills; and he has, as often as not, been an important player in the pas-sage of those pieces of legislation. Mr. Speaker, there are no other re-quests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5509, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STAND-ARDS AND TECHNOLOGY REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6229) to authorize the pro-grams of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6229 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2018.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,198,500,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2018. (2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount authorized by paragraph (1)— (A) $724,500,000 shall be for scientific and technical research and services laboratory activities; (B) $319,000,000 shall be for the construction and maintenance of facilities; and (C) $155,000,000 shall be for industrial tech-nology services activities. (b) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,125,000,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2019. (2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount authorized by paragraph (1)— (A) $850,000,000 shall be for scientific and technical research and services laboratory activities, of which— (i) $109,900,000 shall be for the advanced communications, networks, and scientific data systems mission area; (ii) $103,200,000 shall be for the cybersecu-rity and privacy mission area; (iii) $234,000,000 shall be for the funda-mental measurement, quantum science and measurement dissemination mission area; and (iv) $89,800,000 shall be for the physical in-frastructure and resilience mission area; (B) $120,000,000 shall be for the construction and maintenance of facilities; and (C) $155,000,000 shall be for industrial tech-nology services activities. SEC. 3. QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE. 
(a) R ESEARCH ACTIVITIES AND ENGAGE -
MENT .—The Secretary, acting through the Director, shall— (1) continue to support and expand basic quantum information science and tech-nology research and development of meas-urement and standards infrastructure nec-essary to advance commercial development of quantum applications; (2) use the programs of the Institute, in collaboration with other relevant Federal agencies, as appropriate, to train scientists in quantum information science and tech-nology to increase participation in the quan-tum fields; (3) establish or expand collaborative ven-tures or consortia with other public or pri-vate sector entities, including other Federal agencies engaged in quantum information science research and development, institu-tions of higher education, National Labora-tories, and industry, for the purpose of ad-vancing the field of quantum information science and engineering; and (4) have the authority to enter into and perform such contracts on such terms as the Secretary, acting through the Director, con-siders appropriate, including cooperative re-search and development arrangements and grants and cooperative agreements or other transactions, as may be necessary in the conduct of the work of the Institute with re-spect to quantum information science and technology. (b) Q
UANTUM WORKSHOP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director, shall convene a workshop of stakeholders to dis-cuss the future measurement, standards, cy-bersecurity, and other issues that relate to development of quantum information science in the United States. The goals of the work-shop shall be— (A) assessment of the Institute’s quantum information science and technology research work, including areas that may need addi-tional Institute investment in order to sup-port development of quantum information science and technology in the United States; and (B) consideration of recommendations and priority issues for the Institute’s participa-tion in the proposed National Quantum Ini-tiative Program. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Di-rector, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate a summary report containing the find-ings of the workshop convened under this subsection. (c) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce shall devote $80,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion for fiscal year 2019, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available pursuant to section 2(b)(2)(A)(iii) of this Act. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appro-priated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH. 
(a) R ESEARCH .—The Secretary, acting through the Director, shall expand the fun-damental and applied research carried out by the Institute to address key questions relat-ing the measurement of privacy, security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.148 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8866 September 25, 2018 
and vulnerability of software tools and com-munications networks, including through— (1) the development of research and engi-neering capabilities to provide practical so-lutions, including measurement techniques and engineering toolkits, to solve cybersecu-rity challenges such as human factors, iden-tity management, network security, privacy, and software; (2) investment in tools to help private and public sector organizations measure their cybersecurity, manage their risks and ensure workforce preparedness for new cybersecu-rity challenges; and (3) investment in programs to prepare the United States with strong cybersecurity and encryption technologies to apply to emerg-ing technologies such as artificial intel-ligence, the internet of things, and quantum computing. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary, acting through the Director, shall have the author-ity to enter into and perform such contracts on such terms as the Secretary considers to be appropriate, including cooperative re-search and development arrangements, grants, and cooperative agreements or other transactions, as may be necessary in the conduct of the work of the Institute with re-spect to cybersecurity. 
SEC. 5. COMPOSITES RESEARCH. 
(a) R ESEARCH .—The Secretary, acting through the Director, shall implement the recommendations contained in the December 2017 report entitled ‘‘Road Mapping Work-shop Report on Overcoming Barriers to Adoption of Composites in Sustainable Infra-structure’’, as appropriate, to help facilitate the adoption of composite technology in in-frastructure in the United States. In imple-menting such recommendations, the Sec-retary, acting through the Director shall, with respect to the use of composite tech-nology in infrastructure— (1) not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, establish a design data clearinghouse to identify, gather, vali-date, and disseminate existing design cri-teria, tools, guidelines, and standards; and (2) develop methods and resources required for testing an evaluation of safe and appro-priate uses of composite materials for infra-structure, including— (A) conditioning protocols, procedures and models; (B) screening and acceptance tools; and (C) minimum allowable design data sets that can be converted into design tools. (b) S
TANDARDS COORDINATION .—The Sec-retary, acting through the Director, shall as-sure that the appropriate Institute staff con-sult regularly with standards developers, members of the composites industry, institu-tions of higher education, and other stake-holders in order to facilitate the adoption of standards for use of composite materials in infrastructure that are based on the research and testing results and other information de-veloped by the Institute. (c) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce shall devote $11,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion for fiscal year 2019, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available pursuant to section 2(b)(2)(A)(iv) of this Act. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appro-priated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND DATA SCIENCE. 
The Secretary, acting through the Direc-tor, shall continue to support the develop-ment of artificial intelligence and data science, including through— (1) the expansion of the Institute’s capa-bilities, including scientific staff and re-search infrastructure; (2) the implementation of rigorous sci-entific testing to support the development of trustworthy and safe artificial intelligence and data systems; (3) the development of machine learning and other artificial intelligence applications to support measurement science research programs and take steps to modernize the Institute’s research infrastructure; and (4) the development and publication of new cybersecurity tools, encryption methods, and best practices for artificial intelligence and data science. SEC. 7. INTERNET OF THINGS. 
The Secretary, acting through the Direc-tor, shall continue to conduct research with respect to and support the expanded connectivity, interoperability, and security of interconnected systems and other aspects of the internet of things, including through— (1) the development of new tools and meth-odologies for cybersecurity of the internet of things; (2) the development of technologies to ad-dress network congestion and device inter-ference, such as the development of testing tools for next generation wireless commu-nications, internet of things protocols, coex-istence of wireless communications systems, and spectrum sharing; (3) convening experts in the public and pri-vate sectors to develop recommendations for accelerating the adoption of sound interoper-ability standards, guidelines, and best prac-tices for the internet of things; and (4) the development and publication of new cybersecurity tools, encryption methods, and best practices for internet of things security. 
SEC. 8. HIRING AND MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary, acting through the Director, may— (1) appoint, without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code (other than sections 3303, 3328, and 3330e of such chapter), qualified candidates to scientific, engineering, and professional positions for carrying out re-search and development functions which re-quire the services of specially qualified per-sonnel relating to cybersecurity and quan-tum information science and technology and such other areas of national research prior-ities as the Secretary, acting through the Di-rector, may determine; and (2) fix the rate of basic pay of any indi-vidual appointed under paragraph (1), at a rate not in excess of the basic rate of pay of the Vice President under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, without regard to title 5, United States Code. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Director may appoint not more than 10 individuals under this sec-tion. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority under this sec-tion shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. (2) The term ‘‘Framework’’ means the Framework for Improving Critical Infra-structure Cybersecurity developed by the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology and referred to in Executive Order 13800 issued on May 11, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 22391 et seq.). (3) The term ‘‘Institute’’ means the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. (4) The term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). (5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Commerce. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 6229, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I take this opportunity to speak on behalf of my bill, H.R. 6229, the National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018. NIST’s mission is to promote U.S. in-novation and industrial competitive-ness by advancing measurement science, standards, and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve all Americans’ quality of life. Since its establishment in 1901, NIST has helped position U.S. technology at the leading edge, making contributions to innumerable products and services that rely in some way on technology, measurement, and standards. Such technology ranges from devel-oping biometric standards for law en-forcement or new materials for protec-tive equipment of our Nation’s fire-fighters to atomic clocks and earth-quake-resistant skyscrapers. This leg-islation authorizes NIST’s industrial technology services, construction ac-tivities, and bolsters the scientific and technical research and services lab ac-tivities for 2 years. NIST has the mission and capabili-ties to contribute to areas critical to the U.S. global competitiveness. To this end, this legislation authorizes in-creased investments in four emerging technology areas: quantum science, ar-tificial intelligence and data science, advanced communications and the Internet of Things, and composites re-search and standards development. b2145 These investments will launch dis-coveries and technical advances that will significantly affect the Nation’s economy in the coming decades. As we have heard in our committee, the po-tential for artificial intelligence to help humans and further scientific dis-coveries is immense. By advancing our ability to store and process large and complex data sets through AI and machine learning, com-puters are able to refine and enhance future predictions. This advanced tech-nology is already creating tremendous developments in many fields, including medicine, manufacturing, and finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.113 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8867 September 25, 2018 
This legislation also directs NIST to capitalize on its deep and varied exper-tise in advanced composites. NIST is directed to connect research that will provide the evidence and data needed to set industry standards and design guidelines to encourage the safe adop-tion and application of composite ma-terials in U.S. infrastructure projects. NIST plays a very important role in protecting the Nation from cyber threats through its ongoing cybersecu-rity research. NIST is examining the applications of blockchain technology, and creating voluntary frameworks and standards to help reduce cyber risks to Federal agencies, multiple in-dustries, and critical infrastructure. Its cybersecurity technical standards and risk management frameworks are widely regarded as one of the best and most comprehensive in the world. I want to thank Ranking Member L
IPINSKI for cosponsoring this impor-tant legislation with me. As the chair-man has mentioned, he has been an es-sential partner with us in getting so many of our bipartisan bills put for-ward. I would also like to thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON  for assisting in ushering this bill through the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee on a bipartisan basis. As industry’s national laboratory, NIST is dedicated to supporting re-search and technology development in the areas of national importance from communications technology and cyber-security to advanced manufacturing and disaster resilience. This bill supports NIST’s critical work of helping U.S. industries and im-proving Americans’ quality of life by developing new measurement tools, providing authoritative data, and bringing stakeholders together to find solutions to ensure U.S. competitive-ness in the 21st century economy. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT  
ANDGOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, September 21, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, & Technology, House of Representatives. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in H.R. 6229, the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018.’’ As a result of your having consulted with me concerning the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will not seek a sequential referral and agrees to forego formal action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing a request for a sequential referral of H.R. 6229 at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legis-lation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration, to memorialize our under-standing. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , S
PACE , ANDTECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 24, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 6229, the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ which was ordered reported by the Science Committee June 27, 2018. I agree that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has a valid jurisdic-tional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 6229, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your deci-sion to forego consideration of H.R. 6229. As you have requested, I will support your re-quest for an appropriate appointment of out-side conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a con-ference be convened. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6229, the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018, and I thank Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for sponsoring this bill. This is a bipartisan bill that provides support for NIST’s important work car-rying out scientific and technical re-search, and assisting small- and me-dium-sized U.S. manufacturers. The agency’s work helps to advance stand-ards development in critical areas of innovation across all sectors of our economy. NIST’s core mission is to promote U.S. innovation and industrial com-petitiveness. Through its laboratories and user facilities, NIST carries out world-class measurement science and facilitates the development of stand-ards for emerging technologies. Standards ensure users that prom-ising technologies have been rigorously tested for safety, effectiveness, and re-liability. NIST provides its services and expertise to other agencies, aca-demic researchers, and the private sec-tor. This bill provides funding to support NIST’s work in critical areas of na-tional importance, including advanced communications, cybersecurity and privacy, the Internet of Things, quan-tum information science, and infra-structure resilience. The wireless de-mands of the 21st century require the advances in measurement science that NIST is carrying out. The devastating hurricanes and other natural disasters that have plagued our communities underscore the impor-tance of NIST’s work in disaster resil-iency and new infrastructure mate-rials. In addition, this bill provides signifi-cant funding for NIST’s quantum infor-mation science and artificial intel-ligence research programs. Quantum technology has promising applications in healthcare, navigation, encryption, and many other areas. We are only be-ginning to explore the significant ad-vances that artificial intelligence, or AI, may bring to the world. At the same time, there are signifi-cant policy implications for AI, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on issues dealing with ethics, workforce impacts, and the human-AI interface as these tech-nologies move forward. Finally, with five Nobel Prize-win-ning scientists in its ranks, NIST con-tinues to attract some of the Nation’s leading scientists. Even so, recruiting and retaining top talent is a challenge, and this bill provides flexibility to help NIST bring on and train the best and brightest measurement scientists in order to remain at the leading edge of emerging technologies. I am also happy to see the bill in-creases support for the labs program and funding for the Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership program. In the fu-ture, I hope my colleagues will support increases for necessary improvement to NIST’s aging lab infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6229, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), the chairwoman of the Research and Technology Sub-committee, for yielding me time to speak on her legislation. The bill, H.R. 6229, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018, is an im-portant bill that has been worked on both by Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK and the gentleman from Illinois, Subcommittee Ranking Member D
ANLIPINSKI , and I appreciate their taking the initiative on this legislation. This bipartisan bill was unanimously approved by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee in June. It au-thorizes NIST’s research and tech-nology programs for 2 years. The NIST Reauthorization Act en-sures that the research and develop-ment conducted by NIST keeps the United States on the cutting edge of global technological capabilities. NIST is one of the Nation’s oldest physical science laboratories. The technology, standards, and measure-ments provided by NIST support U.S. competitiveness in key industries, in-cluding manufacturing, nanomaterials, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.151 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8868 September 25, 2018 
computing, communications, and cy-bersecurity. These have real-world applications. Through basic research, NIST sets standards and facilitates the imple-mentation and use of technologies that impact the lives of our constituents every day. Examples include providing the precise official time for the United States that we see on our computers and smartphones, to the thresholds for the smoke detectors that protect our families and homes. For instance, NIST research and standards have improved the self-con-tained breathing apparatuses worn by more than a million American fire-fighters. NIST also provides modeling tech-niques that allow scientists to develop and test cancer therapies using active viruses that cannot be studied using standard practices. And NIST’s Smart Grid work is improving the reliability and capability of our electric grid. These are just a handful of examples that illustrate why NIST’s scientific and technical research and services are critical to American innovation and in-dustrial competitiveness. Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK ’s bill signifi-cantly increases NIST’s research to fa-cilitate commercial use of emerging technologies. Specifically, this legisla-tion increases the core NIST labora-tories account by $125 million to trans-form more basic and early stage re-search into usable innovations and new technologies. It accelerates basic quantum infor-mation science research and standards development, and provides funds to ad-dress fundamental research gaps, ena-bling the U.S. to take the lead in devel-oping quantum standards and measure-ments. Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK ’s bill allows NIST to expand its fundamental and applied cybersecurity research to ad-dress key questions relating to privacy, security, and vulnerability of software tools and communications networks. It expands the research infrastruc-ture and scientific staff needed to de-velop the Institute’s capabilities in ar-tificial intelligence and data science, including rigorous scientific testing to support the development of trust-worthy AI systems. It further directs NIST to expand its composites research and standards de-velopment to facilitate the adoption of composite technology in American in-frastructure. Finally, the legislation encourages NIST to continue to examine the Inter-net of Things and address measurement and security challenges created by the convergence of digital technologies with the physical world. By supporting this bill, Congress en-sures continued U.S. innovation leader-ship in quantum science, artificial in-telligence, big data science, cybersecu-rity, the Internet of Things, and resil-ient infrastructure. We can thank Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK  for her work on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6229 and the critical work done by NIST. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. LESKO ). Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6229, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Reauthorization Act of 2018. As a cosponsor of this legislation, I understand the importance of posi-tioning the United States as a strong leader in scientific research and devel-opment. This bill supports basic quan-tum information science research and standards development, and provides funds to address fundamental research gaps, create a stronger workforce pipe-line, and allow the United States to take the lead in developing global quantum standards and measures. This bill also supports developments in our national security. As cybersecu-rity threats from across the globe in-crease, it is important the Federal Government have the guidelines in place to defend against potential cyber attacks and protect our sensitive infor-mation against foreign adversaries. The bill also provides for the Insti-tute to expand its fundamental and ap-plied cybersecurity research to address key questions relating to measurement of privacy, security, and vulnerability of software tools and communications networks. I want to thank Representative C
OM-
STOCK for introducing this legislation to push the United States forward, and for Chairman S
MITH’s leadership in ad-vancing the scientific position of the United States. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, NIST’s expertise across many fields is critical to our economy, our research enterprise, and our manu-facturing sector. This bill puts NIST in a strong position to carry out its work through the end of fiscal 2019. I want to particularly highlight the strong support for the Hollings Manu-facturing Extension Partnership and the Manufacturing USA programs, which receive a robust authorization under the Industrial Technology Serv-ices account, and I want to thank my majority colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for working with me to match the agency request for fiscal year 2019. I have a strong relationship with Manufacturing USA’s Digital Manufac-turing and Design Innovation Institute located in Chicago, just outside my dis-trict. Through partnerships with uni-versities, manufacturers, nonprofits, and government entities, they work to develop the technology-enabled manu-facturing tools industry needs, pilot them on the factory floor, and train the manufacturing workforce. The digital manufacturing hub is just 1 of 14 Manufacturing USA institutes across the country, each with its own technology focus. Together, they are working to ensure that we have a com-petitive manufacturing sector in the U.S. into the future. Manufacturing USA and the Manu-facturing Extension Partnership play a key role in keeping our economy strong and creating the jobs of tomor-row. Beyond manufacturing, I also want to highlight the critical position pay authority this bill gives NIST to hire talented cybersecurity and quantum information science professionals. b2200 It is often difficult for Federal agen-cies to attract top-level talent in these fields, because the Federal pay scale cannot compete with the private sec-tor. This bill grants a limited exemption to the Federal pay scale to ensure that NIST will have access to the right peo-ple to lead the Nation and the world in cybersecurity and quantum informa-tion science. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-woman COMSTOCK again for introducing this bill. I want to urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you again for the opportunity to speak on this important piece of legislation and to thank my colleagues and Ranking Member L
IPINSKI for their support. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6229, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY VET-ERANS’ HEALTH INITIATIVE ACT Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6398) to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6398 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.152 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8869 September 25, 2018 
(1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 3. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are to advance Department of Energy expertise in artificial intelligence and high performance com-puting in order to improve health outcomes for veteran populations by— (1) supporting basic research through the application of artificial intelligence, high performance computing, modeling and sim-ulation, machine learning, and large scale data analytics to identify and solve out-come-defined challenges in the health sciences; (2) maximizing the impact of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs’ health and genomics data housed at the National Lab-oratories, as well as data from other sources, on science, innovation, and health care out-comes through the use and advancement of artificial intelligence and high-performance computing capabilities of the Department of Energy; (3) promoting collaborative research through the establishment of partnerships to improve data sharing between Federal agen-cies, National Laboratories, institutions of higher education, and nonprofit institutions; (4) establishing multiple scientific com-puting user facilities to house and provision available data to foster transformational outcomes; and (5) driving the development of technology to improve artificial intelligence, high per-formance computing, and networking rel-evant to mission applications of the Depart-ment of Energy, including modeling, simula-tion, machine learning, and advanced data analytics. 
SEC. 4. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY VETERANS HEALTH RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and carry out a research program in artificial intelligence and high performance computing, focused on the development of tools to solve big data challenges associated with veteran’s healthcare, and to support the efforts of the Department of Veterans Affairs to identify potential health risks and chal-lenges utilizing data on long term healthcare, health risks, and genomic data collected from veteran populations. The Sec-retary shall carry out this program through a competitive, merit-reviewed process, and consider applications from National Labora-tories, institutions of higher education, multi-institutional collaborations, and other appropriate entities. (b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program established under subsection (a), the Secretary may— (1) conduct basic research in modeling and simulation, machine learning, large scale data analytics, and predictive analysis in order to develop novel or optimized algo-rithms for prediction of disease treatment and recovery; (2) develop methods to accommodate large data sets with variable quality and scale, and to provide insight and models for com-plex systems; (3) develop new approaches and maximize the use of algorithms developed through ar-tificial intelligence, machine learning, data analytics, natural language processing, mod-eling and simulation, and develop new algo-rithms suitable for high performance com-puting systems and large biomedical data sets; (4) advance existing and construct new data enclaves capable of securely storing data sets provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, Department of Defense, and other sources; and (5) promote collaboration and data sharing between National Laboratories, research en-tities, and user facilities of the Department by providing the necessary access and secure data transfer capabilities. (c) COORDINATION .—In carrying out the pro-gram required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary is authorized to— (1) enter into memoranda of understanding in order to carry out reimbursable agree-ments with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs and other entities in order to maximize the effectiveness of Department of Energy research and development to improve vet-erans’ healthcare; (2) consult with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and other Federal agencies as appropriate; and (3) ensure that data storage meets all pri-vacy and security requirements established by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and that access to data is provided in accordance with relevant Department of Veterans Af-fairs data access policies, including informed consent. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, a report detailing the effectiveness of— (1) the interagency coordination between each Federal agency involved in the research program carried out under this section; (2) collaborative research achievements of the program; and (3) potential opportunities to expand the technical capabilities of the Department. (e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall devote $27,000,000 to carry out the activities authorized under this section during fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for medical and prosthetic research. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appro-priated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, DATA ANA-LYTICS, AND COMPUTATIONAL RE-SEARCH PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot program to develop tools for big data analytics by utilizing data sets gen-erated by Federal agencies, institutions of higher education, nonprofit research organi-zations, and industry in order to advance ar-tificial intelligence technologies to solve complex, big data challenges. The Secretary shall carry out this program through a com-petitive, merit-reviewed process, and con-sider applications from National Labora-tories, institutions of higher education, multi-institutional collaborations, and other appropriate entities. (b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the pilot program established under sub-section (a), the Secretary may— (1) establish a cross-cutting research ini-tiative to prevent duplication and coordinate research efforts in artificial intelligence and data analytics across the Department; (2) conduct basic research in modeling and simulation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, large scale data analytics, natural language processing, and predictive analysis in order to develop novel or optimized pre-dictive algorithms suitable for high perform-ance computing systems and large bio-medical data sets; (3) develop multivariate optimization mod-els to accommodate large data sets with variable quality and scale in order to vis-ualize complex systems; (4) establish multiple scientific computing user facilities to serve as data enclaves capa-ble of securely storing data sets created by Federal agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation, nonprofit organizations, or industry at National Laboratories; and (5) promote collaboration and data sharing between National Laboratories, research en-tities, and user facilities of the Department by providing the necessary access and secure data transfer capabilities. (c) REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report evaluating the effectiveness of the pilot program under subsection (a), including basic research discoveries achieved in the course of the program and potential opportu-nities to expand the technical capabilities of the Department through the development of artificial intelligence and data analytics technologies. (d) F
UNDING .—For purposes of carrying out this section, the Secretary of Energy shall devote $52,000,000 to carry out this section, which shall include $26,000,000 for each fiscal years 2019 and 2020, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appro-priated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 6398, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 6398, the Department of En-ergy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act. This legislation authorizes the De-partment of Energy, DOE, to conduct collaborative research with the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, the VA, in order to solve complex, big data chal-lenges in order to improve veterans’ healthcare and basic research in ad-vanced computing and data analytics. The VA hosts one of the world’s larg-est and most valuable health datasets. Through its voluntary data collection program entitled the Million Veterans Program, MVP, the VA has collected detailed health information and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.116 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8870 September 25, 2018 
genomic data volunteered by over 600,000 veterans. In order to better use this data to provide better healthcare for our vet-erans, the VA needs more advanced computing capabilities, infrastructure, and expertise than it has in-house. As a world leader in high perform-ance computing, DOE is well suited to meet this need. In its national labora-tory system, DOE possesses a unique set of cutting-edge research capabili-ties. It hosts six of the world’s top 10 fast-est supercomputers, including the Summit computer in Oak Ridge Na-tional Laboratory, which is the world’s fastest supercomputer. DOE also funds robust research in computational sciences and data analytics, which can be used to solve a range of complex big data challenges in the physical sciences. The interagency partnership author-ized in my bill combines the VA’s clin-ical and population science expertise with DOE’s big data science in ad-vanced computing expertise in order to solve critical health challenges for our veterans while creating another path forward for the advancement of big data science tools for the American re-searchers. This partnership, called the Million Veterans Program-Computational Health Analytics for Medical Precision to Improve Outcomes Now, or the MVP-CHAMPION program, will use DOE supercomputers to analyze VA health data and look for patterns that will help inform and improve medical treatment for heart disease, traumatic brain injury, and cancer. Ultimately, the goal of this legisla-tion is for the DOE national labora-tories to provide the VA with informa-tion it can use to improve healthcare services for veterans. The bill also requires the Department to establish data storage facilities to securely transmit and store data that the VA provides. This will make cer-tain that privacy and security are maintained for veterans who volunteer for the program. In addition, this legislation estab-lishes a pilot program within DOE to create a cross-cutting research initia-tive in artificial intelligence, data ana-lytics, and computational research. This program will help American sci-entists stay on the cutting-edge as the computing landscape changes and international competition increases, and will promote the development of the computing tools needed to address big data challenges. These tools will both help improve the existing MVP-CHAMPION partner-ship and will advance key DOE mission goals in nuclear security, energy tech-nology, and innovative science re-search. Our veterans should have access to better healthcare services and our sci-entists should remain leaders in ad-vanced computing. The Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act promises to deliver on both fronts. Once again, I would like to thank Chairman S
MITH and the 15 other Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee members who cosponsored this legislation for supporting my bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Space, Science, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 6398, as amended, the ‘‘De-partment of Energy Veterans’ Health Initia-tive Act.’’ As you know, there are provisions in the legislation that fall within the juris-diction of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its jurisdiction. I also re-quest that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any con-ference committee which is named to con-sider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 6398, as amended, and into the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs jurisdictional interest in H.R. 6398, the ‘‘Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act,’’ and your willingness to fore-go consideration of H.R. 6398 by your com-mittee. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 6398, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 6398. As you have re-quested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside con-ferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be con-vened. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6398, the Department of Energy Vet-erans’ Health Initiative Act, and I thank Mr. N
ORMAN for introducing this bill. This bill authorizes the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to address large and com-plex data management challenges asso-ciated with veterans’ healthcare issues. H.R. 6398 also directs the DOE to carry out a 2-year research pilot pro-gram to advance research in artificial intelligence and data analytics for a broad range of applications. These technologies have the poten-tial to significantly improve the effi-ciency of the use and distribution of our Nation’s resources. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the majority and minority members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for working with the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to improve this legislation. Together, I believe we have ensured that this bill will be a positive step toward tackling some of the crit-ical problems that the VA is currently facing in providing our veterans with the care they deserve when they come home. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), the chairman of the En-ergy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6398, the Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act. The DOE and VA national research program, housed within the agencies’ Big Data Science Initiative, is called the Million Veterans Program-Com-putational Health Analytics for Med-ical Precision to Improve Outcomes Now, or MVP-CHAMPION. This initia-tive utilizes DOE’s unique capabilities in big data analytics, artificial intel-ligence, and advanced computing by providing VA researchers access to DOE’s research facilities and scientific expertise while the DOE receives ac-cess to a massive collection of data from the VA. Through the MVP program, VA pa-tients volunteer genomic and healthcare data that is transferred into the secure enclave at Oak Ridge Na-tional Lab. Part of the data includes the deepest levels of DNA sequencing, which allows for high quality genomic research. With such a rich and expansive dataset, the VA MVP program provides an incredible opportunity to use DOE’S next-generation computing capabilities to solve complex healthcare challenges facing our veterans. For the DOE, this application of com-puter science tools could transform basic and early-stage research. DOE’s core mission areas are full of complex, big data challenges like physics, envi-ronmental systems, combustion, and nuclear weapons modeling. DOE is also working to enhance its expertise in biosciences and materials design. Experience working with big datasets and applications in data science, Mr. Speaker, has the potential to improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.156 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8871 September 25, 2018 
computational science methods for any big data problem. With the next gen-eration of supercomputers, including the exascale computing systems DOE is expected to fill by 2021, DOE will be able to tackle even bigger challenges. Mr. Speaker, increasing computing power will expand DOE’s capabilities and improve the quality of computa-tional tools for any big dataset or any complex problem. Ultimately, the goal of MVP-CHAM-PION is for the DOE national labora-tories to provide the VA with useful in-formation to improve healthcare serv-ices for our veterans. The access to the breadth, depth, and complexity of the VA dataset will also advance the next generation of data science tools. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the DOE is the right partner for this important research. I want to encourage my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the gentleman from South Carolina, Congressman R
ALPH NORMAN , for yielding me this time to speak in support of his bill, H.R. 6398, the Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act. I also want to say, I appreciate his serving as vice chairman of the Envi-ronment Subcommittee on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. This important legislation was ap-proved unanimously by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and is cosponsored by 15 members of the committee. H.R. 6398 authorizes the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to address complex chal-lenges in veterans’ healthcare by using advanced computational tools. Currently, DOE and the VA collabo-rate through the MVP-CHAMPION ini-tiative. The VA collects genomic and healthcare data from veterans who have volunteered for the program and then securely transfers it to DOE, where it is stored and analyzed in a se-cure site at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. This partnership and exchange of data benefits both DOE and the VA and provides valuable services to our vet-erans. DOE is the Nation’s largest Federal supporter of basic research in the phys-ical sciences. It funds programs in ap-plied mathematics and computer and computational science. Under this program, authorized by Mr. N
ORMAN ’s bill, VA researchers gain access to DOE’s high performance com-puting research facilities and signifi-cant resources, including DOE’s exten-sive expertise in data analysis and complex modeling. This could help the VA make discov-eries about the causes and warning signs of various diseases. It will also speed up care for veterans’ critical medical needs and help the VA develop more effective treatments in the fu-ture. By giving DOE access to such a large database of information, the VA will help DOE researchers improve their ability to develop next-generation computing systems, algorithms, and models. These are capabilities that are critical to maintaining U.S. science and technology leadership. H.R. 6398 also authorizes a 2-year re-search pilot program to advance basic research in artificial intelligence, data analytics, and computational science. This pilot program supports DOE’s efforts to improve the application of advanced data analysis techniques to big data challenges. Congressman NORMAN ’s DOE Vet-erans’ Health Initiative Act promotes improved healthcare for American servicemen and -women. It facilitates more high-yielding DOE collabora-tions, maximizes resources, and gives other Federal agencies, academia, and industry the opportunity to benefit from the Energy Department’s R&D ex-pertise. We can thank Representatives R
ALPH  N
ORMAN and N EAL DUNN for cham-pioning collaboration and basic re-search to support our veterans and American innovation. b2215 I also want to thank Chairman R
OE of the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee for his help and cooperation in bringing this bill before the House this evening. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will support this bill. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am sure my colleagues on both sides of the aisle agree that supporting technology to improve the lives of our veterans should be a high priority. Unfortunately, many face an uphill battle to overcome the physical and mental toll of war once they re-turn home. Those who sacrificed so much for our country deserve our best efforts to provide them with the latest technologies to improve their quality of life. There are almost 20 million veterans in our Nation today, and just under half are enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system. The health records generated from dec-ades of care provide a trove of informa-tion that may lead to more accurate diagnoses and treatment of certain conditions and diseases. High-performance computing and machine learning can help analyze this massive amount of data to make it more useful for delivering better health outcomes, not only for veterans, but also the general population. The Federal Government has made strategic investments over the years to advance data analytics in data science research and development. We have also invested in supercomputing facili-ties at our national labs, including the Leadership Computing Facility at Ar-gonne National Lab in my district. The programs created by this bill will take advantage of these resources to improve health, deliver a high qual-ity of life, and lower treatment costs while advancing American leadership and artificial intelligence and data analytics. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman SMITH, Representative D UNN, Representative H
IGGINS , Representa-tive L
UCAS , Representative W EBER , Representative K
NIGHT , Representative R
OHRABACHER , Representative H
ULTGREN , Representative B ABIN, Rep-resentative C
OMSTOCK , Representative A
BRAHAM , Representative B IGGS, Rep-resentative M
ARSHALL , Representative L
ESKO , Representative L IPINSKI , Rep-resentative R
OSEN , Representative B
ILIRAKIS , Representative G ALLAGHER , Representative B
ILLJOHNSON , and Rep-resentative W
ALTER JONES for their continued leadership in providing sup-port for our veterans and enabling crit-ical science research. I would also like to thank the stake-holders and researchers who have pro-vided valuable feedback as we develop this legislation. H.R. 6398 supports a program that will encourage innovation in basic science and big data research at DOE, and ensure that we as a Nation are doing everything we can to improve healthcare for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this commonsense legislation and yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today we are considering three good bills from the Science Committee: H.R. 5509, the Innovation in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act; H.R. 6229, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018; and, H.R. 6398, the Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act. I support each of these bills, and look forward to their passage. I want to thank Majority leader M
CCARTHY  for introducing H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. This legislation directs the National Science Foundation to support research to improve STEM degree programs and apprenticeships in partnership with the private sector. H.R. 5509 also supports labor market research to draw upon lessons learned in countries al-ready benefitting from an emphasis on ap-prenticeships and skilled-based learning. This is a good bill that will help to bring the edu-cation and training our students receive more in line with the skills employers value most. This will benefit those preparing to enter an ever-changing job market, employers seeking to innovate and increase production, and our economy as a whole. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill. H.R. 6229, the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.157 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8872 September 25, 2018 
2018, is a two-year, bipartisan reauthorization of programs and activities for the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, or NIST. I am glad to see that this bill increases funding levels for the agency’s laboratory programs and funds research and standards facilitation for important issues such as advanced com-munications, cybersecurity and privacy, inter-net of things, quantum information science, ar-tificial intelligence research, and infrastructure resilience. I am glad to support this bill today, and furthermore, urge my colleagues to sup-port increased funding in the future for crucial laboratory infrastructure enhancements on the NIST campuses. H.R. 6398, The Department of Energy Vet-erans’ Health Initiative Act, authorizes the De-partment of Energy (DOE) to conduct collabo-rative research with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) in order to address com-plex, large data management challenges asso-ciated with veterans’ health care issues. Spe-cifically, it aims to leverage DOE’s expertise in high performance computing in order to ana-lyze VA-provided health and genomics data. This bill also directs DOE to carry out a two- year research pilot program to advance re-search in artificial intelligence and data ana-lytics for a broad range of potential applica-tions. It provides the Secretary with the au-thority to establish user facilities capable of securely storing large data sets created by Federal agencies, academic institutions, or in-dustry at DOE National Laboratories. I appre-ciate the need to utilize the entire resource base of the Federal government to address the needs of our veterans’ health care. This bill provides an important tool to try and make our veterans lives better, and I strongly sup-port the bill’s passage. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6398, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, from the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–978) on the resolution (H. Res. 1017) of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Representa-tives copies of all documents, records, communications, transcripts, sum-maries, notes, memoranda, and read- aheads in their possession referring or relating to certain communications be-tween President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. HIZBALLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCING PREVENTION AMEND-MENTS ACT OF 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1595) to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1595 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Amendments Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY HIZBALLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS Sec. 101. Mandatory sanctions with respect to fundraising and recruitment activities for Hizballah. Sec. 102. Modification of report with respect to financial institutions that engage in certain transactions. Sec. 103. Sanctions against certain agencies and instrumentalities of foreign states. Sec. 104. Diplomatic initiatives to prevent hostile activities by Iran and disrupt and degrade Hizballah’s illicit networks. TITLE II—NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVI-TIES OF HIZBALLAH Sec. 201. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to affiliated networks of Hizballah for transnational criminal activities. Sec. 202. Report on racketeering activities engaged in by Hizballah. Sec. 203. Modification of report on activities of foreign governments to dis-rupt activities of Hizballah; re-ports on membership in Hizballah. TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Regulatory authority. Sec. 302. Implementation; penalties; judicial review; exemptions; rule of con-struction; exception relating to importation of goods. Sec. 303. Report consolidation and modifica-tion. TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY HIZBALLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FINAN-CIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
SEC. 101. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FUNDRAISING AND RE-CRUITMENT ACTIVITIES FOR HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 101. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FUNDRAISING AND RE-CRUITMENT ACTIVITIES FOR HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, on or after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with re-spect to any foreign person that the Presi-dent determines knowingly provides signifi-cant financial, material, or technological support for or to— ‘‘(1) Bayt al-Mal, Jihad al-Bina, the Is-lamic Resistance Support Association, the Foreign Relations Department of Hizballah, the External Security Organization of Hizballah, or any successor or affiliate there-of as designated by the President; ‘‘(2) al-Manar TV, al Nour Radio, or the Lebanese Media Group, or any successor or affiliate thereof as designated by the Presi-dent; ‘‘(3) a foreign person determined by the President to be engaged in fundraising or re-cruitment activities for Hizballah; or ‘‘(4) a foreign person owned or controlled by a person described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). ‘‘(b) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of a foreign person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS -
SION, OR PAROLE .— ‘‘(A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security (or designee of one of such Secretaries) determines is sub-ject to subsection (a) is— ‘‘(i) inadmissible to the United States; ‘‘(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and ‘‘(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). ‘‘(B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or designee of one of such Secretaries) shall re-voke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who the President deter-mines is subject to subsection (a), regardless of when issued. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i) shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of the alien. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the im-position of sanctions under this section if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after the issuance of a waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to a foreign person, and every 180 days thereafter while the waiver remains in effect, the President shall brief the appro-priate congressional committees on the sta-tus of the involvement of the foreign person in activities described in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘admit-ted’ and ‘alien’ have meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.117 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8873 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ‘‘(3) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means a partnership, association, corporation, or other organization, group, or subgroup. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means any person that is not a United States person. ‘‘(5) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e). ‘‘(6) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an individual or entity. ‘‘(7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ means a United States citizen, an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, an entity organized under the laws of the United States (includ-ing foreign branches), or a person in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by striking the item relating to section 101 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 101. Mandatory sanctions with respect to fundraising and recruitment activities for Hizballah.’’. 
SEC. 102. MODIFICATION OF REPORT WITH RE-SPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Section 102(d) of the Hizballah Inter-national Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) R
EPORT ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  O
RGANIZED UNDER THE LAWS OF STATE SPON-
SORS OF TERRORISM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter for a period not to exceed 4 years, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(A) identifies each foreign financial insti-tution described in paragraph (2) that the President determines engages in one or more activities described in subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(B) provides a detailed description of each such activity. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION DE -
SCRIBED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A foreign financial in-stitution described in this paragraph is a for-eign financial institution— ‘‘(i) that, wherever located, is— ‘‘(I) organized under the laws of a state sponsor of terrorism or any jurisdiction within a state sponsor of terrorism; ‘‘(II) owned or controlled by the govern-ment of a state sponsor of terrorism; ‘‘(III) located in the territory of a state sponsor of terrorism; or ‘‘(IV) owned or controlled by a foreign fi-nancial institution described in subclause (I), (II), or (III); and ‘‘(ii) the capitalization of which exceeds $10,000,000. ‘‘(B) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘state sponsor of terrorism’ means a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined is a government that has re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— ‘‘(i) section 1754(c) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018; ‘‘(ii) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371); ‘‘(iii) section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780); or ‘‘(iv) any other provision of law.’’. SEC. 103. SANCTIONS AGAINST CERTAIN AGEN-CIES AND INSTRUMENTALITIES OF FOREIGN STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 103. SANCTIONS AGAINST CERTAIN AGEN-CIES AND INSTRUMENTALITIES OF FOREIGN STATES. 
‘‘(a) S ANCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, and as appro-priate thereafter, the President shall impose the sanctions described in paragraph (3) with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE DESCRIBED .—An agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state is described in this paragraph if the President determines that the agency or instrumentality has, on or after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, knowingly— ‘‘(A) conducted significant joint combat operations with, or significantly supported combat operations of, Hizballah; or ‘‘(B) provided significant financial support for or to, or significant arms or related ma-teriel to, Hizballah. ‘‘(3) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this paragraph are the exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the im-position of sanctions under this section with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is vital to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after the issuance of a waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, and every 180 days there-after while the waiver remains in effect, the President shall brief the appropriate con-gressional committees on the status of the involvement of the agency or instrumen-tality in activities described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—The President shall not be required to impose sanctions under this section with respect to an agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state if the Sec-retary certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees that— ‘‘(1) the agency or instrumentality— ‘‘(A) is no longer engaging in activities de-scribed in subsection (a)(2); or ‘‘(B) has taken and is continuing to take significant verifiable steps toward termi-nating such activities; and ‘‘(2) the President has received reliable as-surances from the government of the foreign state that the agency or instrumentality will not engage in any activity described in subsection (a)(2) in the future. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE .—The term ‘agency or instrumen-tality of a foreign state’ has the meaning given the term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on the Judici-ary, Committee on Finance, Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ‘‘(3) A
RMS OR RELATED MATERIEL .—The term ‘arms or related materiel’ means— ‘‘(A) nuclear, biological, chemical, or radi-ological weapons or materials or components of such weapons; ‘‘(B) ballistic or cruise missile weapons or materials or components of such weapons; and ‘‘(C) destabilizing numbers and types of ad-vanced conventional weapons. ‘‘(4) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e). ‘‘(5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(d).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 102 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 103. Sanctions against certain agen-cies and instrumentalities of foreign states.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIPLOMATIC INITIATIVES TO PREVENT HOSTILE ACTIVITIES BY IRAN AND DISRUPT AND DEGRADE HIZBALLAH’S ILLICIT NETWORKS. 
(a) D IPLOMATIC ENGAGEMENT .—Title I of the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 129 Stat. 2206; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note), as amended by section 103 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104. DIPLOMATIC INITIATIVES TO PREVENT HOSTILE ACTIVITIES BY IRAN AND DISRUPT AND DEGRADE HIZBALLAH’S ILLICIT NETWORKS. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2018, the President shall instruct the Sec-retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to increase co-operation with foreign governments to assist in strengthening the capacity of such gov-ernments to prevent hostile activity by Iran and disrupt and degrade Hizballah’s illicit activities, including diplomatic engagement that involves— ‘‘(1) efforts to target and expose illicit fi-nance networks, arrest perpetrators, freeze assets, and address Iran and Hizballah’s use of illicit financial networks using inter-national trade and banking systems; ‘‘(2) efforts to assist willing governments with the development of counter-organized crime legislation, the strengthening of finan-cial investigative capacity, and a fully-vet-ted counter-organized crime judicial model in jurisdictions plagued with corruption; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.118 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8874 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(3) efforts to persuade governments to list Hizballah as a terrorist organization.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by inserting after the item related to section 103, as added by section 103(b) of this Act, the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 104. Diplomatic initiatives to prevent hostile activities by Iran and disrupt and degrade Hizballah’s illicit networks.’’. TITLE II—NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
SEC. 201. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO AFFILIATED NETWORKS OF HIZBALLAH FOR TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to determine if individ-uals and entities that are designated by the United States Government on or after the date of the enactment of this Act as being associated with Hizballah are engaged in transnational organized crime or related ac-tivities on or after such date of enactment. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 201 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 201. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO AFFILIATED NETWORKS OF HIZBALLAH FOR TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVI-TIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, on or after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with re-spect to affiliated networks of Hizballah, in-cluding, as appropriate, by reason of signifi-cant transnational criminal activities en-gaged in by such networks. ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are sanctions ap-plicable with respect to Hizballah pursuant to any provision of law, including Executive Order 13581 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of transnational criminal organizations) (as such Executive Order was in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Amendments Act of 2018). ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .—The President may, for peri-ods not to exceed 180 days, waive the imposi-tion of sanctions under this section if the President certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that such waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Appropria-tions, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate. ‘‘(2) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The title heading for title II of the Hizballah Inter-national Financing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE II—SANCTIONS AND REPORTS RE-LATING TO NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH’’. (d) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to title II and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE II—SANCTIONS AND REPORTS RELATING TO NARCOTICS TRAF-FICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVI-TIES OF HIZBALLAH’’; 
AND (2) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to affiliated networks of Hizballah for transnational criminal activities.’’. 
SEC. 202. REPORT ON RACKETEERING ACTIVI-TIES ENGAGED IN BY HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 202. REPORT ON RACKETEERING ACTIVI-TIES ENGAGED IN BY HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on information regarding activities that Hizballah, and agents and affiliates of Hizballah, have en-gaged in that are racketeering activities, in-cluding any patterns regarding such racket-eering activities. ‘‘(b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report re-quired under subsection (a) shall be sub-mitted in an unclassified form but may con-tain a classified annex. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. ‘‘(2) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e). ‘‘(3) R
ACKETEERING ACTIVITY .—The term ‘racketeering activity’ means any activity that would be considered a racketeering ac-tivity (as defined in section 1961(1) of title 18, United States Code) if the activity were en-gaged in the United States or by a United States person. ‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(d).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by striking the item relating to section 202 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 202. Report on racketeering activities engaged in by Hizballah.’’. 
SEC. 203. MODIFICATION OF REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH; REPORTS ON MEMBER-SHIP IN HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Amendments Act of 2018, and once every 2 years thereafter for the following 4 years’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and free-trade zones.’’ and inserting ‘‘free-trade zones, business partnerships and joint ven-tures, and other investments in small and medium-sized enterprises;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a list of jurisdictions outside of Leb-anon that expressly consent to, or with knowledge allow, the use of their territory by Hizballah to carry out terrorist activities, including training, financing, and recruit-ment; ‘‘(G) a description of the total aggregate revenues and remittances that Hizballah re-ceives from the global logistics networks of Hizballah; ‘‘(H) a list of Hizballah’s sources of rev-enue, including sources of revenue based on illicit activity, revenues from Iran, char-ities, and other business activities; ‘‘(I) a list of Hizballah’s expenditures, in-cluding expenditures for ongoing military operations, social networks, and external op-erations; ‘‘(J) a description of steps to be taken by Federal agencies to combat the illicit to-bacco trafficking networks used by Hizballah; ‘‘(K) an assessment of Hizballah’s financial operations in areas under its operational or political control in Lebanon and Syria and available measures to target Hizballah’s fi-nancial operations in those areas; ‘‘(L) a review of Hizballah’s international operational capabilities, including in the United States; ‘‘(M) a review of— ‘‘(i) the total number and value of Hizballah-related assets seized and forfeited; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of indictments, pros-ecutions, and extraditions of Hizballah mem-bers or affiliates; and ‘‘(N) a review of efforts by the United States to prevent hostile activities by Iran and disrupt and degrade Hizballah’s illicit networks in the Western Hemisphere, includ-ing interagency coordination to ensure that information-sharing, interdictions, arrests, investigations, indictments, sanctions, and designations related to Hizballah individuals or networks in the Western Hemisphere are integrated, coordinated, and publicly com-municated by the United States in a manner that supports United States interests.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) ENHANCED DUEDILIGENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is author-ized to require each financial institution in the United States that knowingly maintains a correspondent account or a payable- through account in the United States for a foreign financial institution described in paragraph (2) to establish enhanced due dili-gence policies, procedures, and controls in accordance with section 5318(i)(2)(B) of title 31, United States Code, and regulations to implement such section with respect to such accounts. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION DE -
SCRIBED .—A foreign financial institution de-scribed in this paragraph is a foreign finan-cial institution that the President deter-mines provides significant financial services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.118 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8875 September 25, 2018 
to persons operating in a jurisdiction identi-fied in unclassified form in the list required under subsection (a)(1)(F). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘correspondent account’ and ‘payable- through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘this Act, and every 180 days thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2018, and every 180 days thereafter for the following 4 years,’’; and (B) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and on any requirements for enhanced due diligence prescribed under sub-section (b)’’. (b) R
EPORT ON ESTIMATED NETWORTH OF  S
ENIOR HIZBALLAH MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains— (A) the estimated total net worth of each individual described in paragraph (2); and (B) to the extent feasible, a description of how funds of each individual described in paragraph (2) were acquired, and how such funds have been used or employed. (2) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—The individ-uals described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) The Secretary General of Hizballah. (B) Members of Hizballah’s senior leader-ship or senior associates of Hizballah that the President determines materially assist or support Hizballah. (C) Any other individual that the President determines is a senior foreign political figure of Hizballah. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT ; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— (A) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of the report required under para-graph (1) shall be made available to the pub-lic in precompressed, easily downloadable versions that are made available in all ap-propriate formats. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (B) F
UNDS .—The term ‘‘funds’’ means— (i) cash; (ii) equity; (iii) any other intangible asset the value of which is derived from a contractual claim, including bank deposits, bonds, stocks, a se-curity (as defined in section 2(a) of the Secu-rities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a))), or a secu-rity or an equity security (as those terms are defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))); and (iv) anything else of value that the Sec-retary of the Treasury determines to be ap-propriate. (C) S
ENIOR FOREIGN POLITICAL FIGURE .—The term ‘‘senior foreign political figure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation). (c) R
EPORT ON INDIVIDUALS WHOAREMEM-
BERS OF THE LEBANESE PARLIAMENT AND WHO I
DENTIFY AS MEMBERS OF HIZBALLAH .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains the following: (A) A list of individuals who are members of the Lebanese Parliament and who identify as members of Hizballah. (B) A description of any significant con-duct of individuals on the list required under subparagraph (A) that the President deter-mines may be grounds for designation pursu-ant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be transmitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, prescribe regulations as necessary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 10 days before the prescription of regu-lations under subsection (a), the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees regarding the proposed regula-tions and the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act that the regu-lations are implementing. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 302. IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES; JUDI-CIAL REVIEW; EXEMPTIONS; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION; EXCEPTION RE-LATING TO IMPORTATION OF GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note), as amended by sections 103 and 104 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 105. IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES; JUDI-CIAL REVIEW; EXEMPTIONS; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out sections 101, 102, 103, and 201 of this Act. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a per-son that violates, attempts to violate, con-spires to violate, or causes a violation of reg-ulations prescribed to carry out section 101, 102, 103, or 201 of this Act to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in sub-section (a) of such section 206. ‘‘(c) PROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a finding under section 101, 102, 103, or 201 of this Act, or a prohibi-tion, condition, or penalty imposed as a re-sult of any such finding, is based on classi-fied information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, condition, or penalty, the President may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under section 101, 102, 103, or 201 of this Act, or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such find-ing. ‘‘(d) E
XEMPTIONS .—The following activities shall be exempt from sections 101, 102, 103, and 201 of this Act: ‘‘(1) Any authorized intelligence, law en-forcement, or national security activities of the United States. ‘‘(2) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United States, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or the Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or any other United States international agreement. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in section 101, 102, 103, or 201 of this Act shall be construed to limit the authority of the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or under any other provision of law. ‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION  
OFGOODS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authorities and re-quirements to impose sanctions under this Act shall not include the authority or re-quirement to impose sanctions on the impor-tation of goods. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘good’ means any article, natural or manmade substance, material, supply or manufactured product, including inspection and test equipment, and excluding technical data.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104, as added by section 104(b) of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 105. Implementation; penalties; judi-cial review; exemptions; rule of construction.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 102 of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking para-graphs (3) and (4); (2) by striking subsection (e); and (3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). 
SEC. 303. REPORT CONSOLIDATION AND MODI-FICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any and all reports re-quired to be submitted to Congress under this Act or the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) that are subject to a deadline for submission consisting of the same unit of time may be consolidated into a single report that is submitted to Congress pursuant to such deadline. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Any report that is consolidated into a single report as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.118 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8876 September 25, 2018 
described in subsection (a) shall contain all information required under this Act or the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 in addition to all other ele-ments required by previous law. (c) R
EPORTS MODIFICATION .—The North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 is amended as follows: (1) In section 209(a)(3)(A) (22 U.S.C. 9229(a)(3)(A)), by striking ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter’’ and in-serting ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah Inter-national Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2018, and every 180 days thereafter for 5 years’’. (2) In section 302(a) (22 U.S.C. 9241(a)), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah Inter-national Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2018, and periodically thereafter’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today, we will consider a House-Senate agreement on addi-tional measures targeting Hezbollah, Iran’s leading terrorist proxy, with tough new sanctions that we will im-pose with this bill. Last Congress, the Hizballah Inter-national Financing Prevention Act was signed into law. This legislation threatened to cut off any financial in-stitution that knowingly facilitates significant transactions for Hezbollah from the U.S. financial system. That was a major step in the financial fight against Hezbollah. In the immediate aftermath of the law’s enactment, Hezbollah’s leader gave a public speech blasting U.S. sanc-tions as ‘‘unjust and false accusa-tions.’’ Hezbollah also asserted that it ‘‘does not have any funds in any bank in the world . . . or in Lebanese banks and the central bank and the directors of banks must not panic.’’ Well, if a terrorist organization must publicly state that they are not pan-icking, then they are definitely pan-icking. And Hezbollah was panicking, Mr. Speaker, following the passage of this landmark legislation. Hezbollah reportedly had to cut sala-ries, defer payments to suppliers, and slash money stipends to allied parties. Facing increased financial pressure, Hezbollah has also lashed out most re-cently by bombing a Lebanese bank in an effort to intimidate the board mem-bers into noncompliance. But Hezbollah’s cowardly stance and its scare tactics have not worked. Lebanese banks have gone above and beyond the letter of the new U.S. law to proactively offload Hezbollah-linked bank accounts, forcing Hezbollah to look elsewhere for financial services. Yet, as time has progressed, Hezbollah has found temporary, albeit cumbersome, workarounds. It is time to send Hezbollah into a panic again, and this new legislation that we are considering tonight will do just that. First, the legislation mandates the application of sanctions against agen-cies of foreign states that provide weapons to Hezbollah—namely, Iran. Iran is the principal, external financial backer of Hezbollah, a fact that the leader of Hezbollah has openly admit-ted to for years. It is estimated that Iranian funding to Hezbollah exceeds $700 million per year. This is in addition to a rapid ex-pansion in both the quantity and the quality of weapons provided to Hezbollah by Iran. In May, the Treasury Department imposed sanctions on the governor of the Central Bank of Iran and another senior bank official, accusing them of funneling millions of dollars to Hezbollah. But more can be done, and more must be done. This new legislation takes aim at Hezbollah’s enablers, both inside and outside of Lebanon. It mandates sanc-tions against any person or entity that engages in a transaction with anyone aiding Hezbollah’s fundraising or re-cruitment. This includes Hezbollah’s foreign re-lations department, its television sta-tion, and its companies that maintain Hezbollah’s social media accounts. This legislation also requires the ad-ministration to issue a report laying out the assets of senior Hezbollah members and associates. This should clearly be applicable to Hezbollah’s senior allies in the Lebanese Govern-ment. Hezbollah is constantly expanding and exploiting its extensive criminal networks from narcotics trafficking to human trafficking in order to escape sanctions and attack Western inter-ests. So to address this new threat, this legislation also imposes transnational organized criminal organization sanc-tions on Hezbollah’s criminal net-works, and it requires the administra-tion to report to us in Congress on Hezbollah’s racketeering activities, which can serve as a basis for applying RICO penalties to Hezbollah. In sum, Mr. Speaker, this legislation is an important expansion of our ef-forts to take aim at Hezbollah, to take aim at its enablers, and to take aim at its state sponsor, Iran. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this effort to ensure that the United States continues to have the tools to respond to the threats caused by Hezbollah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning S. 1595, the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amend-ments Act of 2017. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of S. 1595, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to S. 1595 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 1595, the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on S. 1595 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE , I write with re-spect to S. 1595, the ‘‘Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act.’’ As 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.118 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8877 September 25, 2018 
a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within S. 1595 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of S. 1595 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to S. 1595 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 1595, the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on S. 1595 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Let me first thank our chairman on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, E
DROYCE , who has done great work to get this bill to the finish line. I want to especially thank my dear friend and colleague, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , who was so instrumental in crafting this bill and then getting it passed, like so many other things she has done for so many years on the For-eign Affairs Committee. It has just been an honor and a pleasure to work with her, and we are going to miss her. But she has done some great work, and people’s lives will be saved because of the work that I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN  has done, so I want to thank her. I am also grateful to the Members of the other body who have helped push this measure forward. This bill is the product of a good, bipartisan effort aimed at a clear goal to isolate Hezbollah, one of the world’s most dan-gerous terrorist organizations. With hundreds of thousands of rock-ets pointed at Israel and fighters re-turning home, battle-hardened from years fighting alongside the Assad re-gime in Syria, Hezbollah has become more sophisticated and more lethal. Hezbollah, with support from Iran, has served as a lifeline to Assad, allow-ing his regime to butcher the Syrian people. Without Hezbollah’s support, Assad would have been swept out of power years ago. When he was losing, Hezbollah came in. Iran unleashed Hezbollah, and they turned the tide in the war. Birds of a feather flock together, unfortunately, and Hezbollah has also gained from this relationship. The war in Syria bound Hezbollah and Russia together. The result was deeper coordination and training be-tween the two. Russia talks a good game about fighting terrorism, but its partnership with Hezbollah has shown that Moscow is eager to collaborate with a group that has American blood on its hands. Now is the time to choke Hezbollah off from its patrons. This bill would give the administration every tool it needs to confront this dangerous group. With this measure, we build on a 2015 law by imposing sanctions on anyone who knowingly supports Hezbollah’s fundraising and recruitment efforts. As terrorist groups, including Hezbollah, rely more and more on on-line crowd sourcing and social media to spread their message, we need to be one step ahead. This bipartisan legislation also im-poses sanctions on any part of a foreign government that supplies material sup-port or arms to Hezbollah. b2230 That could include Russia and Iran for the training and assistance they provide to Hezbollah in Syria. This measure would also ramp up oversight on the administration’s strategies when it comes to diplomatic engagement to shut off Hezbollah’s networks and safe havens. This legisla-tion is meant to signal to anyone who supports Hezbollah: Your time is up. Let me add a final note about Hezbollah as it concerns Lebanon. I have been a friend of Lebanon for many years. Back in 2003, I wrote the Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sov-ereignty Restoration Act with my friend Congresswoman ILEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN . We pressed Syria to get out of Lebanon and allow Lebanon to se-cure its own independence, free from Syria’s outside influence. Unfortunately, Hezbollah has, so far, endured as a fact of life in Lebanese politics. The Lebanese people deserve better. Hezbollah should stop holding the Lebanese people hostage to its rad-ical agenda. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of our very bipartisan committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, Chairman EDROYCE , as well as Matt Zweig on his staff—he will be embarrassed that I say that—and Ranking Member E
LIOT E
NGEL . I thank Mr. E NGEL for those wonderful words. I am going to miss working with him greatly. We have worked on so many important pieces of legislation together. And Mira Resnick and Edmund Rice on his staff, what a delight they have been. I thank them for their collaboration in developing this critical legislation. I am going to miss working with all of them. I also want to thank Senate Banking Chairman M
IKE CRAPO and Ranking Member S
HERROD BROWN , and John O’Hara and Colin McGinnis of their staff, for their hard work and commit-ment to achieving the strong, sound, bipartisan agreement that we have be-fore us today. Finally, I thank my hometown Sen-ator, Senator R
UBIO, as well as Senator S
HAHEEN , who have taken the lead on this effort on the other side. For 30 years, Mr. Speaker, Hezbollah has remained Iran’s proxy. Iran re-mains Hezbollah’s primary source of fi-nancial support. What a terrible rela-tionship these two have had. This bill builds on our past efforts. It ramps up pressure on this dangerous terrorist group. It sanctions regimes, including Iran and Syria, because they are providing weapons to Hezbollah. It targets Hezbollah’s innovative fund- raising and recruiting efforts, includ-ing its attempt to crowdsource small donations to support its fighters. And it recognizes that Hezbollah is more than a terrorist group; it is also a glob-al criminal organization, an enterprise that profits from drug trafficking, money laundering, and counterfeiting. This bill gives the administration the tools to respond accordingly. We must employ a combination of law enforce-ment, financial, criminal, civil, and regulatory tools to deter, disrupt, and publicly illuminate the global illicit Hezbollah network. And we have to continue to work together to confront this threat. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, Hezbollah is a threat to peace and stability across the Middle East. This group is emerg-ing from the Syrian civil war even more dangerous and determined to spread its hatred and violence. Their tactics have grown more sophisticated, and we need to give the administration every tool we can to crack down on this group. This bill is a strong move in that direction. It is a great example of what we can produce when we work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.119 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8878 September 25, 2018 
across the aisle on national security issues. Let me say, I never hesitate to say how proud I am of the Foreign Affairs Committee and Chairman E
DROYCE  and the leadership of the committee on both sides of the aisle for what we think as being the most bipartisan committee in Congress. It is important when we are talking about foreign pol-icy that America speak with one voice, and it is important when we talk about foreign policy that politics stops at the water’s edge. This bill is a very important bill. It is a great example of what we can produce when we work across the aisle, and I am glad we are getting it across the finish line before we wrap up our work this month. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I echo Mr. E
NGEL ’s remarks that, under the leadership of Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL , our Foreign Affairs Committee is one of the most bipartisan committees of the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1595, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HACK YOUR STATE DEPARTMENT ACT Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5433) to require the Secretary of State to design and establish a Vul-nerability Disclosure Process (VDP) to improve Department of State cyberse-curity and a bug bounty program to identify and report vulnerabilities of internet-facing information technology of the Department of State, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5433 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hack Your State Department Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
UG BOUNTY PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘bug bounty program’’ means a program under which an approved individual, organization, or company is temporarily authorized to identify and report vulnerabilities of inter-net-facing information technology of the De-partment in exchange for compensation. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of State. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 3. DEPARTMENT OF STATE VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall design, establish, and make publicly known a Vulnerability Disclo-sure Process (VDP) to improve Department cybersecurity by— (1) providing security researchers with clear guidelines for— (A) conducting vulnerability discovery ac-tivities directed at Department information technology; and (B) submitting discovered security vulnerabilities to the Department; and (2) creating Department procedures and in-frastructure to receive and fix discovered vulnerabilities. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the VDP pursuant to paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— (1) identify which Department information technology should be included in the process; (2) determine whether the process should differentiate among and specify the types of security vulnerabilities that may be tar-geted; (3) provide a readily available means of re-porting discovered security vulnerabilities and the form in which such vulnerabilities should be reported; (4) identify which Department offices and positions will be responsible for receiving, prioritizing, and addressing security vulner-ability disclosure reports; (5) consult with the Attorney General re-garding how to ensure that approved individ-uals, organizations, and companies that com-ply with the requirements of the process are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and simi-lar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under the process; (6) consult with the relevant offices at the Department of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 Vulnerability Disclo-sure Program, ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’, and subsequent Department of Defense bug boun-ty programs; (7) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding nongovernmental sector representa-tives, about the structure of the process as constructive and to the extent practicable; and (8) award a contract to an entity, as nec-essary, to manage the process and imple-ment the remediation of discovered security vulnerabilities. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the establishment of the VDP under subsection (a) and annually thereafter for the next six years, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the following with respect to the VDP: (1) The number and severity, in accordance with the National Vulnerabilities Database of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, of security vulnerabilities re-ported. (2) The number of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-sult. (3) The current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department of State remediation plans. (4) The average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-mediation of such vulnerabilities. (5) An estimate of the total cost savings of discovering and addressing security vulnerabilities submitted through the VDP. (6) The resources, surge staffing, roles, and responsibilities within the Department used to implement the VDP and complete secu-rity vulnerability remediation. (7) Any other information the Secretary determines relevant. SEC. 4. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUG BOUNTY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a bug bounty pilot program to minimize security vulnerabilities of internet-facing informa-tion technology of the Department. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot program described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) provide compensation for reports of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities within the websites, applica-tions, and other internet-facing information technology of the Department that are ac-cessible to the public; (B) award a contract to an entity, as nec-essary, to manage such pilot program and for executing the remediation of security vulnerabilities identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (A); (C) identify which Department information technology should be included in such pilot program; (D) consult with the Attorney General on how to ensure that approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies that comply with the requirements of such pilot program are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and simi-lar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under such pilot program; (E) consult with the relevant offices at the Department of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’ pilot program and subsequent Department of Defense bug bounty programs; (F) develop a process by which an approved individual, organization, or company can register with the entity referred to in sub-paragraph (B), submit to a background check as determined by the Department, and re-ceive a determination as to eligibility for participation in such pilot program; (G) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding nongovernmental sector representa-tives, about the structure of such pilot pro-gram as constructive and to the extent prac-ticable; and (H) consult with relevant United States Government officials to ensure that such pilot program compliments persistent net-work and vulnerability scans of the Depart-ment of State’s internet-accessible systems, such as the scans conducted pursuant to Binding Operational Directive BOD-15-01. (3) D
URATION .—The pilot program estab-lished under paragraph (1) should be short- term in duration and not last longer than one year. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the bug bounty pilot pro-gram under subsection (a) is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on such pilot program, including information relating to— (1) the number of approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies involved in such pilot program, broken down by the number of approved individuals, organizations, or companies that— (A) registered; (B) were approved; (C) submitted security vulnerabilities; and (D) received compensation; (2) the number and severity, in accordance with the National Vulnerabilities Database of the National Institute of Standards and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.163 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8879 September 25, 2018 
Technology, of security vulnerabilities re-ported as part of such pilot program; (3) the number of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-sult of such pilot program; (4) the current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department remediation plans; (5) the average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-mediation of such vulnerabilities; (6) the types of compensation provided under such pilot program; and (7) the lessons learned from such pilot pro-gram. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, a massive breach of the State Department’s unclassified com-puter network in 2014 exposed grave weaknesses in its information tech-nology systems. And in the years since that attack, problems have continued to mount. The Department’s cybersecurity re-sponse program received a D rating, the lowest of any agency, on its Fed-eral Information Security Management Act report card in 2017. And just this month, the Department revealed that it recently suffered a breach of its un-classified email system, which exposed the personal information of some of its employees. Mr. Speaker, more must be done to ensure cost-effective solutions to the Department’s information technology security challenges. The Hack Your State Department Act, authored by my Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues T
EDLIEUand T
EDYOHO, will help address cybersecu-rity gaps at the Department. This bill will crowdsource solutions and offer a layered approach to information tech-nology security, consistent with the 2017 Report to the President on Federal IT Modernization. This bill achieves this in two ways: First, the bill establishes a vulnera-bility disclosure process to give secu-rity researchers clear guidelines for discovering and reporting cybersecu-rity vulnerabilities. This is considered a best practice in the private sector and, frankly, should be done in all gov-ernment agencies. Second, this bill would establish a bounty pilot program at the Depart-ment to reward ethical hackers for dis-covering and reporting vulnerabilities. Numerous private-sector companies and the Department of Defense have used programs like this to improve their cyber defenses at minimal cost. The Department said that its Hack the Pentagon program ‘‘demonstrated the power of engaging the hacker com-munity to help address cybersecurity challenges of the Department of De-fense.’’ In its first pilot, hackers identified over 130 unique vulnerabilities, exceed-ing the Defense Department’s expecta-tions so much that it announced plans to expand the program to all of its more than 700 websites. Both the vulnerability disclosure process and the bounty pilot program are designed to complement persistent network scans currently done by the Department of Homeland Security and other cybersecurity activities under-taken by the Department of State. As a national security Department, the State Department must do more to secure its networks. The Hack Your State Department Act is a small but important step to bring cost-effective solutions commonly used in the private sector to bear in support of this goal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative LIEUof southern California, a very val-ued member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs, for his hard work on this bill. It is important, Mr. Speaker, that we modernize our agencies across govern-ment to better deal with 21st century challenges. The State Department is under con-stant threat of cyberattacks from for-eign actors bent on stealing our se-crets, disrupting our foreign policy, and undermining our security. Just 8 days ago, it was reported that the State Department’s email system was breached. This time, whoever was behind the attack got ahold of private information about State Department personnel. Who knows what they will get their hands on next time. Mr. L
IEU’s bill will help shore up the State Department against this sort of intrusion. First of all, it requires the Secretary of State to get out ahead of this problem. Instead of waiting for the next attack to happen, this bill would mandate a plan for researchers to ac-tively seek out and report vulnerabili-ties. Secondly, this bill launches a new initiative, a so-called bug bounty pro-gram. This seeks to tap the expertise of everyday Americans by rewarding citi-zens who uncover and report security risks in the Department’s computer system. It will also allow security re-searchers and friendly hackers to find the cracks in the system so that the Department can patch them. This effort is modeled after a very successful program at the Defense De-partment, which got off the ground in 2016. Since then, 1,400 people have reg-istered to participate, and they have found roughly 140 vulnerabilities. Our Federal agencies should learn from one another. It is just common sense to put this tested practice to work at the State Department and elsewhere. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. LIEU. I am glad to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), the author of the bill. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative E
NGEL  for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 5433, the Hack Your State Department Act, that I co- authored with my friend, T
EDYOHOof Florida. Over the years, the State Depart-ment has faced mounting cybersecurity threats from both criminal enterprises and state-sponsored hackers. In 2014, for instance, the Department was infil-trated by Russian hackers and had to temporarily shut down its email sys-tem. Just last week, the State Depart-ment suffered another cybersecurity breach that exposed the personal infor-mation of a number of its employees. As an agency with a critical national security role, we must do more to pro-tect the State Department’s cybersecu-rity. If there is any doubt that diplo-matic cables cannot be sent to Wash-ington securely or if sensitive diplo-matic subjects are revealed, it jeopard-izes the whole operation. As a recovering computer science major, I recognize that there are prov-en tools at our disposal to improve cy-bersecurity that the Department has yet to adopt. One such tool is to enlist the help of America’s top security re-searchers to find weaknesses in our cy-bersecurity. This legislation will bring that tool to the State Department after it has been proven successful in both the private sector, as well as at the Pentagon. My legislation will do two things. The first step of this bill is to establish what is called a vulnerability disclo-sure process, which sets clear rules of the road so that, when people outside the Department discover vulnerabili-ties on Department systems, they can report it in a safe, secure, and legal manner with the confidence that the Department will actually fix the prob-lems. b2245 We cannot afford to allow vulnerabil-ities discovered in the wild remain known to hackers but unknown to the Department. This should be an easy fix. The second step is to actually pay vetted white-hat hackers to find vul-nerabilities. The Department of De-fense proved the success of their bug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.120 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8880 September 25, 2018 
bounty program back in 2016. Over a 24- day period, the Pentagon learned of and fixed over 138 vulnerabilities in its systems. A 2017 report to the President on Fed-eral IT modernization stated: ‘‘Agen-cies must take a layered approach to penetration testing....  A t  a  bare minimum, agencies should establish vulnerability disclosure policies....  Agencies should also identify programs that are appropriate to place under public bug bounty programs such as those run by the Department of De-fense or GSA.’’ Today, with H.R. 5433, the House of Representatives is taking these rec-ommendations to heart and helping to improve cybersecurity at the Depart-ment of State. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Representative Y
OHO for partnering with me on this important legislation. I would like to thank Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , and their staff for moving this bill through our committee. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I continue to reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close. In closing, I want to again thank Mr. L
IEUand Chairman R OYCE . It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that we have been caught flatfooted before a range of new threats, including cyber attacks. Our agencies have not done enough to root out vulnerabilities, and, frankly, Congress hasn’t done enough either to make sure our agencies across the government have the tools they need to tackle these challenges. I hope going forward we will be able to take a comprehensive look at cyber threats and make sure the State De-partment, and all our departments and agencies, are up to the task. For now, this bill is a good step in the right direction. It replicates an ap-proach that has worked well over the last few years. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank my colleagues—T
EDLIEU, a hardworking member of our Foreign Affairs Committee, and T
EDYOHO, chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific—for crafting this bipar-tisan legislation. By unleashing the expertise of patri-otic hackers, this bill will help the State Department identify and patch vulnerabilities on its computer sys-tems. The Hack Your State Department Act takes an innovative approach to improving network security at a De-partment that is in such desperate need of new solutions and improved ca-pabilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5433, the ‘‘Hack Your State Department Act’’. This act would direct the State Department to establish what is known in the cybersecurity community as a ‘bug bounty’ program. Bug bounty programs, also known as Vul-nerability Disclosure Programs, are com-prehensive efforts by an organization to lay out the method by which members of the pub-lic may report any security vulnerabilities to an entity. They also lay out which of their resources are covered by this policy, and how any identi-fied vulnerabilities will be addressed. At a time when the computer networks of our government are under constant attack, and have suffered serious breaches in recent years, we must take action to ensure that the information of our citizens and the ability of federal agencies to carry out their duties are resilient. As a long-time advocate of a government that works efficiently for the people, it is clear that current information security practices of federal agencies, including the State Depart-ment, must evolve to keep pace with improved standards and policies. Without an honest effort to seek awareness of the security of the State Department net-work, users, and devices, we will continue to be increasingly vulnerable. To that end, H.R. 5433 recognizes the im-portance of a dynamic approach that will help secure federal networks and data, beginning with the State Department, as well as provide improved information on vulnerabilities and se-curity practices across the various agencies. Without codifying this concrete measure to improve awareness of federal network security at the State Department, this important agency will remain vulnerable. We have seen an unfortunate loss of cyber-security talent at the State Department this year. Further, even despite this, the White House has eliminated the position of Cybersecurity Coordinator from the National Security Coun-cil. This occurred even after Federal Risk De-termination Reports found that communication of threat information within agencies is also in-consistent, with only 59 percent of agencies reporting a capability to share threat informa-tion to all employees within an enterprise so they have the knowledge necessary to block attacks. Federal agencies are not taking advantage of all available information such as threat intel-ligence, incident data, and network traffic flow to improve situational awareness regarding systems at risk and to prioritize investments. For this reason, earlier this Congress, I in-troduced H.R. 3202, the ‘‘Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act’’, which was passed by the full House and is now in the Senate. H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with infor-mation on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and proce-dures were used to disclose details on identi-fied weaknesses in computing systems that or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stake-holders. I would also like to recognize the University of Houston, which has been recognized by the Department of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Security Agency as a Center of Aca-demic Excellence for the programs in cyberse-curity and cyber defense. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 5433, the ‘‘Hack Your State Department Act’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5433, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING WENDY GRANT (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Wendy Grant was a south Florida phi-lanthropist who dedicated her all-too- brief life to serving others. Hers was a legacy of service to our community. She was also a well-respected aide to both Senator Connie Mack when he served here in D.C. and our Governor of Florida, Jeb Bush. Here is a picture of lovely Wendy Grant. It says: A life lived for the greater good. That was Wendy Grant. Wendy was also a zealous advocate for children through her work with the St. Jude Children’s Hospital, and she raised funds for its noble mission year after year. Anyone who knew Wendy loved Wendy. She was famous for her birth-day emails recognizing each of her friend’s birthdays and updating us all on everyone’s lives. Remedios Diaz-Oliver, Lilliam Machado, and I were about to bestow upon Wendy the title of Honorary Cuban American, because she loved our history and our traditions. We will present the certificate when we honor her life next week at her church for her service. Wendy Grant was a south Florida person to the hilt. She was warm; she was caring; and she was loyal. We will all miss Wendy Grant dearly. Godspeed, my friend. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR DEPUTY ROBERT KUNZE (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and service of Sedgwick County Sheriff’s Deputy Rob-ert Kunze III. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.167 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8881 September 25, 2018 
On September 16, Deputy Kunze re-sponded to a suspicious character call in a rural area of Sedgwick County. When he arrived, the suspect opened fire, and Deputy Kunze was shot in the neck. The suspect could have fled or killed two witnesses standing close by. But in one final heroic act, before collapsing, Deputy Kunze returned fire, killing the suspect on the spot. The suspect was a convicted felon who had stolen two ve-hicles and the weapon he was carrying. By killing the suspect, Deputy Kunze ended a violent crime spree and gave up his life to save others. Described as a jokester with a con-tagious laugh, Deputy Kunze leaves be-hind his wife, Kathleen, and their young daughter, Alyssa. At his funeral on Friday, Alyssa addressed the crowd with the words that rang across Kan-sas, saying: ‘‘My dad was a hero. . . . He protected everyone.’’ Today, we continue to pray for Dep-uty Kunze’s family, as well as Sheriff Jeff Easter and the Sedgwick County Sheriff’s Office. At this time, I ask our colleagues to join in a moment of silence to honor Deputy Robert Kunze. 
f 
COMMANDER DOYLE LYNN (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary ef-forts of Bob Weismantle and the Viet-nam Veterans of America Chapter 862 Honor Guard in their remembrance of Commander Doyle Lynn of Hopewell Township, Pennsylvania. Commander Lynn served our country as a U.S. Navy pilot. On May 27, 1965, while flying a combat mission in Viet-nam, Commander Lynn’s plane was shot down by the enemy. Following this tragedy, Commander Lynn was deemed missing in action. Fifty-three years later, Bob Weismantle and fellow Vietnam vet-erans requested that Hopewell Town-ship in Beaver County install a street sign to commemorate their missing comrade. Today, this honor was rightfully be-stowed. The Commander Doyle Lynn street sign is proudly mounted on West Wade Street. The care and dedication shown by Bob and the Vietnam Veterans of America Chapter 862 for their missing brother-in-arms speaks volumes to their character and the loyalty that our veterans have for one another. Mr. Speaker, I thank all our veterans for their selfless sacrifice defending our country. May God bless Commander Doyle Lynn. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. ROKITA (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the afternoon of Sep-tember 26 and September 28 on account of personal reasons. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly an enrolled bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 698. An Act to require a land convey-ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6306. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a re-port of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appro-priations. 6307. A letter from the Doctrine Analyst, U.S. Army School of Music, JBLC-FS, De-partment of the Army, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Competition With Civilian Bands [Docket ID: USA-2017-HQ-0010] (RIN: 0702- AA83) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6308. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; New Jersey: Brigantine, City of, Atlantic County [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8543] received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6309. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-cialist, LRA, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s joint interim final rules — Expanded Examination Cycle for Certain Small Insured Depository Insti-tutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks [Docket ID: OCC-2018-0014] (RIN: 1557-AE37) received September 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 6310. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the NURSE Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Pro-grams Report to Congress for FY 2017, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 297n(h); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 846(h) (as amended by Public Law 107-205, Sec. 103(d)); (116 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6311. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the National Health Service Corps Report to Congress for the Year 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 254i; July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 336A (as amend-ed by Public Law 107-251, Sec. 307(b)); (116 Stat. 1649); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6312. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements (Hurricane Florence), pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1135(d) (as added by Public Law 107- 188, Sec. 143(a)); (116 Stat. 628); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6313. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 2017 Na-tional Healthcare Quality and Disparities Report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 299b-2(b)(2); Public Law 106-129, Sec. 2(a); (113 Stat. 1658); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6314. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s direct final rule — Safety Standard for Auto-matic Residential Garage Door Operators [Docket No.: CPSC-2015-0025] received Sep-tember 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6315. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Integrated Light-Emitting Diode Lamps [EERE-2016-BT-TP-0037] (RIN: 1904-AD74) received September 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6316. A letter from the Deputy Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Human Food [Dock-et No.: FDA-2011-N-0920] received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6317. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94- 412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6318. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Venezuela that was de-clared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6319. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Revisions to the Requirements for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.168 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8882 September 25, 2018 
Submissions of Exclusion Requests and Ob-jections to Submitted Requests for Steel and Aluminum [Docket No.: 180227217-8217-02] (RIN: 0694-AH55) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6320. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Export Administration Reg-ulations Based on the 2017 Missile Tech-nology Control Regime Plenary Agreements [Docket No.: 170906871-7871-01] (RIN: 0694- AH46) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6321. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the text of the ILO Recommendation concerning ‘‘Employment and Decent Work for Peace and Resilience’’ (No. 205), adopted June 16, 2017, by the 106th Session of the International Labor Con-ference in Geneva, Switzerland; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6322. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Country Reports on Terrorism 2017, pursuant to Sec. 140 of the Foreign Relations Author-ization Act for FY 1988 and 1989, as amended (22 U.S.C. 2656f); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6323. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting two notifications of designation of act-ing officer, and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6324. A letter from the Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Commercial and Inherently Governmental Activities Inventory for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6325. A letter from the Acting Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the final map and perimeter boundary description for the Black Butte Wild and Scenic River, in Cali-fornia, added to the National Wild and Sce-nic Rivers System by Public Law 109-362, Oc-tober 17, 2006, pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 1274(b); Public Law 90-542, Sec. 3(b) (as amended by Public Law 100-534, Sec. 501); (102 Stat. 2708); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6326. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary — Water and Science, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park System, Pea Ridge Na-tional Military Park; Bicycles [Docket ID: NPS-2018-0004; NPS-PERI-25774; PPMWPERIS0 PPMPSPD1Z.YM0000] (RIN: 1024-AE41) received September 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6327. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting a report titled, ‘‘Implementing the BEACH Act of 2000: 2018 Report to Con-gress’’, pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1375a(a); Public Law 106-284, Sec. 7(a); (114 Stat. 876); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6328. A letter from the Director, Policy, Training, and Pricing Division, Office of Pro-curement, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s direct final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Re-moval of Definitions (NFS Case 2018-N017) (RIN: 2700-AE46) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 6329. A letter from the Director, Policy, Training, and Pricing Division, Office of Pro-curement, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s direct final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Re-moval of Reference to the Supplemental Rights in Data Special Works Policy and As-sociated Clause (NFS Case 2018-N016) (RIN: 2700-AE45) received September 18, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 6330. A letter from the Director, Policy, Training, and Pricing Division, Office of Pro-curement, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s direct final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Re-moval of Reference to the Shared Savings Policy and Associated Clause (NFS Case 2018- N008) (RIN: 2700-AE44) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 6331. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coord, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Authority of Health Care Providers To Practice Telehealth (RIN: 2900- AQ06) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6332. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coord, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — VA Acquisition Regula-tion: Contract Cost Principles and Proce-dures; Protests, Disputes and Appeals (RIN: 2900-AQ02) received September 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6333. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — REIT Foreign Income Inclusions (Revenue Procedure 2018-48) received Sep-tember 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6334. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting a report titled, ‘‘Department of Energy Activities Relating to the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to Sec. 316(b) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended; jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Armed Services. 6335. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting a legislative proposal, styled the, ‘‘National Priorities Se-curity Grant Program Act’’; jointly to the Committees on Homeland Security and Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6620. A bill to require the De-partment of Homeland Security to prepare a threat assessment relating to unmanned air-craft systems, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–960, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6735. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability disclosure policy for Depart-ment of Homeland Security internet websites, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–961). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6740. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish Border Tunnel Task Forces, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–962). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6742. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to ensure that ap-propriate officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are equipped with se-cure radios or other two-way communication devices, supported by system interoper-ability, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–963, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. S. 1281. An act to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–964). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 6511. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–965). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 6758. A bill to direct the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consulta-tion with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and pro-vide recommendations to promote the par-ticipation of women and minorities in entre-preneurship activities and the patent sys-tem, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–966). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6599. A bill to modify the application of temporary limited ap-pointment regulations to the National Park Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 967). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6687. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ long-standing intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other pur-poses; with amendments (Rept. 115–968). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6013. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal clos-ing date for duck hunting season and to es-tablish special duck hunting days for youths, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.000 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8883 September 25, 2018 
veterans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–969). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5420. A bill to authorize the acquisition of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National His-toric Site in the State of New York, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–970). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6299. A bill to modify the process of the Secretary of the Interior for examining certain mining claims on Fed-eral lands in Storey County, Nevada, to fa-cilitate certain pinyon-juniper-related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to mod-ify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, to fully imple-ment the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–971, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4809. A bill to in-crease access to agency guidance documents; with an amendment (Rept. 115–972). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5896. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify the authority for pay and work schedules of border patrol agents, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–973). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 6398. A bill to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept, 115–974, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5509. A bill to direct the National Science Founda-tion to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEM- related workforce, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–975). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1077. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to ac-company the bill (H.R. 6157) making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the resolution (H. Res. 1071) recog-nizing that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and di-minishes the voting power of United States citizens; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–976). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 6229. A bill to authorize the programs of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–977). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE of California: Committee on Foreign Affairs. House Resolution 1017. Reso-lution requesting the President, and direct-ing the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Representatives copies of all documents, records, communications, tran-scripts, summaries, notes, memoranda, and read-aheads in their possession referring or relating to certain communications between President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin (Rept. 115–978); adversely. Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6299 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 6398 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6620 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 6742 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. C
OFFMAN ): H.R. 6867. A bill to improve the leasing projects of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 6868. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to secure the rights of visual artists to copyright, to provide for resale royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S UOZZI , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S OTO, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. M ENG, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. C ORREA ): H.R. 6869. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the provision of services and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans who experience domestic violence or sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6870. A bill to rename the Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Agri-culture, House Administration, and the Judi-ciary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. G OSAR ): H.R. 6871. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow for a credit against tax for placing in service qualified broadband property to expand the level of broadband service in a qualified rural census tract; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. F OSTER ): H.R. 6872. A bill to support the capacity of the International Monetary Fund to prevent money laundering and financing of ter-rorism; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S OTO, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Ms. B ASS, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 6873. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the earned in-come tax credit to all taxpayers with de-pendents and to qualifying students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C RIST, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. L
EVIN): H.R. 6874. A bill to require the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce to provide estimates relating to the distribution of aggregate economic growth across specific percentile groups of income; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6875. A bill to reauthorize the Depart-ment of Defense mentor-prote´ge´program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. P A-
NETTA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. L
EE, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.079 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8884 September 25, 2018 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. T
ITUS, and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina): H.R. 6876. A bill to permanently reauthor-ize mandatory funding programs for histori-cally Black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6877. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue a final rule relating to removing the Greater Yellowstone eco-system population of grizzly bears from the Federal list of endangered and threatened wildlife; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 6878. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish criminal penalties for unlawful payments for referrals to recov-ery homes, clinical treatment facilities, and laboratories; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6879. A bill to provide for the adminis-tration and operation of the infrastructure and the public visitation program of Midway Atoll by the private sector at minimal cost to the Federal Government by terminating the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service over the Midway Atoll and vesting such jurisdiction in a Board of Governors of the Midway Atoll, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E VANS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland): H.R. 6880. A bill to treat the Tuesday next after the first Monday in November in the same manner as any legal public holiday for purposes of Federal employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6881. A bill to designate the Jose ´Celso Barbosa Birthplace Home National Historic Landmark; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6882. A bill to designate the Luis Mun˜oz Rivera Home National Historic Land-mark; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6883. A bill to designate the Cabezas de San Juan Lighthouse National Historic Landmark; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6884. A bill to designate the Hacienda Buena Vista National Historic Landmark; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. L
YNCH , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. H ECK): H.R. 6885. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to prohibit import and ex-port of any species listed or proposed to be listed under such Act as a threatened species or endangered species, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 6886. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to modify the requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life, and to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of certain DNA specimen prove-nance assay tests under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself and Mr. F
ASO): H.R. 6887. A bill to improve the removal of lead from drinking water in public housing; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 6888. A bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Intelligence (Permanent Se-lect), Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Finan-cial Services, and Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. G IBBS, Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. G
IANFORTE ): H.R. 6889. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to make changes with respect to water quality cer-tification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6890. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for designation of qualified opportunity zones every 10 years; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 6891. A bill to strengthen and enhance the authority to discipline officers and em-ployees of the Federal Government for vio-lating the Anti-Deficiency Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6892. A bill to streamline require-ments for currency transaction reports and suspicious activity reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. KATKO , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 6893. A bill to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to ex-tend the Secret Service overtime pay excep-tion through 2019, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 6894. A bill to require a report on Saudi Arabia obtaining nuclear fuel enrich-ment capabilities; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. RASKIN: H. Con. Res. 137. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States is committed to ensuring a safe and healthy climate for future genera-tions, and to creating solutions for restoring the climate; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H. Res. 1076. A resolution encouraging the House of Representatives to pass laws to pre-vent gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. K
EATING ): H. Res. 1078. A resolution recognizing the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice on its 50th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 1079. A resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of September as Peace Month and calling on Congress to take action to promote peace; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. W
EBER of Texas): H. Res. 1080. A resolution recognizing the important role of chefs in responding to nat-ural disasters; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P
AYNE ): H. Res. 1081. A resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of the week of Sep-tember 23 through September 29, 2018, as Rail Safety Week in the United States, and sup-porting the goals and ideals of Rail Safety Week to reduce rail-related accidents, fatali-ties, and injuries; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. SOTO introduced a bill (H.R. 6895) to authorize the President to award the Purple Heart to Louis Boria, Jr., for injuries in-curred during World War II and the Korean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.100 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8885 September 25, 2018 
War while a member of the Marine Corps; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6867. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 6868. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6869. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6870. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 6871. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer therof.’’ By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6872. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6873. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: To The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6874. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have the power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6875. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 14 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6876. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6877. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 6878. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6879. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6880. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6881. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6882. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion 
‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6883. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6884. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6885. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rule and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6886. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6887. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H.R. 6888. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 6889. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Section 8—Powers of Congress. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6890. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.101 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8886 September 25, 2018 
Article I Section 8 Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 6891. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6892. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I (Section 8), Clause 3, To Regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with Indian Tribes; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 6893. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States or in any De-partment of Officer thereof. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 6895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 174: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 305: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 502: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 544: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 559: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 592: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 632: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 762: Mr. P
ERRY and Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 817: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 930: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1017: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1044: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. L OF-
GREN . H.R. 1098: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1111: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1171: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 1205: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1243: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1291: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1298: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1300: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 1384: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1409: Mr. R
UTHERFORD and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1439: Mr. C
OOPER and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 1456: Mr. R
USH, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 1515: Mr. CARBAJAL and Mr. C URBELO  of Florida. H.R. 1542: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1602: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1615: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 1651: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1683: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1759: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1818: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1825: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 1898: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1904: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1957: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2077: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2092: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. A DER-
HOLT . H.R. 2119: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2358: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
ERA, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2416: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2434: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2472: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2556: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2587: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. K EN-
NEDY . H.R. 2639: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2640: Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts, Ms. L
EE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 2790: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2913: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 2918: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 3026: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 3113: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3148: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3197: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3222: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3272: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 3307: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 3338: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3349: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3580: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3605: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3671: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 3730: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 3773: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3834: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 3877: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3923: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3931: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4016: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4022: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4086: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4099: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4107: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4206: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4256: Mr. B
ACON and Ms. E STYof Con- necticut. H.R. 4320: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4444: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4518: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4591: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4691: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. R
USH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. R
EICHERT , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 4693: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 4732: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4765: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4846: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 4897: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5011: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 5060: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 5062: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 5115: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 5141: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5160: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5266: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 5270: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5273: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. S HER-
MAN. H.R. 5282: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5306: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 5374: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5509: Mr. B
ALDERSON . H.R. 5533: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B EYER , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5609: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5671: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5701: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 5780: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5833: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5879: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. N EAL, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T HOM-
ASJ. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 5896: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 5924: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 5945: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5962: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6016: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 6018: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 6033: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 6034: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 6048: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 6060: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas. H.R. 6071: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 6079: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
OTO, and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 6080: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 6093: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 6103: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 6114: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. B LUM, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6125: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F
ASO, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 6137: Mr. C
RIST. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.110 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8887 September 25, 2018 
H.R. 6158: Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 6178: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 6220: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 6224: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6229: Mr. B
ALDERSON . H.R. 6249: Mr. L
YNCH and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 6267: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida. H.R. 6340: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 6344: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 6398: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 6410: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6421: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 6471: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 6482: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 6501: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 6540: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6543: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6545: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 6563: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 6566: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 6580: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 6589: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 6609: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 6622: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 6631: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 6636: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 6649: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. H
IMES, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 6651: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6685: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6692: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6708: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 6731: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 6733: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mrs. B ROOKS of In- diana. H.R. 6734: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
TEWART , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 6735: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 6740: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6760: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 6765: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 6768: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 6772: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 6774: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B
OST, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 6793: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B ANKS of Indi- ana, Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana, and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 6795: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. R OSEN , and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 6810: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 6821: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 6838: Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 6840: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 6847: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 6855: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.J. Res. 140: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R USH, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. S OTO, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. H IGGINS  of New York. H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Res. 15: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H. Res. 69: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H. Res. 274: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C ROW-
LEY. H. Res. 342: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 349: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 757: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 776: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. K ENNEDY . H. Res. 792: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puer- to Rico. H. Res. 864: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H. Res. 910: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 993: Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H. Res. 1006: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. M
EEKS . H. Res. 1026: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 1035: Mr. M
CCAULand Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 1056: Mr. C
OSTA and Ms. J UDYCHU of California. H. Res. 1062: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. S UOZZI . H. Res. 1066: Mr. C
RAMER and Mrs. W AGNER . H. Res. 1071: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H. Res. 1073: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M AT-
SUI, and Mr. K ILMER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.095 H25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6283 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2018 No. 158 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable C
INDY H
YDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Pas-tor Sam Steele of Chapel by the Sea from South Padre Island, TX. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Good morning. Christ Jesus sent people out two by two. Let us pray. Eternal God, as our Senators gath-er—two from each State—they break down barriers that divide, create an en-vironment of honest dialogue, and bring about positive compromise so that there is unity in our diversity and so our Nation is steadfast in the foun-dation of the people, by the people, and for the people. Loving God, we lift up to You our brothers and sisters touched by the weather across our land. May we reach out our hands of love and help. Comfort those who suffer, and strengthen those who serve. Creator God, pour Your wisdom upon each Senator. Bless them with humil-ity as they serve, and make us once again ‘‘we the people.’’ In Your Holy Name we pray. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 25, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable C
INDY HYDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH thereupon as-sumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Peter A. Feld-man, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission for the remain-der of the term expiring October 26, 2019. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, in the past week and a half, the Amer-ican people have seen a confusing and chaotic process play out right here in the Senate. They have seen uncorroborated, dec-ades-old allegations of wrongdoing pop up in the press at the last minute, just as Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s confirma-tion process was winding down. They have seen an accuser’s request for privacy disregarded and ordinary standards of fairness completely dis-carded. They have seen a disturbing pattern play out on two separate occasions al-ready. It goes like this: No. 1, our Democratic colleagues on the Judici-ary Committee get wind of or maybe even go looking for a sensitive allega-tion. Second, they decline to share it with the majority, meaning the com-mittee cannot promptly take appro-priate action. Third, they allow the al-legation to leak to the press at the last moment. Fortunately, in stark contrast to this malpractice, the American people have also seen the exemplary manner in which Chairman G
RASSLEY has led the Judiciary Committee throughout the entire process. The chairman has acted swiftly and transparently in pursuit of the truth. He has treated Dr. Ford with kindness and respect. Acknowledging that the irresponsible and irregular manner in which her allegation was brought to light was no fault of hers, the chairman opened a dialogue with Dr. Ford’s counsel. He deferred to her preferences on the timing of her hear-ing and a number of other details. I will quote from a letter the chair-man wrote to Dr. Ford yesterday. Here is what Chairman G
RASSLEY had to say: 
I am committed to fair and respectful treatment of you. . . . [The] hearing on Thursday will allow you to testify and also will allow the nominee to address the allega-tions. . . . Both of you deserve a credible and fair process in a secure and professional set-ting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.000 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6284 September 25, 2018 
That was Chairman G RASSLEY . So we have one side that is handling these sensitive matters with dignity, with professionalism, by the book, and we have another side that chose to sit on allegations and keep them secret until they were leaked to the press— the same side as the Democratic lead-er’s, who had already made up his mind mere hours after Judge Kavanaugh was chosen and said: ‘‘I will oppose him with everything I’ve got.’’ Well, appar-ently so. Look, the American people know that sexual misconduct is gravely seri-ous. They expect this to be treated se-riously and addressed promptly. That is precisely what Chairman G
RASSLEY  has done and is doing. But the Amer-ican people also insist that vague, un-substantiated, and uncorroborated alle-gations of 30-plus-year-old mis-conduct—where all the supposed wit-nesses either totally deny it or can’t confirm it—is nowhere near grounds to nullify someone’s career or destroy their good name. Justice matters. Evi-dence matters. Facts matter. Let’s look at one of the supposed wit-nesses, Ms. Leland Keyser. She is not a friend of Judge Kavanaugh’s. In fact, she says she doesn’t even know him. Rather, she is a longtime friend of Pro-fessor Ford’s. What does Ms. Keyser say about the allegations? Through her lawyer, she says that she ‘‘does not know Mr. Kavanaugh and she has no recollection of ever being at a party where he was present, with, or without, Dr. Ford.’’ In other words, she backs up Judge Kavanaugh’s statement. Look, this is America here we are talking about. We are supposed to up-hold fairness and a presumption of in-nocence. Everyone deserves better than this—not just Judge Kavanaugh; every-one deserves better than this. I was surprised and disappointed by the recent statements on television from some of my Democratic col-leagues, including one statement this weekend that Judge Kavanaugh is not owed the presumption of innocence. One of our Democratic colleagues said Judge Kavanaugh is not owed the pre-sumption of innocence, because they disagree with his judicial philosophy. That is not a standard we want to set in America. No matter how loudly my Demo-cratic colleagues try to say otherwise, we have never been and do not wish to be a society in which a single, uncorroborated allegation—disputed by everyone who supposedly has some knowledge of it—can float out across decades and wield veto power over somebody’s life. Judge Kavanaugh is an immensely bright and qualified nominee. We have heard from legal experts and scholars that he is one of the fairest and most brilliant jurists anywhere in our coun-try. We have heard from hundreds of character witnesses from his high school days to the present who vouch for his character and his integrity. Yet the need for a fair process runs even deeper than Judge Kavanaugh himself. As he wrote in his own letter to Chairman GRASSLEY yesterday, the weaponization of unsubstantiated smears—that is what we have here, the weaponization of unsubstantiated smears—‘‘will dissuade competent and good people of all political persuasions from service.’’ This isn’t what Members want the Senate to be. This isn’t what Ameri-cans want our society to be. So I look forward to hearing from both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh under oath this Thursday morning. I am glad we will be able to hear testimony from both. Then I look forward to an up-or-down vote on this nomination right here on the Senate floor. 
THE WEEK ’S BUSINESS  
Madam President, on an entirely dif-ferent matter, as I noted yesterday, the Senate continues to make progress on critical national priorities. We are re-storing the regular order appropria-tions process; we are securing common-sense reforms to infrastructure policy and the longest authorization of FAA in over 35 years; and, this week, we are confirming more of the President’s well-qualified nominees. Yesterday, the Senate voted to confirm Jackie Wol-cott as the U.S. Representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency and to the United Nations in Vienna. Today, we turn to consider the nomina-tion of Peter A. Feldman to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. I urge each of our colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Mr. Feldman and in continuing to process nominees for vital roles in the executive branch. 
TAX REFORM  
Madam President, on one final mat-ter, for months, we have heard the firsthand accounts of American work-ers and job creators who have felt the immediate impacts of the Republicans’ pro-growth, pro-opportunity agenda. We have heard from working parents who have received raises and special bonuses as a result of once-in-a-genera-tion tax reform. We have heard from small- and medium-sized business own-ers who have been able to make larger investments in their workers, facili-ties, and products, thanks to increased regulatory certainty. With every new job created and every pay raise passed along, we have seen that these stories are not disconnected anecdotes. Rath-er, they are part of larger trends in an American economy that is reaching new heights. For example, here on the floor, I have highlighted small businesses in Mon-tana and the ways they are using tax reform savings to drive their local economies forward—how Stricks Ag has awarded worker bonuses and how Thompson River Lumber has invested in new equipment. Well, earlier this month, Governor Bullock and the Mon-tana Department of Labor released a report that that suggests the State’s economy is showing signs of wide- reaching prosperity. In other words, the stories my colleagues and I have been hearing for months are no fluke. In the last year, Montana’s entre-preneurs founded nearly 3,000 new en-terprises, and according to Governor Bullock, the employment rate is the lowest it has been in over a decade in Montana. Over the past year and a half, this united Republican government has im-plemented a bold, pro-growth agenda to help create the conditions for Mon-tana’s workers and job creators to write this new chapter. The signs we are seeing today are truly remarkable, but they shouldn’t come as a surprise, for the trends we are seeing across the country today are exactly what this united Republican government had in mind when we passed generational tax reform. They are exactly what one of Montana’s Senators had in mind when he voted to deliver it. What a shame that the other Senator joined Senate Democrats in lockstep opposition. These days, the ball is in the Amer-ican people’s court. They will keep taking it and running with it—creating jobs and new prosperity all across our country. Here in Congress, the Repub-licans will keep working hard to help them do it. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, what is the business before the Senate? The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senate is considering the Feldman nomination. Mr. DURBIN. Thank you. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning busi-ness. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, plow through this nomination. That is what the Republican majority leader said over the weekend, that we are going to plow through this nomination of Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court. It doesn’t sound to me like a recipe for fairness, and it certainly doesn’t sound like a recipe for getting to the truth. Plow through. That was what the Re-publican majority leader said the Re-publican majority would do. When this all started, I was surprised when a spokesperson for President Trump—Kellyanne Conway, who is not noted for her moderation—made what I thought was a very moderate and thoughtful statement at the beginning of the consideration of Dr. Ford’s charges. She said that we are neither going to ignore nor insult Dr. Ford. I thought that was a good standard. Un-fortunately, since she has said that, neither the President nor many Repub-lican leaders have lived up to it. I really come to this as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who is trying to think about the gravity of the situation and what is fair. In this situation, we have Dr. Ford’s coming forward. I have thought long and hard and have talked to many of my staffers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.001 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6285 September 25, 2018 
and friends back home about her moti-vation. What in the world does she have to gain by putting herself and her family through this? What is at the end of it for her? I can’t see any positives other than the satisfaction that she is pursuing what she believes to be true. She is ex-posing herself to ridicule, harassment, and attack even by the President of the United States in his tweets. Her family is in danger, and they have had to move out of their home. Her computers have been hacked, and she has had to engage attorneys and get into lengthy negotiations with Republicans in the Senate just for a chance to come and tell her story. This woman had a fam-ily and a life and was well respected by her colleagues and the people in her community. It has been turned upside down. Why? What is in this for Dr. Ford? What is she trying to achieve here? The more I have thought about it, the more I have concluded that she just believes it is so critically important for the American people to hear her story and understand what she believes to be true about this nominee. So I come to this, certainly, with an open mind in terms of her presentation. When I hear the Republican leader come to the floor and talk about her situation, he zigs and zags. In one mo-ment, he sounds like he is sympathetic to Dr. Ford and to what she has been through and calls for fairness. Then, before he catches a breath, he calls her charges an unsubstantiated smear. I would say to my colleague from Kentucky that he can’t have it both ways. He can’t be respectful of Dr. Ford and of the reason she comes to Wash-ington and then dismiss and discredit everything she has said as a smear. He just can’t have it both ways, but he has tried for 2 straight days. He argues that this situation that we face has been carefully choreographed by the Democrats. There is the old cliche by Will Rog-ers: ‘‘I don’t belong to any organized political party—I am a Democrat.’’ It, certainly, applies to this situation be-cause this has been an unusual develop-ment. Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN receives a letter from Dr. Ford through a Member of Congress, A
NNAESHOO . When she re-ceives the letter, it reads at the top ‘‘confidential,’’ that she doesn’t want her identity to be disclosed. Senator F
EINSTEIN told me and oth-ers over and over again that she felt duty bound not to victimize Dr. Ford, who claimed to have been victimized already. She tried to find a way to get to the bottom of this—to establish whether Dr. Ford’s charges were accu-rate. After weeks of trying, she came to the conclusion that she couldn’t do it through the U.S. Senate and through the resources available to her. She spoke to Dr. Ford. She took the charges seriously. She was in commu-nication with her attorneys. She tried her best to find a way to establish the credibility of these charges before mov-ing forward and was always con-strained by Dr. Ford’s admonition: Don’t let my identity become public. That is why it took longer than it should have. Now Senator MCCONNELL has come to the floor for 2 straight days and has somehow suggested that the Democrats leaked this letter to the press. Well, I don’t have any knowledge of that whatsoever. I do know, as far as Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN was concerned, she was scrupulous in making certain that Dr. Ford’s identity was protected as long as she wanted it protected. So I don’t know what he is saying or whether he has information to back up these charges that he has made for 2 straight days on the floor. I take a look at this situation, and I understand where we are today. The bottom line is that Dr. Ford had noth-ing to gain by doing this—nothing— and still has nothing to gain. Yet then there is one overriding fact here that Senator M
CCONNELL continues to ig-nore. Let me take you back in history. Twenty-seven years ago was the Clar-ence Thomas hearing. I was in the House at the time, but I read about it and followed it as most Americans did. On the very day that Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Joe Biden re-ceived the letter from Anita Hill, which charged sexual misconduct against Clarence Thomas, Chairman Biden sent the letter to the President George H.W. Bush White House—to the White House Counsel, C. Boyden Gray. Then on that very day, C. Boyden Gray, the White House Counsel, or-dered the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion to investigate the charges by Anita Hill. There has been a lot of comment on whether that investigation had been adequate or preemptory. There has been a lot more comment on whether the following hearing had been fair, adequate, and not preemptory. Yet the fact is that the instinct of Joe Biden and the instinct of the George H.W. Bush White House was the same: Inves-tigate it. Don’t assume it is true, and don’t assume it is false. Now look at this case. Look at where we are today despite repeated requests to the White House and the Repub-licans for the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation to look into this matter. De-spite repeated requests for them to ask the FBI to do this, they have refused. The Republicans have refused an inves-tigation of the charges by Dr. Ford. Dr. Ford has called for the FBI to inves-tigate her own charges. They have re-fused. If they truly believed that there was no evidence, no witness to back up Dr. Ford’s charges, wouldn’t they, obvi-ously, have called the FBI and said, ‘‘Do your job, and find what you can. We are confident, at the end, that Judge Kavanaugh will be exonerated’’? Yet they have not. Despite all of the calls for fairness over and over again by Senator M
CCONNELL , fairness would dictate a nonpartisan investigative group like the FBI to look into this matter and come to conclusions, what-ever they may be. I listened as Senator MCCONNELL said this morning that justice matters. Evi-dence matters, he said. Facts matter, he said. I might add that an FBI inves-tigation matters, too, because it would get to the bottom of all three of those things. Yet, the White House, the President, Senator M
CCONNELL , and the Republicans have resisted this FBI investigation despite Dr. Ford’s asking for it. As far as the presumption of inno-cence, I listened to Senator M
CCON-
NELL say that someone suggested that Judge Kavanaugh is not entitled to that. I disagree with whoever said that. Both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh are entitled to the presumption of in-nocence. The case has to be proven; the facts have to be shown as best they can. I want to add something else too. I am troubled by what President Trump said over the weekend about Dr. Ford’s charges—the suggestion that it has been so long that her charges are not credible, the suggestion that if they were truly credible, she would have told her parents what had happened that night in the bedroom and that her parents would have reported it to law enforcement, and we could have read the police reports. That is not the real world when it comes to this kind of sexual harass-ment and sexual violence—not at all. It is the reason it took 40 years for altar boys in the Catholic Church to come forward and finally tell their stories. It is the reason many women who have been victims never come forward. It is hard. It is difficult. It is painful. It is divisive. Many of them step away from it and carry those memories for their lifetimes without ever telling anyone. If you want to be fair to Dr. Ford, and if you want to be fair to the vic-tims of sexual violence, harassment, and assault, then you have to acknowl-edge the obvious. This is something no one wishes on any member of their family, friend, or person they have met. In fairness, if it occurs, we should be sensitive to the fact that many don’t want to come forward at all, and some only do it reluctantly much later. I want a fair and open hearing this Thursday when both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh come before us. This is not a smear campaign, as far as I am concerned. Dr. Ford, with nothing to gain, has stepped forward and told her story. She has subjected her family and her name to the kind of publicity no one would wish on their family, and she has done it because she believes the truth is im-portant. By the same token, Judge Kavanaugh is entitled to tell his story, and I hope he will. He will have to explain to this committee why he didn’t call for a Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation effort on his own behalf to establish the facts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.003 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6286 September 25, 2018 
the evidence, and the witnesses, if there were any. He didn’t, and that is a fact. We also know this charge Senator M
CCONNELL made that Senator S CHU-
MER made up his mind on the Kavanaugh nomination early in some respects is true. Senator S
CHUMER an-nounced his position on this nomina-tion early, but if you have been listen-ing to the speeches given by Senator M
CCONNELL on the floor from the start, you certainly know where his vote has been. He says he is looking forward to hearing the testimony on Thursday. Well, clearly, he has made up his mind before he hears that testimony. So to fault Senator S
CHUMER for taking a po-sition on this nomination early, that he is ignoring the obvious—so did Sen-ator M
CCONNELL . At this point, I will say we face an awesome responsibility. A nation di-vided politically, a nation where people have strong feelings on both sides in an effort to find the truth—I don’t know what the legal standard is for this hearing. When it comes to criminal law, we certainly know the matter of probable cause, which leads to inves-tigation and prosecution, and beyond a reasonable doubt to prove the guilt of someone. We know on the civil side there are different standards. No one has quite spelled out what our standard of proof is, but this much I know. No one—not any single American—is enti-tled to a seat on the Supreme Court. They have to come before the Amer-ican people first and certainly the Sen-ate, under the Constitution, and make their case for the advice and consent of the Senate to that nomination. It is a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in the land. The person who fills that seat can make decisions which swing history one way or the other, decisions which affect justice and privacy and fairness in American life. For that reason, all of us—all the Members of the Senate, certainly the Senate Judiciary Committee—have to take it seriously. I am going to take this very seriously, and I hope Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle will. I also will say this. Senator M
CCON-
NELL followed up with his ‘‘plow through this matter’’ comment and told us: We will stay through the week-end, if necessary, to get this done. We have to get it behind us. We have to move on. Where was Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s sense of urgency when the va-cancy was created by the death of Antonin Scalia? For almost a year, Senator M
CCONNELL left that seat va-cant in the hopes that a Republican would be elected President. The idea now of giving a few days to go through the evidence, to go through an inves-tigation, to have a reasonable review of the record of Judge Kavanaugh is now pushed away. This has to be done, it has to be done this weekend, and that is it—why? Why the urgency, Senator M
CCONNELL ? Shouldn’t we value fair-ness over urgency? I ask Senator M
CCONNELL : Set your ‘‘plow’’ aside for a few minutes, would you? Take a look at the Senate, this deliberative body, and make sure that in fairness to both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, we don’t push this through, and we don’t rush to judg-ment. Let us use our opportunity in the Senate and our responsibility in the Senate to treat our constitutional requirement seriously. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, yesterday the Republican leader began his speech with a quote of mine. Let me begin mine with a quote of his. ‘‘We’re going to plow right through it.’’ That is Leader M
CCONNELL : We are going to plow right through it. He was speaking to the Values Voter Summit about serious allegations of sexual mis-conduct by Supreme Court nominee Judge Kavanaugh. ‘‘We’re going to plow right through it.’’ Does that sound like someone who is treating these allegations with respect and fair-ness and evenhandedness? Does it sound like someone who wants to get at the real facts no matter where they fall? Certainly not to me and not to the American people. Then, yesterday, Leader M
CCONNELL  brought the debate to a new low by calling the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh a ‘‘Democratic smear job.’’ Never mind that Leader M
CCONNELL  has no evidence—no evidence whatso-ever—that the recent allegations were contrived by Democrats. They were not. Never mind that Leader M
CCON-
NELL has no evidence—no evidence whatsoever—that the events in ques-tion took place or didn’t take place. It seems likely they did, but he has no evidence one way or the other because he will not even ask for an investiga-tion of it. He then unilaterally declared the ac-counts of multiple women to be ‘‘man-ufactured mud,’’ part of a partisan smear campaign. Let me address these comments directly that these allega-tions are part of a ‘‘Democratic smear job.’’ First, these allegations did not origi-nate with Democrats. These women came forward with principle and cour-age, knowing they would face abuse and lasting personal pain for doing so, but realizing they had an obligation to the country, they did so anyway. Dr. Ford came forward and shared her story voluntarily and on her own initiative. She wasn’t put up by a Dem-ocrat or Republican or anybody else. It came from her heart. The idea that these allegations were cooked up or in-stigated or encouraged by Democrats in Congress is patently absurd and a real insult to the members of the Judi-ciary Committee and the Members of this Chamber. It is against the spirit, if not the letter, of our Senate rules. Addressing the second part of MCCON-
NELL ’s claim, that is even worse. Democrats and Republican are always throwing charges at each other, but the idea that this is a smear job—what-ever you think of the veracity of the allegations, it is shameful—shameful— to doubt the women’s sincerity. To say they are making it up and to discredit their sincere testimony is nothing more than a partisan hit job. For too long, people in positions of power have dismissed accounts made by women before any evidence could be brought forward as politically moti-vated or character assassination. We have come a long way in this country, and we have to be better than that— better than the low standard Senator M
CCONNELL has set. At a minimum, we must respect these women and Judge Kavanaugh by handling these allegations with the se-riousness they deserve. Leader M
CCON-
NELL owes an apology to Dr. Ford for labeling her allegations a ‘‘smear job.’’ Let me repeat that. Leader M
CCONNELL  owes an apology to Dr. Ford for label-ing her allegations a ‘‘smear job,’’ and he should apologize to her imme-diately. It is galling—galling—for the Repub-lican leader, who has done more than maybe anyone else to politicize the Su-preme Court nomination process, to make these trumped-up, hyperbolic charges of partisanship by Democrats. It is a sad habit of Republicans to ac-cuse the other side of doing what they, in fact, are doing. It happens over and over. That seems to be the case here, as Democrats have over and over urged the FBI to help investigate these alle-gations, to get to the bottom of it, to get to the truth, while Republicans block any investigation and plow right through with their nominee. It is simple. If Leader M
CCONNELL  were truly concerned about these alle-gations being swept up in partisanship, he would join us in calling for an FBI background investigation, which can be performed quietly, soberly, quickly, and effectively, without fuss, without muss, and without any circus atmos-phere. That is the way to get this done. The only reason it hasn’t happened is that both the President and Leader M
CCONNELL have blocked it, as well as Senator G
RASSLEY . Don’t they want the truth? They say they do, but their actions belie that because they will not even entertain a background check, which the FBI does over and over, to find out the facts. I think they are afraid of the facts. Why doesn’t Judge Kavanaugh call for an FBI investigation? He went on TV last night and said they are not true. If they are not true, he has noth-ing to fear from an FBI background in-vestigation, and he should want it, no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.005 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6287 September 25, 2018 
matter what Leader M CCONNELL and President Trump say. Why doesn’t he call for it? Is he afraid of the facts? So I challenge you, Leader M
CCON-
NELL . If you are so convinced this is a smear campaign, you will have no problem with an FBI investigation to prove your case. Come to the floor. Come now. Join me in asking the White House to reopen the background check. Let’s get the politics out of it. Let’s root out the facts. Let’s get to the truth—no histrionics, no smearing, no name-calling—as they said in Drag-net, just the facts. Labeling this a partisan smear job demeans not only the Senators in my caucus, who I know are doing every-thing they can to treat these allega-tions with caution and respect for both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, but it demeans many, many women who have come forward of their own volition, knowingly inviting abuse, to share their stories. They share them not be-cause they simply want their stories to be told. They want to prevent it from happening again and again and again in the future. They want to protect their daughters and their granddaughters from this kind of stuff, which, as we have seen in the last year or two, has been all too real, all too frequent. They are doing a noble thing. Then, to slan-der them by calling what Dr. Ford said a smear job is outrageous, demeaning, wrong. Again, Leader M
CCONNELL  should rethink what he said in the heat of the moment and apologize to Dr. Ford. So what is really going on here? Why are Republicans falsely claiming that credible allegations are being made for political reasons? Because their nomi-nee to the Supreme Court, frankly, has a gigantic credibility problem. In his testimony before the Judiciary Committee, Judge Kavanaugh misled the committee on numerous occasions regarding his involvement in some of the ugliest controversies of the Bush administration, including the Bush ad-ministration’s policies on torture, the confirmation of some deeply flawed judges, like William Pryor and Charles Pickering, and his knowledge of the odious theft of Democratic email records by a Republican staff member named Manny Miranda. In all of those, Judge Kavanaugh did not come clean. He did not tell the truth and nothing but the truth, but far, far from it. Judge Kavanaugh was in the thick of all of those things as a top political op-erative in the Bush White House and yet denied any involvement. Here again, with these new allegations brought forward by Dr. Ford and oth-ers, Judge Kavanaugh is again issuing blanket denials, but the question looms: Is he credible? Is he credible? He is opposed to having the FBI in-vestigate, as is the majority leader and as is President Trump. None of them want the facts to come out. They just want to ‘‘plow right through it.’’ If not for the courage of a handful of Repub-lican Senators, we wouldn’t have even had the hearing. Leader MCCONNELL  and Senator G
RASSLEY did not want hearings—even hearings, which they are now saying are fair and right. But a few Republican Senators, to their credit, said: We have to have hearings. At least let’s hear this woman out. I didn’t hear them calling this a smear job, thank God. They said: Let’s get the facts. Again, to repeat, the best way to get the facts is not to just plow through it. It is to have the FBI do what they have always done when new information comes up involving a nominee they may have already checked out: Reopen the background check and check out these new facts. It will not take long. It will be done quietly and in private, and then the Judiciary Committee members, on both sides of the aisle, can learn the same facts, done by an objective observer. That is all the American people want. The American people see what is going on. They are looking at Judge Kavanaugh, and they are finding him less and less credible. That is why his nomination is in deep trouble. Perhaps that is why, in poll after poll, the plu-rality of Americans say Judge Kavanaugh should not be confirmed. Let us get the facts. Let us stop smearing women who have the courage to come forward. Let’s get to the bot-tom of this in a correct, appropriate, and dignified way. That is what the American people want, and that is what we should be doing in a bipartisan way in this Chamber. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
YL). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want-ed to come to the floor and talk for a few minutes about the unfortunate cir-cumstances we find ourselves in as a result of the failure of the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee to submit a letter that she received from—in this case, we now know—Dr. Ford to the background investigators, who are bipartisan, who would have in-vestigated this matter during the nor-mal course of the confirmation process in a way that protected the anonymity and confidentiality of Dr. Ford, as well as the nominee. As the Presiding Officer knows, hav-ing been a longtime member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, fre-quently during the course of a back-ground investigation, we will learn things that Senators will want to ask the nominee about, but some of them are so sensitive and, frankly, some of them involve allegations we just don’t know whether there is any basis to them or not. So they are handled in a particularly careful manner by the background investigators, and they are not generally made available to Mem-bers of the Judiciary Committee staff because they are so sensitive and po-tentially embarrassing. Frankly, we just have to get to the bottom of them, but we want to do so in a way that is respectful of both the person making the accusation as well as the nominee. Unfortunately, none of that happened here because we now know that the ranking member, our friend Senator FEINSTEIN , sat on this letter for some 6 weeks. Then, after the hearing, after all the thousand-plus questions for the record, after being able to examine not only the nominee for 2 days—over a long period of time—having gone through an FBI background investiga-tion, as well as a bipartisan back-ground investigation by the Judiciary Committee staff, this letter comes out in a way that, frankly, puts Dr. Ford in an uncomfortable position but also has consequences in terms of the nominee. Many of us saw last night Judge Kavanaugh talk about the impact of this accusation that he denies ever oc-curring, its impact on his children, on his marriage, and on his reputation. This is not something any of us should welcome or take lightly, especially when there is an alternative, which would have protected Dr. Ford and the nominee and allowed us to get to the bottom of this accusation before it would ever have the potential of be-coming public. I just don’t buy this idea either that if you are a man, you are on one side of this argument when it comes to accu-sations of sexual misconduct, or if you are a woman, you are on the other side. All of us have mothers. We all have fa-thers. Many of us have brothers and sisters. Many of us are fortunate enough to have daughters, as I do. I want to make sure my daughters, my wife, and my sister are treated with the dignity and respect that they are entitled to were they to be so unfortu-nate as to be caught up in a situation where they were a victim of sexual misconduct by a man. Conversely, this idea that just because you are a man, you are presumed to be guilty because somebody makes an accusation with-out presenting any evidence to support that accusation strikes me as being uniquely antithetical to our constitu-tional system and our sense of what is fair play. I will talk about that more in just a second. I am very proud to support the nomi-nee, Brett Kavanaugh, for the U.S. Su-preme Court. I have had the fortune to know him since about 2000. He is an ex-ceptional nominee by all respects. I, along with the majority leader and others, think it is a disservice to him, as well as to our courts, as well as to the Senate and the confirmation proc-ess for us to sit idly by and allow our colleagues across the aisle to blow up the normal process and to denigrate the reputation he has spent a career to build—especially, without solid evi-dence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.007 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6288 September 25, 2018 
Again, we all feel sympathy—we should—for people who claim sexual as-sault. We owe them an opportunity for a fair chance to tell their story and to produce evidence, and we have recourse in our courts of law and elsewhere when those sorts of serious accusations are made. But we also need to consider both sides of the equation. We need to con-sider the impact on the nominee— somebody who served more than 12 years as a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and, before that, worked for the President of the United States in the White House Counsel’s Office. His public service required him to go through not one FBI background check but six FBI background checks, and he passed all of them with flying colors. Never before in any of those six background checks has this accusation been lodged. Not once in his long ca-reer has there been any allegation of improper conduct on the part of Judge Kavanaugh toward women—not once— other than this allegation. As I said, as we think about what a fair process is—and Judge Kavanaugh talked about that last night—we need a fair process. We need not to assume somebody is guilty because an allega-tion has been made. Frankly, in the criminal law context, we wouldn’t want to give the govern-ment that much power to be able to deny us of our liberty, our property, or even our life by just an accusation, without requiring credible evidence to be presented in order to prove it before an impartial jury or judge. This is a constitutional principle—a bedrock constitutional principle—of our form of government. It is very disturbing, and it is dan-gerous to hear some of our colleagues try to turn that principle on its head and say it is up to Judge Kavanaugh to disprove the allegations. He said it never happened. How could he possibly disprove the allegation when he said it never happened? Well, that just shows the extent to which I think we have gotten off track in this confirmation process. We have already heard an awful lot about the judge. By all accounts, he is well quali-fied, according to friends, mentors, law clerks, attorneys, and professors. Ev-erybody who testified about his nomi-nation considered him to be a man of integrity, and I believe that personally to be the fact. So it ought to trouble all of us—not-withstanding this orderly, respectful process by which the Judiciary Com-mittee conducts background investiga-tions, including accusations like the one being made by Dr. Ford—when that emerges at the eleventh hour. It makes no sense in terms of what we know about the nominee. It doesn’t fit the picture. When something is alleged that is so completely out of character for what we do know about the nomi-nee, it ought to strain our credulity. I, unlike some of our colleagues across the aisle, do not believe we should rush to judgment and simply assume the worse. Of course, the other attribute of a fair process would be an impartial judge or somebody who hasn’t already made up their mind. We know that is not the case among our Democratic colleagues. The minority leader said he would do everything in his power to stop the nominee long before this accu-sation came up, and I believe none of the Democrats on the Judiciary Com-mittee would have supported the nomi-nee even before they knew about this allegation. That is not a fair process. They are not a neutral observer or an impartial arbiter of the facts. They are more than happy to embrace thinly sourced allegations—even character assassina-tions—based on shreds of evidence, if you can dignify it by calling it that. But that is not an approach that I think we should support. It is certainly not an approach I can support. I don’t think it is a process anybody in the Senate or any American should sup-port. It is shortsighted. It is narrowly focused and wrong. I once told a friend that when the facts no longer make a difference in an argument, I am going to look for a new line of work. But the facts do matter, and these are the facts. Right now, we have one primary allegation regarding Judge Kavanaugh, and then another one that just popped up in the last day or so that I will talk about in a mo-ment. Americans are all too familiar now with the misconduct that one per-son claims occurred more than 35 years ago. It is really hard to reconstruct things that happened 35 years ago. I think we all know that from our com-mon experience. I wonder if anybody within the sound of my voice could answer me: What were you doing 35 years ago on a given day in a given month at a given time? Could you reconstruct, in your own memory, what you were doing at that time and on that date and where you were and who you were with? We also have to bear in mind that Judge Kavanaugh has said that this al-leged incident, simply, did not happen. He said so under penalty of felony. In other words, if you lie to the FBI or if you lie to Congress during the course of a background investigation or in tes-timony to Congress, that is subject to a criminal penalty. Now, because Dr. Ford didn’t go through the normal background investigation, she has not had to give evidence to the committee or to the Congress under that same penalty of perjury. Judge Kavanaugh has, but she hasn’t. Yet she will have that chance this Thursday. I firmly believe that a fair process means that both the accuser and the accused should be required to provide information to the Congress—to the Senate and to the Judiciary Com-mittee—under the same conditions. In other words, if one witness testifies under oath, then both witnesses should testify under oath. If one witness is subject to a penalty of perjury for lying, then both witnesses should be subject to a penalty in the event of per-jury for lying. That is another at-tribute of the fair process that Judge Kavanaugh talked about last night. We can’t ignore the fact that, so far, no one else has corroborated Dr. Ford’s statements and that she herself con-cedes she told no one about this alleged incident, not even a friend or a family member, until 2012 and, only then, without mentioning Brett Kavanaugh’s name. The Judiciary Committee’s in-vestigators, as you would want and ex-pect, have already been in touch with the four other people who Dr. Ford claimed were involved in this incident, and all four have denied having any knowledge of this event. That is a fact. You can’t ignore it. You shouldn’t ig-nore it. That is something we ought to consider as part of a fair process. Nevertheless, we have really done ev-erything we possibly can. We have ac-ceded to every reasonable demand that has been made by Dr. Ford and her law-yers to give her the opportunity to be heard. We welcome her testimony, and we will listen to her at the hearing that has been scheduled for this Thurs-day. We welcome her participation, but we insist on a fair process—a fair proc-ess to her and a fair process to the nominee—one that allows her and Judge Kavanaugh to testify: to explain, to justify, and to corroborate if they can. Again, one of the hallmarks of a fair process is the presumption of inno-cence. This presumption of guilt, based on an unproven accusation, is un- American. It is absolutely foreign to who we are as a country and the sort of process demanded under our Constitu-tion for people who are accused of seri-ous misconduct. So far, this process has been patently unfair both to Dr. Ford and to Judge Kavanaugh because the ranking mem-ber sat on this letter for 6 weeks and didn’t submit it through the regular background investigation process that would have protected Dr. Ford and her confidentiality while it was being pur-sued. Now, as a result of the way this was handled by the ranking member, her letter, which she requested to re-main confidential, and her complaint, which she requested to remain anony-mous, was leaked to the press, and a media firestorm ensued. I am confident this is not what Dr. Ford wanted when she sent that letter to our ranking member on the Judiciary Committee. It is important that Dr. Ford be given the chance to talk about what she believes happened to her. We are in the middle of an important national conversation about sexual assault and how certain people in positions of power wield their influence to coerce and intimidate women in the work-place and at large. This is a long over-due conversation, but we can’t let the pendulum swing so far as to deny the accused his or her basic rights. The Judiciary Committee, as I said, is no stranger to these sorts of allega-tions as one of our own Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.008 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6289 September 25, 2018 
stepped down during this Congress after he acknowledged his own mis-conduct. Yet, if, as Judge Kavanaugh says, the conduct in question never oc-curred, he shouldn’t be used as some sort of sacrificial lamb on behalf of larger causes and concerns to which he is in no way attached or implicated. That would be unjust. That would be the opposite of fair. It would also es-tablish a terrible precedent for nomi-nees in moving forward. We can’t and we shouldn’t let that happen. I believe Chairman G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has done an extraordinary job under very difficult circumstances. He has been extraordinarily gracious in trying to accommodate Dr. Ford. That is what we all have wanted even after her legal team has ignored offers and deadlines over the course of the last week. I have to be honest, though. Some of the tactics that have been waged so far make me wonder whether Dr. Ford is still in control of her own story and her own circumstances. It makes me wonder whether she is being exploited by a political cause and whether her handlers and some of her supporters truly have her interests at heart. I wonder this particularly given that, after insisting this sensitive matter be treated confidentially, the letter—in the possession of our colleagues on the Democratic side on the Judiciary Com-mittee—was leaked to the media, and Dr. Ford was forced to go forward pub-licly. Remember that the reason our friend, the ranking member from Cali-fornia, said she withheld this allega-tion until the very last minute was to protect Dr. Ford and to respect her re-quest for anonymity. Yet that was then trampled on, ignored, and her wishes betrayed when this letter was leaked to the press. Again, this is a particularly trou-bling matter, but one of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle on the Ju-diciary Committee has gone so far as to suggest that Judge Kavanaugh doesn’t deserve the presumption of in-nocence, that just because a 35-year-old allegation was made, we must presume he is guilty. She said she believes that not because of anything to do with his reputation for honesty or truthfulness or anything about the facts; she said it is because of the way he conducts his judging, the way he approaches cases. This is an extraordinarily disturbing statement, and I think it should be to all of us—this idea that he is denied what is a constitutional right, when an accusation is made of a crime, because of the way he performs his job as a judge, deciding cases. That ought to disturb all of us. I hope our colleagues will approach Thursday’s hearing with more open minds than, apparently, she will. As I mentioned a moment ago, it is true that now there is a second allega-tion that has been reported against Judge Kavanaugh. It stems from the New Yorker article that was published a couple of days ago, but, obviously, it does not hold up to scrutiny. You don’t have to take my word for it. Just ask the New York Times. The New York Times looked into it and conducted dozens of interviews. It tried to find anybody who would corroborate this allegation, and it wouldn’t touch it be-cause it couldn’t get anybody else to say: Yes, that is what happened. One journalist said on the air that Democrats sought out this second woman and essentially convinced her to make an accusation against Judge Kavanaugh. According to the story, no one the accuser knows has corrobo-rated her claim. That is why the New York Times wouldn’t report it. They interviewed several dozen people. They looked really hard. You can imagine how hard those reporters looked to find somebody—anybody—who would cor-roborate this allegation, but they couldn’t find anybody. What they found was that the accuser herself re-portedly told others that she was not sure if the perpetrator was actually Judge Kavanaugh. She told others with whom she was talking about possibly corroborating her accusation that she was not sure it was Judge Kavanaugh. Now this information has been dis-tributed to the press and around the country in a way that really is extraor-dinarily shameful. I don’t say this often, but good for the New York Times. Thanks for upholding a mod-icum of journalistic integrity by not reporting this uncorroborated allega-tion in which the person who was mak-ing the accusation said: I may have the wrong guy. Shame on the New Yorker and others who have published this junk journalism. As he said, Judge Kavanaugh is not going away. Despite the allegations made against him, which he says are false and did not happen, despite the smear campaign on his reputation as a person of integrity, despite the threats made against him and his family, he said he will not be intimidated into withdrawing, and he vowed to defend both his integrity and his good name before the Judiciary Committee this week. As the delay tactics continue to play out and as the news stories continue to pile up, let’s not lose sight as to why Judge Kavanaugh was nominated in the first place—his qualifications and the respect that he enjoys from all of those who have interacted with him professionally and personally. His work has been praised by legal practitioners and scholars alike. He has been unani-mously affirmed by the Supreme Court on numerous occasions. During his grueling week-long confirmation hear-ing, he showed the kind of poise and se-riousness befitting of the high office to which he has been nominated. He field-ed many, many questions from Repub-licans and Democrats, and he re-sponded to all of them truthfully, articulately, and graciously. While it is easy to be distracted by the latest irresponsible, unsubstan-tiated allegation, we need to put that in a larger context. Surely, these alle-gations cannot be viewed in isolation nor can the fact that our colleagues across the aisle previously questioned Amy Coney Barrett for her Catholic faith. Judge Kavanaugh is a practicing Catholic as well. Amy Coney Barrett, who had been nominated for the Sev-enth Circuit, was actually told in the questioning of her Catholic faith that the dogma lived loudly within her, which suggested somehow that because she is a practicing Catholic, she could not be confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. We don’t have religious tests in this country. No matter what your faith or background or absence of faith in a higher being, we should not be attack-ing nominees for their religions or their faiths or their lack of faith. We should be confirming good nominees who can apply the law and the Con-stitution as written. Yet I think it is important to put the Amy Coney Bar-rett questioning and statement in this context, given the background and faith of this nominee. We will try our best to get to the truth this week. We will listen care-fully, but we will remember all of the evidence, and then we will vote on whether to confirm Brett Kavanaugh to the U.S. Supreme Court. Our Democratic colleagues have dragged this out long enough. There will be no more delays, and soon it will be the time to vote. I say to my friends, we will hear from Dr. Ford. We have done our best to accommodate her and to give her a safe place where she can tell her story under oath to mem-bers of the Judiciary Committee who will be voting on this nomination. Likewise, Judge Kavanaugh will be placed under oath and give his testi-mony. Both of them will be subject to the penalties for perjury, which is a routine requirement for everyone giv-ing testimony. We have to remember this has to be a fair process, both to the accused and the accuser. Some of the rhetoric, some of the statements I have heard about the process have been anything other than fair to either one of them, thanks to the fact that this letter was not dis-closed earlier but then dropped into the public view, notwithstanding the reluc-tance of Dr. Ford to have her identity revealed. So we are where we are. We have a job to do. Under the Constitution, it is the Senate’s responsibility to provide advice and consent on nominations to the U.S. Supreme Court, and we are going to do that. We are going to do that after hearing from Dr. Ford and after hearing from Judge Kavanaugh, just as we have heard for days from Judge Kavanaugh and other nominees following an extensive FBI background investigation and investigation by the bipartisan professional staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee. We are going to know everything that can be known about the nominee and about this alleged incident that Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.011 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6290 September 25, 2018 
Kavanaugh said never occurred 35-plus years ago. I can’t tell you where I was on any given day of the week 35 years ago at a certain time of day. That is why our job is so difficult, but we are going to do our very best, in fairness to Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, to try to bring this matter to a fair conclusion. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, America has always been a place of economic promise. Millions of people have come to this country in search of a better life for themselves and an even better life for their children, but in recent years this dream had started to dim. Under the Obama administration, our economy stagnated. Too many Amer-ican families struggled. Worse, some economists were predicting that weak economic growth would be the new nor-mal. Republicans disagree with that as-sessment. We didn’t think the United States was doomed to a future of weak growth and diminished opportunity. We knew American workers and Amer-ican businesses were as driven, cre-ative, and innovative as ever. We also knew they were facing a lot of obsta-cles, including burdensome regulations and an outdated tax code that acted as a drag on economic growth. So instead of giving up on the economy, we de-cided we were going to get the econ-omy going again by removing obstacles to economic growth and job creation. Over the past 21 months, that is ex-actly what we have done. We have re-moved burdensome regulations, and last December we passed a historic and comprehensive reform of our Tax Code. The Tax Code isn’t necessarily the first thing people think of when they think of economic growth, but in ac-tual fact, the Tax Code has a huge ef-fect on our economy. A small business owner facing a huge tax bill is highly unlikely to be able to expand her business or hire a new em-ployee. In fact, if her tax burden is heavy enough, she may not even be able to keep her business open. Simi-larly, a large business is going to find it pretty hard to create jobs or improve benefits for employees if it is strug-gling to stay competitive against for-eign businesses that are paying much less in taxes. Prior to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code was not helping our economy. It was doing the opposite, and so we took action. We lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small and medium-sized busi-nesses, farms, and ranches. We lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which up until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the devel-oped world. We expanded business own-ers’ ability to recover the cost of in-vestments they make in their busi-nesses, which frees up cash they can re-invest in their operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. inter-national tax system into the 21st cen-tury so American businesses are not operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign competitors. Now we are seeing the results. Our economy is thriving. The economy grew at a vigorous 4.2-percent pace in the second quarter of 2018. Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law less than a year ago, 1.7 million jobs have been created. U.S. job open-ings have hit a record high of 6.94 mil-lion. In fact, the number of job open-ings has exceeded the number of unem-ployed for 5 straight months. Think about that. The number of job openings has exceeded the number of people who are looking for jobs for the past 5 months. Wages are rising at the fastest rate since 2009. Middle-class income hit its highest level ever last year—ever—and the poverty rate dropped to its lowest level since 2006. Small business opti-mism shattered its previous record to reach a new high in August. I could go on. So what does this all mean? It means that if you need a job, there are more jobs available and jobs with good bene-fits. It means there are more opportu-nities for workers to advance and build rewarding and secure careers. It means fewer families are having to live pay-check to paycheck and that more fami-lies have money available to plan for the future, such as for their kids’ col-lege or for their retirement. It means small business owners can think about expanding their businesses and hiring new workers instead of wondering how they are going to make ends meet. When the American people elected us to the majority almost 2 years ago, we had one priority, and that was making life better for American families. I am very proud we are succeeding, but we are certainly not stopping here. We are going to continue working to expand opportunity for Americans even fur-ther. We are going to continue to build on the work we have done on other pri-orities, from equipping our military and supporting our veterans to fighting the opioid crisis. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. President, before I close, I want to take a moment to express my pro-found disappointment with my Demo-cratic colleagues. It came as no surprise that Demo-crats were determined to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. It has be-come abundantly clear in this Congress that Democrats consider being nomi-nated by a Republican President dis-qualifies a person from serving on the Supreme Court. It doesn’t matter how mainstream you are, how widely re-spected, or how fair and impartial, if you are nominated by a Republican President, you are out. As I said, it came as no surprise that Democrats were determined to fight Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. The ink on the nomination was scarcely dry before the Democratic leader had announced he was going to ‘‘fight this nomination with everything I’ve got.’’ While I expect the Democrats to fight Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, I ex-pected them to do so honorably. I ex-pected them to make their objections known, to grill Judge Kavanaugh in the hearing, and then to cast their votes against the judge, but that is not what happened. As it became clear that Judge Kavanaugh was headed toward a vote and confirmation, it was leaked that the ranking member on the Senate Ju-diciary Committee had a letter con-taining an unsubstantiated allegation against Judge Kavanaugh regarding an alleged incident when he was in high school. The ranking member had re-ceived this letter at the end of July but chose to sit on it for a month and a half without discussing its existence with Republicans. If the ranking member thought this allegation was credible, she had an ab-solute responsibility to bring it up im-mediately so it could be addressed. Holding it until a politically opportune moment was a betrayal of her obliga-tion as a leader on the committee. On the other hand, if she thought the allegation to be false—which is the only possible justification for her deci-sion to sit on the allegation for 6 weeks—then the subsequent decision by Democrats to exploit the allegation in an attempt to derail Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation is, frankly, despicable. Either way, it is clear that from the beginning, Democrats oper-ated without a shred of real concern for either the individual who made the al-legation against Judge Kavanaugh or for the integrity of the confirmation process. Now, after a fishing expedition by Democrats, the New Yorker has re-ported an accusation from Judge Kavanaugh’s freshman year in college made by a woman who has admitted her memory of the event is hazy and that she can’t be sure Judge Kavanaugh is the individual she has in mind. The New York Times—not what any-one would call a conservative news-paper—declined to publish the allega-tion because it could not find anyone to corroborate the story, despite con-tacting ‘‘several dozen people.’’ Yet Democrats have seized on this hazy, unsubstantiated story—a story so shaky that as I have mentioned, the New York Times refused to even print it—and are using that to call for fur-ther delays in the confirmation proc-ess. That is not a concern for the truth; it is politics, pure and simple; it is at-tacking someone’s character; and it is a serious matter. If you are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.012 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6291 September 25, 2018 
impugn someone’s character, you need to have actual evidence to back it up, not a story that even the accuser her-self has called into question. Is this what Democrats want subse-quent Supreme Court confirmations to look like, a hyperpartisan process in which character attacks don’t have to be backed up with actual evidence, in which innuendo can substitute for in-formation, and where a presumption of guilt is the order of the day, no matter how shaky or unsubstantiated the alle-gations? I will say it again. I am deeply dis-appointed in my Democratic col-leagues. I look forward to hearing from Judge Kavanaugh later this week. 
NOMINATION OF PETER FELDMAN  
Mr. President, I rise today to voice my strong support for the nomination of Peter Feldman to be a Commissioner at the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission. Peter has been an exceptional mem-ber of my staff throughout my time as chairman and ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee. Serving as senior counsel for consumer protec-tion on the committee for over 7 years, Peter has been instrumental in draft-ing and negotiating bipartisan legisla-tion and conducting meaningful over-sight of Federal agencies related to consumer product safety, unfair and deceptive trade practices, and sports policy. Those who have had the privi-lege of working with Peter would at-test to his well-earned reputation for building consensus and forming coali-tions to improve consumer safety. Peter’s work on significant consumer safety legislation began even before his tenure on my staff. As a staffer for former Senator Mike DeWine, for ex-ample, he worked directly on the Vir-ginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safe-ty Act. More recently, on the Senate Commerce Committee, Peter led our work on numerous bipartisan legisla-tive initiatives, including the Con-sumer Review Freedom Act, the Better Online Ticket Sales Act, and the Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act. Peter is very well qualified to serve as a Commissioner on the CPSC and enjoys the support of a wide range of stakeholder groups, including safety advocates who describe him as ‘‘a pro-fessional, thoughtful, and committed public servant.’’ Nevertheless, it is my understanding that some on the other side of the aisle are requiring us to hold multiple votes on his confirma-tion for reasons that have nothing to do with his qualifications. In a nut-shell, Democrats have expressed no ob-jection—no objection—to Peter’s quali-fications to be a CPSC Commissioner. Instead, Democrats object to the fact that, in addition to being nominated to complete the remainder of a term ex-piring next year, President Trump has also nominated him to a full 7-year term on the CPSC. While Peter’s situation is somewhat unique, it is not unprecedented. In fact, in 2005, the Senate confirmed former CPSC Commissioner Nancy Ann Nord to similar successive terms—a remain-der term and a second full term—and the Senate did it by voice vote. What is unprecedented is the level of partisanship that CPSC nominees are facing in the current environment. In fact, since Congress established the CPSC in 1972, there have been only three rollcall votes to confirm CPSC Commissioners. One of those rollcall votes occurred this past May for Com-missioner Dana Baiocco after Demo-crats delayed her confirmation for over 6 months. The other two were in 2014 and in 1976. Put another way, when we finish vot-ing on Peter’s confirmation, we will have doubled in a single year the amount of votes on CPSC Commis-sioners since Congress established the agency in 1972. That is how easy, in the past, it has been to confirm Commis-sioners to this agency. My hope is that we are not yet done confirming CPSC nominees. I am hop-ing that soon the Senate will turn to the nomination of Acting CPSC Chair-man Ann Marie Buerkle. The Com-merce Committee held a hearing on Acting Chairman Buerkle’s confirma-tion almost a year ago; nevertheless, Democrats still haven’t allowed a vote on her confirmation. While she con-tinues to lead the agency in an acting capacity, the CPSC deserves a Senate- confirmed leader, and we are com-mitted to confirming her nomination as soon as possible. Let me be clear. I expect and appre-ciate that more Democrats will likely vote for Peter Feldman’s initial term at the CPSC. I expect that we are going to have Democrats here—many Demo-crats, I hope—who will vote for that initial term. Peter’s history of biparti-sanship, depth of experience, and mas-tery of the critical consumer safety issues before the agency will undoubt-edly benefit the agency greatly and more than merit such support from both sides of the aisle. Peter’s con-firmation will also ensure that the CPSC has its full complement of Com-missioners to execute its important safety mission. Nevertheless, I find it deeply regrettable that a well-qualified nominee like Peter will face objections from some who have expressed no sub-stantive concerns about his qualifica-tions to be a CPSC Commissioner. It is my hope that the Senate will soon return to its tradition of biparti-sanship in the confirmation of nomi-nees to critical independent safety agencies such as the CPSC. I urge my colleagues to support Peter Feldman’s confirmation for both the remainder of the existing term and for the full term to which he has been nominated. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time has ex-pired. RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:36 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time has ex-pired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Feldman nomi-nation? Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 80, nays 19, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 215 Ex.] YEAS—80 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—19 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Durbin Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Menendez Merkley Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Flake 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.014 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6292 September 25, 2018 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019. (Reappointment) Mitch McConnell, Richard C. Shelby, Todd Young, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, David Perdue, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, Jerry Moran, Lamar Alex-ander, John Thune, Tim Scott, John Barrasso, Steve Daines. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019, (Reappointment), shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 216 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Flake 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 49. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Peter A. Feld-man, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019. (Re-appointment) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
ORRIN G . HATCH MUSIC MODERNIZATION ACT  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, this week, the House of Representatives will pass and send to the President the most important copyright reform in decades. The name of the bill, which passed this body by unanimous vote last week, is the Orrin G. Hatch–Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act. As the Senate was considering the bill, my good friend from Tennessee, Senator A
LEXANDER , asked to rename the bill in my honor. I was touched by this kind gesture from my good friend and by the willingness of my colleagues to agree to this suggestion. It wasn’t necessary though. We are also adding to the bill the name of the retiring House Judiciary Committee chairman, B
OBGOODLATTE , in recognition of all he has done to get this bill across the finish line and to improve our Nation’s copyright laws. The Music Modernization Act was years in the making. It was the result of countless hours of hard work and many late nights by staff, stake-holders, and Members of this body. My friend from Tennessee, Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , did an outstanding job last week here on the floor explaining the need for the bill and how it will im-prove the music marketplace. I will provide a brief summary at this time. Our current music licensing laws are badly out of date. Too often, song-writers don’t get paid when their songs get played, and even when they do get paid, they don’t get paid at a fair mar-ket rate. This has made it increasingly difficult for songwriters to make a liv-ing doing what they love and has harmed our entire music industry. Some have even left the field of writing songs. They have given up, and I really lament that. Songwriters are the lifeblood of American music. In order to have a great single or a great album, you first have to have a great song. You need the music. You need the lyrics. And you need them to fit together in a way that makes you feel something, that tugs at your heart and your heartstrings, that makes you feel ex-cited or peaceful or nostalgic. Songwriting is an art. I know this be-cause I have done it myself. I have written dozens of songs over the years, and I even earned a gold and a plat-inum record. I know firsthand how small the royalties are, even when your song is a success. It is time to change that. The Music Modernization Act will do so. The heart of the bill is the creation of a mechanical licensing collective to administer reproduction and distribu-tion rights for digital music. One of the driving forces in recent years of the de-cline in songwriter royalties has been the transition to digital music. This may seem a bit surprising as one might think that the availability of millions of songs at the click of a mouse will lead to more royalties, given that more music than ever before is now available instantaneously. The problem is that these big digital music companies, like Pandora and Spotify, with their catalogs of millions of songs, simply don’t have the capa-bility to find every single songwriter for every single one of the songs they play. Tracking down the recording art-ist—that is, the singer—usually can be done, but finding songwriters is a dif-ferent story. The bill creates a mechanical licens-ing collective that is tasked with iden-tifying songwriters, matching them to sound recordings, and then ensuring that a songwriter actually gets paid as he or she should. Importantly, this col-lective will be run by songwriters themselves and by their representa-tives in the publishing community. This is an enormous victory for song-writers. For the first time in history, songwriters and their representatives will be in charge of making sure they get paid when their songs get played. This is not the only thing the bill does, not by a long shot. It also changes the rate standard for reproduc-tion and distribution rights to ensure that songwriters get paid a fair market rate, and it provides important protec-tions to digital music companies. It creates a blanket digital license for companies like Pandora and Spotify so that they can have certainty that they will not be sued when they offer songs for download or interactive streaming. It also provides a liability shield against past infringement, provided certain conditions are met—again, so that digital music companies can have certainty in going forward. The Music Modernization Act also makes important changes to perform-ance rights. It creates a Federal per-formance right for pre-1972 sound re-cordings and moves our licensing laws away from the patchwork of incon-sistent State laws and toward a more uniform, coherent Federal standard. It ends the rate carve-out that legacy cable and satellite providers have en-joyed for two decades that has allowed them to pay below-market rates and stave off meaningful competition. This will result in fairer rates for recording artists and create a more level playing field for new market entrants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Sep 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\S25SE8.REC S25SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6293 September 25, 2018 
The bill also provides that rate pro-ceedings for performance rights will ro-tate among judges and that judges may consider sound recording royalty rates when setting corresponding rates for musical works, and it makes a clear statement that the Department of Jus-tice should work with Congress to en-sure there is a proper framework in place to administer performance rights for musical works in the event the De-partment decides it is time to sunset the ASCAP and BMI consent decrees. Lastly, the bill puts in place a formal process for producers, sound engineers, and other behind-the-scenes players to receive a share of the performance roy-alties. This will help to ensure that all of the participants in the music-mak-ing process are fairly compensated for their contributions. As one can see, the Orrin G. Hatch- Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act is a comprehensive piece of legisla-tion that will have wide-ranging im-pacts across the music landscape. It touches all sectors of the music indus-try and makes important reforms to ensure that songwriters, musicians, and other key contributors to Amer-ican music are treated fairly. There is a reason this bill passed the Senate unanimously and why it will pass the House with overwhelming sup-port, which is that all sides of the music industry came together to find a way to make our music laws better, to make them function properly, and to update them for the digital age. No side got everything it wanted, but ev-eryone got something. At the end of the day, we have a piece of legislation we can all be proud of. Now, the fact that this bill passed unanimously does not mean that it was an easy lift—not by any means. This was an extraordinarily complex, multi-faceted piece of legislation with dozens of moving parts and cross-cutting issues that impacted stakeholders in varying ways. Each component of the bill was crucial to its passage, which made negotiating and revising the leg-islative text an exceedingly delicate process. There were numerous unex-pected developments along the way, each of which had to be handled in a manner that did not upset the bill’s careful balance. So I need to spend some time today in thanking everyone who made it possible for us to get to this point. How often does the Senate pass a 186-page bill unanimously? Al-most never. That alone tells you how well the bill’s sponsors and their staffs managed this process. I first need to thank Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , my dear friend from Tennessee. He has been by my side throughout the entire process. Senator A
LEXANDER is a tireless advocate for songwriters in his State and for music in general in his State. This bill would not be on its way to the President’s desk in short order without all of his hard work. I ac-knowledge it and compliment him in every way for it. Senator A
LEXANDER ’s staff has been outstanding as well. In particular, I need to recognize David Cleary, his chief of staff; Lindsay Garcia, his gen-eral counsel; and Paul McKernan, his former legislative assistant. They were wonderful to work with and deserve tremendous credit for this victory. I next need to thank Senator WHITE-
HOUSE , who has been with me through-out this entire journey as well. His chief counsel, Lara Quint, has been a terrific help and an important liaison with my Democratic colleagues. I need to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY , who shepherded this bill through the committee and made important con-tributions to the bill’s oversight and transparency provisions. His deputy staff director and chief civil counsel, Rita Lari, put a lot of work into this bill and into the accompanying com-mittee report. Her determination and dedication made this bill better and helped to bring us to this point today. Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN deserves significant credit as does her counsel, Anant Raut. They helped to make this bill a bipartisan success. Senator C
OONS played a pivotal role in this legislation. He was a champion of title II, the CLASSICS Act, which creates a Federal performance right for pre-1972 sound recordings. Special rec-ognition goes to Jamie Simpson, in his office, who led us through some chal-lenging negotiations and made sure we came out all right. Senator K
ENNEDY was the Republican lead on the CLASSICS Act, and I am glad to have had this opportunity to work with him and with Nick Hawatmeh and Brittany Sadler from his staff. I also need to recognize two House colleagues. The first is Representative D
OUG COLLINS , who has fought tire-lessly for this bill. He and his staff have been unstoppable. Every obstacle, every hurdle they have worked to over-come. Even after the bill passed the House, they did not let up. They were 100 percent committed to this legisla-tion, and I cannot thank them enough for everything they have done. Brendan Belair, Representative C
OLLINS ’ chief of staff, and Sally Rose Larson, his leg-islative director, have been absolutely outstanding. The other House colleague I need to recognize is my good friend B
OBGOOD-
LATTE , the chairman of the House Judi-ciary Committee. Like me, Bob is re-tiring this year. He has been a wonder-ful chairman. I have had the privilege of working with him on a number of initiatives that have become law—a whole raft of them. I am so glad to have had the opportunity to work with him on this legislation before we leave office, and I am so pleased to share my name with his on the bill. I would like to give a special shout- out to his chief counsel for intellectual property, Joe Keeley, who played a cru-cial role in shepherding this bill through the House. Now I need to turn to the industry stakeholders who came together to make the compromises that made this bill possible and who did a superb job of educating Congress on the need for this bill and how it is going to make a dif-ference for songwriters and musicians. The first are the Nashville Song-writers Association International and Songwriters of North America, which helped me and my colleagues to under-stand how our current laws are hurting songwriters and what we needed to do to help them. Next is the National Music Publishers Association, which refused to give up on this bill even when the path forward looked murky at best. ASCAP and BMI were also cru-cial players that helped to energize tens of thousands of songwriters to support this effort. I next need to thank the Recording Industry Association of America, as well as SoundExchange and the Re-cording Academy, for their work on be-half of recording artists and their will-ingness to make the necessary com-promises to get this bill through. The Digital Media Association and its member companies, including Ama-zon, Apple, Microsoft, Pandora, Rhap-sody, Spotify, and YouTube, also de-serve special recognition. They were essential in helping me and my col-leagues to understand the uncertain-ties of the current digital music mar-ketplace and why the reforms in the Music Modernization Act are necessary to the continued growth and success of the digital music ecosystem. The Inter-net Association similarly played an important educative function, and I thank the association and its members for their support. The final industry stakeholder I would like to thank is the National As-sociation of Broadcasters. In par-ticular, I would like to thank the asso-ciation for its willingness to com-promise and for the support it lent to later stages of the legislative process. The 50–State support that the NAB gave to the bill made an important dif-ference to a number of my colleagues, and I thank the NAB for its advocacy. The final thanks I need to offer is to my staff. This bill would not have hap-pened without them and their tireless dedication. I would first like to highlight my communications team, Matt Whitlock and Ally Riding. They did a terrific job in putting together materials to help other offices and the public understand this bill and its importance. They also showed some pretty serious video pro-duction chops. I would next like to thank my legis-lative director, Matt Jensen. Matt worked diligently behind the scenes to identify the proper vehicle and offset for the bill. He reviewed just about every fund and fee in the entire Federal Government and would not give up. Next up is my chief of staff, Matt Sandgren. Matt has been with me now for 15 years. He is one of the finest aides I have ever had. He spent years as my go-to intellectual property counsel before becoming my chief of staff and has been an essential part of this proc-ess. He had the foresight and strategic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.023 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6294 September 25, 2018 
know-how to get this bill across the finish line. No last-minute obstacle was going to stop him. Finally, I would like to thank my chief counsel, Chris Bates. Chris oversaw this bill from start to finish— from the very first stakeholder meet-ings, where we talked about broad out-lines, to last week, when he sat next to me here on the floor while the Senate passed the bill by voice vote. For well over a year now, he has dealt expertly with dozens of stakeholders and 100 Senate offices. He has had the judg-ment to know when to strike deals and when to push forward. As the careful lawyer that he is, he has made sure, at every step along the way, that the bill’s text has been precise, accurate, and tightly drafted. This bill has been as complicated an endeavor as any bill I have done during my 42 years in the Senate, and Chris deserves immense credit for the way he has seen this bill through to enact-ment. Let me just say that this bill means so much to me. It was a number of years ago that a wonderful woman songwriter named Janice Kapp Perry came to me and said: You write poetry. I would like you to write some songs with me. I thought that was a really nice offer. So I sat down and wrote 10 songs that weekend, all of which were put into re-corded form, and we have written a lot of songs ever since. Then, all of a sudden, I had people from all over the country come to me and say: I want to write some music with you. I have had artists and song-writers and just good people come and really help me to learn this business and learn what to do. It has been one of the great joys of my life because I love music. When I was a kid, my mother had an old violin, and I learned to play that violin all the way through grade school, high school, and even in col-lege. I also had piano lessons—6 months of them. I have been able to play most of the popular music on the piano ever since. I am not an accom-plished pianist like Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , but I certainly enjoy plinking on the keys. Then, I had others on my staff who really helped me to understand that music is a tremendously wonderful thing for people. It is uplifting. It is in-spiring. It can be humorous. There are so many things it can be. I have also enjoyed writing the lyrics for well over 100 songs. I have one gold and one platinum record and a number of others that are on their way, and I just feel really good that I have had the help of all of these people to be able to do something that really brings me a great deal of joy. I thank Senator A
LEXANDER . He has been an inspiration to me. He is a won-derful leader for his State and for Nashville. They couldn’t have a better leader in Senator A
LEXANDER , plus his being a wonderful person too. He has been a great aide to me—a great help to me—throughout this process, and I care for him a great deal. There are others, of course, I would like to mention, but I will do that sep-arately at a later date. I am grateful for music in my life. I am grateful I have had this privilege of writing songs, some of which have been heralded and acclaimed. I am grateful for those who have had the patience to work with me. I am grateful the Mor-mon Tabernacle Choir has sung a num-ber of my songs—and they don’t sing junk, let me tell you. You have to real-ly make the grade to have your song sung by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. They have done a few of my songs, and I am grateful for that. There are so many others I would like to compliment at this time. Let me say this. I have taken enough time, but I am very grateful for this privilege of learning how to write music and having written a number of songs that are really popular today. I am grateful for my friends in the Senate who have tolerated me. I am grateful for the po-etry in my life, which I have written since I was a kid. I am just grateful to God for the many blessings I have had. I am grateful to be a U.S. Senator. I am very grateful for the privilege of as-sociating with all of these wonderful people and for those in the past who have served with us as well. I would like to say more, but I will yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, building on Senator HATCH ’s com-ments, we are grateful for his service to the U.S. Senate for more than four decades and grateful he is a songwriter. Of course, he comes from a culture and a faith that emphasizes music. As a little boy in the East Tennessee mountains, I remember every week lis-tening on the Zenith radio to the Mor-mon Tabernacle Choir. I think every-body in Utah and in the Mormon faith actually grows up learning to sing and to enjoy music. O
RRIN HATCH is not just a U.S. Sen-ator, he is a genuine songwriter. He has a gold and a platinum record. I know many national songwriters who have cowritten with him, and they admire him greatly. I can think of no more important tribute to him than the Hatch-Good-latte Music Modernization Act, which should pass the House this week and be on its way to the President. Then it will be, as Senator H
ATCH said, the sin-gle-most important piece of legislation in decades or in a generation that changes copyright law in a way that is fair to songwriters. Senator H
ATCH is correct. This has not been easy. It has taken several years. There are a great many different people to it. The heavy lifts and the unexpected developments were occur-ring all the way down to about 30 min-utes before it passed last Tuesday night. It has been a great privilege to work with Senator HATCH and his staff on this legislation whom I will have more to say about in a minute. The Senator from Utah has done a very good job of explaining what the bill does, but the truth is, copyright law is complicated. About the first 25 times somebody explains to you the law governing songwriting, you will not have a clue what they are talking about. So let me tell a couple of stories about songwriting that might help make it clear. Right after World War II, two na-tional songwriters, Pee Wee King and Redd Stewart, were driving from Mem-phis to Nashville, back before the interstates were created, and one said to the other: Well, Missouri has a waltz and Kentucky has a waltz, why doesn’t Tennessee have a waltz? So on that drive—probably about a 5-hour drive then—they took a matchbox, an old penny matchbox that held wooden matches, threw the matches on the floorboard, and on the back of it they wrote the words to the ‘‘Tennessee Waltz.’’ Now, the ‘‘Tennessee Waltz’’ was al-ready a waltz. It was called the ‘‘No Name Waltz.’’ People played it and sang it in different places. It was just a random song, but they added these few words to it. Then, that night when he got back, Pee Wee King wrote it on a lead sheet. That is what you call a blank page of music. He took it in to Fred Rose the next day, who was his publisher. Fred Rose was the publisher for Hank Williams, Roy Acuff—all kinds of people. He made one change in the words. Where it said: ‘‘Oh, the Ten-nessee waltz, the Tennessee waltz,’’ he changed the words to ‘‘I remember the night and the Tennessee waltz.’’ That song went nowhere for a while. It was performed around by Pee Wee King until Mercury Records decided they had a song, a different song, called ‘‘Boogie Woogie Santa Claus.’’ They wanted the hottest young female singer in America to sing it so they flew Patti Page to New York in about 1950. She sang ‘‘Boogie Woogie Santa Clause’’ on Mercury Records, but they had nothing to put on the back of the record. So somebody suggested they just throw on the back of the record this ‘‘Tennessee Waltz.’’ Well, the ‘‘Tennessee Waltz’’ sold 5 million copies. It became the most re-corded song ever by a female artist. In many ways, it is the Magna Carta of country music. So the question is, How did that hap-pen? What is the mystery that causes a waltz that is just kicked around for a long time, has a few words placed on it by a few songwriters driving from Memphis to Nashville, to suddenly sell 5 million copies? Well, none of us really knows. It is just a magnificent form of art. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.024 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6295 September 25, 2018 
All over my State of Tennessee, there are thousands and thousands and thou-sands of teachers, taxi drivers, wait-resses, people thinking of songs, get-ting together and writing songs, hoping to have the next No. 1 hit. I saw Bob DiPiero at the Bluebird Cafe a week ago Saturday. I say to Senator H
ATCH , he was a gui-tar teacher in RiverGate Mall, outside of Nashville, in the early 1980s. At about 3, he would take a bus from downtown Nashville out to RiverGate Mall, and he would teach guitar lessons to all of these kids after school until 9. Then, during the day, he would write songs. He didn’t do well at all until one day he wrote a song with the lyrics: ‘‘My baby is American made, born and bred in the U.S.A.’’ Well, everybody knows that song now, and Bob DiPiero is a great songwriter. So I guess he makes a living off of songwriting, but lots of people don’t. This bill is about songs that are played over the internet. The way Bob DiPiero or Redd Stewart or Pee Wee King’s descendants would get paid for their creative work is whenever the song is played over the internet, this Hatch-Goodlatte legislation says: We have a way to make sure you get paid if you are the songwriter or you own the rights, and, No. 2, we have changed the law to make it more likely that you will get a fair market value for what you get paid—those two things. I have asked several of the song-writers and the people in the music in-dustry: Do you really think this will make a difference? They, to a person, say yes. Will it make it as good as it was? No, it probably will not, but it will be fair, and it will create an environment where not just Bob DiPiero can get paid for ‘‘My baby is American made’’ but where a lot more songwriters can make a decent living because they get paid and get paid a fair market value for their work. I will tell you another story I have repeated on the floor about that. Un-fortunately, I don’t have a gold record, and I don’t have a platinum record, but I can play the piano. I am as grateful for music as Senator H
ATCH is. When I was 4, my mother took me to the Maryville College, and I began piano lessons, which I continued until I was 16. Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, who had a wonderful and saint-ed mother who helped him recover from polio, once told me the one thing he regrets about his mother is she al-lowed him to stop taking piano lessons. I said back to Senator M
CCONNELL : I don’t ever remember ever having a choice. I made a deal with my mother that I would practice 30 minutes in the morning, and I would get to do what I wanted to in the afternoon, and I had a wonderful time with music. I say to the Senator from Utah, when I was Governor, I was trying to think what could unite our State. The Pre-siding Officer probably had thoughts like that when he was Governor of his State. All I could think of that would unite our big, long State, from Mem-phis to Bristol, was music, from Beale Street in Memphis through Music City in Nashville, to the home of country music in Bristol, TN, where they brought a recording machine in 1927 and called for the hillbillies to come down out of the mountains. Among the hillbillies who came and had their music recorded were Jimmie Rodgers and the Carter family. That was the be-ginning of what we call country music, what you hear on the radio in Nash-ville. So as I was thinking about what united Tennessee, I thought, well, music. I asked the legislature in our State in the 1980s—and they did it—to appropriate some moneys for endow-ments for all of our community orches-tras. There are about two dozen of them. If we give the Nashville Sym-phony or the Greenville Community Orchestra some State dollars, if they matched it, then they would have a lit-tle endowment that would support that music. I went around the State and played the piano with all of those com-munity orchestras and had a good time when people came out to see the Gov-ernor make a mistake or miss a chord or that kind of thing. So music is terribly important to our State, as it is to Utah and as it is to our country. Ken Burns has a new film coming out. I think Ken Burns is America’s greatest storyteller today. I mean, we have other good ones, but today he is. He has done more than 30 films. There is one about the Mayo Clinic that is out today. There is the Civil War, Na-tional Parks, all of those films—Viet-nam more recently. His new film is the film he thinks may be the most pop-ular film of all he has produced, of the 30, and it is about country music. It is about the stories and the lives of the people whom country music is about. I think of Jessi Alexander, whom I just heard play a song at the Bluebird Cafe. She had heard on the radio about the father from Texas whose son was killed in Afghanistan, and they asked him how he grieved, and he said: I drive his truck. She wrote a song, ‘‘I Drive Your Truck,’’ about that father and his son who had been killed defending our country. It won the song of the year, as it should have. So these emotional stories about life and death and whiskey and love and ro-mance and cheating and everything that goes into human nature, these are the stories that make it into these songs. Sometimes—sometimes—they are like the ‘‘Tennessee Waltz.’’ You put some words with a waltz that has been around for a while, and out comes 5 million records sold. Sometimes it is more like this story. I was coming out of the drugstore in Maryville, TN, and I ran into an old couple in a pickup truck. I walked by them, and I said: How are you all doing? The older lady said: Well, we are just falling apart together. So I told that story to Lee Brice and some songwriters who were at our home for the weekend writing songs. They said: We could do something with that, and they wrote a song, ‘‘Falling Apart Together.’’ Lee Brice is a pretty well-known singer. He and Billy Montana and John Stone wrote it. According to Nashville tradition, they gave me a fourth of the royalties because that is what they do. If you make any contribution to the song, you get a little piece of the action. I thought: Well, this is good. I can ac-tually do that as a U.S. Senator. That is legal. The Ethics Committee will ap-prove that. So in 2016, the royalty I re-ceived for ‘‘Falling Apart Together,’’ which was recorded by Lee Brice and is on one of his albums, was $101.75. You can’t make a living on that. What Senator HATCH and the Senate has done, and the House is about to do and it will go on to the President, is to change the law. First, it will create an entity. Those two songwriters who wrote the ‘‘Ten-nessee Waltz’’ after World War II, let’s say their great-grandchildren now own all of the rights, and they are spread all over the place. Let’s say Spotify wants to play the ‘‘Tennessee Waltz.’’ Now all they have to do is to go down to this new entity to get a license. They have a right to do it, and nobody can sue them. It is the entity’s job to go find all of these 100 descendants and pay them the royalty. Then we changed the law to try to make sure the royalties are a fair mar-ket value. Now, in that case, if some company owns that, it might be easier to find them, but that is why every-body came together to pass this bill. Specifically, the legislation will help make sure songwriters are paid when their songs are played by creating a new simplified licensing entity. This new licensing entity will make it easier for digital music companies to obtain a license to play songs and en-sure songwriters are paid when their music is played. This new entity helps songwriters be-cause it will collect royalties each time a song is played, look for the songwriter, and hold on to their royal-ties for 3 years until they can be found. This new entity also helps digital music companies because it makes sure songwriters get paid, which means fewer lawsuits. Second, the legislation will help make sure songwriters are paid a fair market value for their work by doing three things. The legislation revises outdated songwriter royalty standards to ensure songwriters are paid a fair market rate for their work. The new royalty pay-ments will be based on what a willing buyer and willing seller would agree to in a free market—not the statutory below-market standard of today. The legislation allows ASCAP and BMI—the two largest performing rights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.026 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6296 September 25, 2018 
organizations—to present new evidence about the fair market value of a song-writer’s works—like what the per-former earns for their songs—to a Fed-eral rate court judge when there is a dispute about royalty rates for song-writers. The legislation allows ASCAP and BMI to have Federal judges in the Southern District of New York ran-domly assigned to hear their rate cases, rather than have all the pro-ceedings occur before the same judge each time. This should lead to better outcomes for songwriters. This change in the law made sense in the internet world. Today, in the world we live in, more than half of the reve-nues in the music business are for songs played over the internet. The internet has changed music just like it has changed everything else. This changes the law to put us into the internet age. It changes some laws that have been around for centuries, since the days of the player piano. Since there are others who will be wanting to speak, I have had other chances to talk about the bill. I have said most of what I wanted to say, ex-cept for a couple of thank-yous. First, O
RRIN HATCH is exactly the right leader for this bill in the Senate for a variety of reasons. He is chairman of one important committee and nearly ranking on another. Through his pres-tige and his position in the Senate and through the respect we have for him, he was able to ask Senators to step back and allow us to do this very com-plex piece of legislation in a situation where any one Senator could have blocked it—and many did for a while, until they were persuaded not to. I want to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY  and Senator F
EINSTEIN for moving it through the Judiciary Committee ex-peditiously. This could not have hap-pened if Senator M
CCONNELL and Sen-ator S
CHUMER had not created an envi-ronment in which we could do this. Senator H
ATCH mentioned Senator W
HITEHOUSE and Senator C OONS , who were among the lead Democratic co-sponsors. We had 82 cosponsors of this bill. We only have 100 Senators, and we had 82 cosponsors of the bill. I want to particularly thank Senator D
URBIN , who may be a Democrat from Illinois, but he loves to go to Nashville and go to the Grand Ole Opry, and he jumped on early. He is the No. 2 Demo-crat, and he has been a big help. D
OUGCOLLINS , HAKEEM JEFFRIES , and D
ARRELL ISSA in the House of Rep-resentatives were real leaders from the beginning, and, of course, B
OBGOOD-
LATTE and Ranking Member N ADLER  were as well. I think it is important to join Sen-ator H
ATCH in mentioning again those music groups whom we sat down with more than 2 years ago and said: Look, we have been here for a long time, and we could continue to argue about what you disagree on or we could try to pass what you can agree on. And for the last 2
1⁄2years, they have worked to com-promise, to agree on what they could agree on, and they have done that in an important way. I thank the Nashville Song Writers Association International—Bart Herbison especially, but a whole bunch of them, including the National Music Publishers Association, ASCAP, BMI, the Recording Academy, Sound Ex-change, Digital Media Association, Song Writers of North America, Inter-net Association, Recording Industry Association of America, and the Na-tional Association of Broadcasters, which came with a strongly support recommendation in the end, which was a big, big help. Senator HATCH was correct. The most valuable players in all of this most likely have been the staff members on both sides of the aisle and in both Houses who helped put the competing interests together—and there were many—in a way that produced this bill. I would especially like to thank Lindsey Garcia, who is sitting here with me, and Paul McKernan, who worked on this for a long time, and David Cleary and Allison Martin on my staff. Chris Bates, Matt Jensen, and Matt Sandgren on Senator H
ATCH ’s staff have been terrific and essential. I thank Rita Lari from the Senate Judiciary staff. We were joking the other day. When we first talked to her about this, she said: Are you sure you can pass a bill like this? Most people didn’t think it was possible to get all of the competing interests here to agree. Congressman D
OUG COLLINS and his staff have really been at the forefront of this, including Sally Rose Larson. Republican floor staff Megan Mercer was a big help. A special shout-out to Reema Dodin, who works for Senator D
URBIN and who was a consistent help but was espe-cially helpful on last Tuesday after-noon when we only had a little bit of time and we needed to get some last- minute changes cleared in the Demo-cratic cloakroom as well as the Repub-lican cloakroom. This would be a good exercise for a chapter in a book on legislation some-time. But it is going to be the Hatch- Goodlatte Music Modernization Act, and the result is going to be that thou-sands and thousands of songwriters in this country for the first time in a long time are, A, going to get paid for their work, and, B, they are going to get paid more of a fair market value, as they should. I am deeply grateful for the oppor-tunity to have worked on it, and I thank all of my colleagues for working so well with Senator H
ATCH and me to get it done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
REMEMBERING JOHN ABRAMS  
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I am here today to honor the life of GEN John Abrams—a father, a husband, a friend, a soldier, and to so many, a hero. He passed away last month at the age of 71 after spending more than half of his life in the U.S. Army. Rising from the son of a general to become himself a four-star general, John Abrams embodied the spirit of selflessness and of sacrifice for which our military is known. He spent his life fighting to defend the freedoms that we all too often take for granted. He was wounded in battle, returned to duty, and then wounded again, but he refused to let any injury deter him. He was a soldier’s soldier from the very start, and those who knew him were made better by being in his orbit. He served in the Armed Forces for 36 years, first enlisting in 1966 before be-coming commissioned as an officer just 1 year later. He made it to four stars the hard way: by starting as a private— the lowest rank. Soon after he was commissioned, he deployed to Vietnam, where he served two consecutive tours and volunteered for a third before being sent home. Then, he was off to a Korean province just north of Seoul. After that, he went to Germany for five tours, serving in Hungary, Bosnia, and Kuwait as well— all this in service to his country, all in an effort to add to the greater good. He made history, becoming just the second American ever to command the same unit as his father when he was promoted to lieutenant general and tasked with commanding the V Corps in Germany—yes, that V Corps, the same unit that stormed the shores near Normandy and fought at Omaha Beach, that liberated Paris and took on the German troops during the Battle of the Bulge. His own heroism in Vietnam did not go unnoticed. He was decorated with a Silver Star and a Purple Heart. But he would tell you that his greatest decora-tion was that of being a father, a hus-band, and a leader of soldiers. He went on to lead the U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command, over-seeing the Army’s training in its en-tirety. He continued to rise in the ranks alongside his own brothers, one of whom just testified in front of the Senate today and is set to be confirmed as the next commander of U.S. Forces Korea. Looking back, it is little wonder where General Abrams’ strength of character came from. His father served as the Army Chief of Staff, com-manding all forces across Vietnam from 1968 through 1972. His mother founded the Army’s chapter of the Ar-lington Ladies around that same time, organizing volunteers to attend funer-als to make sure that no troop was ever buried alone. He combined his fa-ther’s courage with his mother’s com-passion, and in the process, he made this Nation a better, safer place for the rest of us—for his children and their children and my children. He couldn’t have done any of this without the loving support and service of his family, his wife Cecelia and his two daughters. As the quintessential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.027 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6297 September 25, 2018 
military family, they served alongside of him. To each of them, I express my gratitude and that of this grateful Na-tion. My thoughts are with all of General Abrams’ loved ones today, along with my deep gratitude. Thank you for shar-ing your father, your husband, your brother with the rest of this country that he served so valiantly for so long. God bless him and his legacy. God bless the troops he cared so deeply about and led so ably. God bless the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I rise today to express my frustration—my outrage—that this body is poised to miss a historic, once-in-a-generation opportunity to stop the major airlines from gouging Americans with exorbi-tant fees every time they fly. In the dark of night early Saturday morning, House and Senate committee leadership released a Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill that does not include a commonsense, bipartisan provision to protect pas-sengers from having to pay $200 to change a ticket that costs $250—a pro-vision that would have protected a family from paying $200 to cancel a flight because another family member had fallen seriously ill and a vacation had to be canceled. Instead, after months of lobbying against my bipartisan FAIR Fees pro-vision, the airlines won and airline pas-sengers lost. I would compare it to the Christians and the lions, but in this story, the Christians even had to pay extra to enter the amphitheater. What once were considered the basic services of flying have now become op-tional and with a massive price tag— checking a bag, carrying on a bag, fly-ing standby for an earlier flight, print-ing a boarding pass, early boarding, seat selection, changing or canceling your flight, even a blanket and pillow. Air travelers are being nickeled-and- dimed, but the real cost is in the bil-lions of dollars. That is because the major airlines have turned fees into a multibillion-dollar industry. Last year, the airlines raked in $7.4 billion in fees. More than $4.5 billion came from now having to pay to check your bag, and $2.9 billion was extra fees if you wanted to change your ticket or if you wanted to cancel your ticket. That is billions of dollars. That is actually the equiva-lent of 11 million flights from Wash-ington, DC, to Boston. That is the cost that is now imposed upon consumers. Passengers think they are buying low- cost fares, but they are really just vic-tims of airline greed in support of a new multibillion-dollar profit center. Even in the past few weeks, as we worked in Congress to include impor-tant consumer protection measures in this final FAA legislation, the airlines continued to raise their fees. Last month, JetBlue Airways raised its change and cancellation fees from $150 to $200 for certain flights. They also raised fees for a passenger’s first checked bag from $25 to $30 and in-creased the fees for a second checked bag from $35 to $40. That is $140 to check two bags for a round trip. Short-ly after, United Airlines, Delta Air-lines, and American Airlines followed suit, raising their bag fees to match JetBlue’s. In college, I might have spent more time being interested in politics than economics, but I thought competition was supposed to drive prices down and not up. So why are the airlines charg-ing these fees? Well, the first answer is, because they can, but the real answer is, because there is no competition among domestic airlines. In the past 10 years, we have gone from 10 major airlines down to just 4. Only four airlines control 85 percent of traffic in the skies. The only thing competitive about the current airline industry is the fight for overhead com-partment space. Americans have more choice in where to eat at the airport than which airline they can take. We know that when choice goes down, fees go up. And these sky-high fees bear almost no resemblance to the cost of the services being provided. The Government Accountability Office, GAO, recently released a report con-firming what countless passengers across the country already know to be true: Airlines are gouging captive pas-sengers to line their pockets, not to cover the actual cost of the services provided. Does it really cost $200 for American Airlines to change a ticket? Does it really cost Delta Air Lines $40 to load that second bag—$10 more than proc-essing the first bag? Airlines are in-creasing their fees in order to match their competitors. They are actively seeking to deceive passengers by offer-ing artificially low fares and then charging exorbitant fees on the back end. Enough is enough. It is time we put a stop to these abusive practices. That is why Republican Senator R
OGER WICKER  of Mississippi and I joined together to get our provision ensuring change and cancellation fees are reasonable into the Senate FAA reauthorization bill. When a liberal from New England and a Republican from the Deep South can agree on policy, we are on the right side of history. Yet the airline industry had other plans. They stated their No. 1 priority in the FAA reauthorization was defeating our FAIR Fees provision. What is it about this provision that they would stop at nothing to block it from becoming law? Why would the air-line industries band together on this one issue? They don’t compete truly against each other in the marketplace. Here, they could all come together on one policy. It is because they don’t want the Department of Transpor-tation to assess whether change and cancellation, baggage, and other fees are reasonable and proportional to the costs of the services provided. They don’t want to ensure change and can-cellation fees are reasonable. That is all that our provision does—ensure that these fees are reasonable and pro-portional to the cost of the services being provided by the airlines to the customer. That is it. It is as common-sense and as straightforward as you would want an airline passenger to re-ceive from their airline—fair and rea-sonable. No price is determined by this amendment—only that it has to be fair and reasonable and related to the cost that is, in fact, borne by the airlines in order to provide that service. How on-erous could that be on an airline? Why can’t we get that passed through this body so that consumers don’t get tipped upside down at the counter as they try to change a ticket or to cancel a ticket? Why can’t we get that passed? If a child gets sick and a passenger has to change or cancel a flight weeks in advance, does it really cost Delta Air Lines $200 to cancel that ticket? If a meeting gets postponed so a ticket has to be canceled 2 weeks before de-parture, is it fair for United Airlines to charge $200 for a ticket that costs about that same amount? Are those fees proportional when the airlines can still resell the vacated seat, even if the passenger cancels weeks ahead of time? Think about that. The passenger gives the airline 2 weeks’ notice. Then, they have to pay a fine, $200. Then, the airline resells the ticket to another passenger. What is the cost to the air-line in that kind of situation? Or are they just exploiting the vulnerability of the passenger who has to change it? They have resold the ticket for the same price or higher to another pas-senger. The answer is no. Passengers have no choice. They have no alternative. The market has failed, leaving these flyers vulnerable to fee gouging and corporate greed from the airlines. You are at the counter, and they can say: Go to another airline. And you say: Well, there are no other airlines at this airport that fly to my destination. It is the only airline I can rely upon. Well, then, pay the cancellation fee, pay the change fee because you are not at a marketplace where you can then say: There is another airline I can go to right here at this airport that will take me to that destination nonstop. In fact, the only thing the airline in-dustry was more committed to doing than raising airline fees was defeating the consumer protection provision in the FAA bill. We still have an oppor-tunity to right this wrong. Tomorrow the House of Representatives will con-sider the FAA reauthorization bill. On behalf of the flying public—the mil-lions of Americans who are subjected to ridiculous airline fees—I call on the House to add the FAIR Fees provision to the FAA reauthorization bill, and I call on my Senate colleagues to sup-port it. It is time to stop nickel-and- diming American families and ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.029 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6298 September 25, 2018 
that they are flying the fair and friend-ly skies. Otherwise, these billions of dollars, year after year, will come out of the pockets of consumers who have no choice. Senator W
ICKER and I worked to-gether to build it into the Senate bill. We should not have receded to the posi-tion of the House. That was a mistake. This history is going to continue be-cause the anger of the flying public is only going to build as each and every month and year goes by. The day is going to come, I vow to you, where we are going to have this in a bill that passes this Chamber and the House of Representatives. This is an issue whose time has come. If it has been blocked, it is only tempo-rarily. We are going to return to this issue. Everyone in the Congress will be made accountable to the flying public so that they are not given this offer they can’t refuse every time they are at the counter: Pay or don’t fly. It is absolutely wrong. At this point, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on Executive Cal-endar No. 941 be considered expired at 1:45 p.m. on Wednesday, September 26; that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM PAXTON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, at the end of this month, my friend Jim Paxton will end his 32-year tenure with the Paducah Sun newspaper in western Kentucky. Through his service as the paper’s editor and publisher, Jim has shown a dedication to his community and his organization, and he deserves our sincere gratitude. Looking back at his experience with the paper, Jim called it, ‘‘the best job a person could ask for.’’ It is my privilege to con-gratulate him on his remarkable career in journalism. Founded more than 120 years ago as the Paducah Evening Sun, Jim’s news-paper has always been a family busi-ness. Before joining the paper, Jim worked with other news organizations in Nashville and Lexington and went to law school. However, after a tragic aviation accident that claimed the life of the Sun’s previous editor, Jack Paxton, Jim left his legal career be-hind and agreed to lead the local insti-tution. Jim began at the Sun in 1986 and soon after earned the title of editor. With his brothers David and Richard, who later joined the company, the fam-ily expanded their media offering to better serve their community. The story of Paducah is intertwined with the region’s river system, and the Sun has the news that its readers need for their day. There is a great deal of local news to cover. Paducah is the heart of our Nation’s inland waterways net-work, and it is home to both the Na-tional Quilt Museum and the U.S. De-partment of Energy’s Gaseous Diffu-sion Plant. Further, in 2013, the U.N. Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, UNESCO, designated Pa-ducah as the world’s seventh City of Crafts and Folk Art. The Paducah Sun, under Jim’s leadership, has kept a close eye on each of these aspects of the city’s life and heritage. In recent years, Jim has taken a leading role in crafting the Sun’s edi-torial page, a page of his paper I rarely miss. I have especially enjoyed each of my opportunities to meet with the pa-per’s editorial board to discuss the issues most vital to Paducah’s future. By presenting a fair and even-handed opinion to his audience, Jim and the Sun’s staff have made themselves a central feature of the day for many western Kentuckians. When Jim leaves his post at the end of this month, he does so after a career filled with distinction and one he can be proud of. Whatever the future may hold for Jim and his family, I send them my sincere best wishes. Families throughout Paducah and across the Commonwealth have benefited from Jim’s diligence and thoughtfulness, and I would like to express my pro-found gratitude to him. I ask my Sen-ate colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Jim Paxton, the gold standard for a professional newsman, on a suc-cessful career and wishing him a happy retirement. f 
CAIRO HOUSING CRISIS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I would like to bring attention to the southernmost city in my State, Cairo, IL. Sitting at the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers, Cairo was once a booming port town and was home to Fort Defiance during the Civil War. In the 1960s, Civil Rights icon Representa-tive JOHNLEWIS even spent a summer there to help integrate a number of businesses and public spaces. However, in recent years, this south-ern city has faced a new challenge, as uninhabitable living conditions have force hundreds of public housing resi-dents to relocate from their homes— and in many cases from their beloved community. Public housing in the city suffered years of neglect at the hands of local officials who are now accused of misusing Federal funds to bankroll lavish personal expenses, including multiple trips to Las Vegas and steak dinners. And how was life for residents? By the time residents were forced to relo-cate, 185 families—including roughly 200 children—were living in housing overrun with rodents, bedbugs, roaches, crime, mold, asbestos, and lead. I am talking about rats in the couch, maggots in the freeze, and plumbing and heating that simply re-fused to work. It was local officials who failed to provide its residents with safe and healthy housing; yet these families were the ones whose lives were up-rooted as a result. Today, all 185 fami-lies have relocated, and the vacant housing complexes are set to be demol-ished. While the strength and resilience of these residents and their community in the face of this situation is inspir-ing, there is no question they deserved far more from their government. It has been more than 2 years since the HUD Inspector General’s Office began investigating alleged misuse of Federal funds by local officials, and it is beyond time for that investigation to be finalized and for the results to be made public. Today I am calling—once again—for the HUD inspector general to do just that, but more remains to be done to restore the faith and confidence of pub-lic housing residents in our govern-ment. Transparent accountability must be had at all levels of government where mismanagement played a role in creating this crisis. This is why, in May of last year, Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH and I called for the HUD inspector general to also look into HUD’s oversight of Alexander County Housing Authority. This July, the IG released its report that found that despite having early knowledge of bad conditions at Alexander County, HUD hesitated to intervene, while resi-dents suffered. This is unacceptable, and it cannot be repeated. HUD is responsible for en-suring public housing authorities meet their responsibility to provide safe and affordable housing, and it must be ca-pable of performing this vital over-sight. Senator D
UCKWORTH and I have urged HUD to quickly implement the recommendations included in the re-port to more effectively oversee public housing authorities, to which HUD has agreed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.030 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6299 September 25, 2018 
I look forward to continuing to work with HUD to improve its oversight of public housing authorities. We cannot allow the local and Federal mis-management that jeopardized living conditions in Cairo to be repeated in any other community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDY D ESHARNAIS Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I want to recognize a Federal employee I have had the privilege of working with for the past 5 and a half years, Judy DesHarnais, deputy for programs and project management with the St. Paul District of the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers. Quite simply put, she is one of the finest and most dedicated public servants I have had the opportunity to work with in my time in the Senate. Judy joined the district in 1985 as one of the first female engineers. In 2001, she was promoted to be the district’s and the Corps’ first female deputy dis-trict engineer for programs and project management. Throughout her time with the St. Paul District, Judy has stood out as an individual who could tackle complex, sensitive water re-source issues. With top leadership in the district changing every 3 years, Judy has been the one steady hand that has remained constant, guiding the dis-trict through preparation and response to historic floods to helping commu-nities secure permanent flood protec-tion. To community leaders in North Da-kota, Judy is a trusted public servant and an important partner. She has been on the frontlines with us on so many flood fights, helping to coordi-nate emergency response measures to protect families and businesses. She has also led efforts to help commu-nities get critical flood protection projects that have saved lives and pre-vented more than a billion dollars in property damage. No matter what the challenge, Judy has always been able to meet or exceed it, and the positive impact of her work can be seen across the State in Grand Forks, Wahpeton, Devils Lake, Minot, and so many other communities. Judy’s contributions to the Corps of Engineers are numerous, but one that will always be recognized is her efforts to make the agency truly responsive to the needs of the communities it serves. After a distinguished career in public service that has spanned more than 30 years, I want to thank Judy for her service to the Corps of Engineers and the State of North Dakota. She will be greatly missed, remembered for her professionalism, and honored for the positive change she brought to the Corps, and I wish her all the best in her retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACK SALZMAN Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, today I would like to honor a constituent of mine who was recently awarded one of the highest honors in his industry. Jack Salzman, owner of Lake Nor-man Chrysler-Dodge-Jeep-RAM in Cornelius, NC, was named 2018 TIME Magazine Dealer of the Year, a na-tional award that recognizes new-car dealers who exhibit exceptional per-formance in their dealerships and per-form distinguished community service. The TIME Magazine Dealer of the Year award is held in partnership with Ally Financial and the National Auto-mobile Dealers Association, NADA. Representatives from TIME and Ally Financial presented the award at the 2018 NADA Show in Las Vegas, NV. He dedicated his award to his wife, Robin Smith-Salzman. Mr. Salzman was recognized for his exceptional commitment to giving back to his community focusing his philanthropic time and attention in three areas: animals in need, children in need, and women in need. To this end, he is a contributor to the Humane Society of Charlotte, NC, as well as a founding board member of Lake Norman Humane Society. He also supports Lake Norman Lucky Cats, which provides trap-neuter-return serv-ices, as well as Holly’z Hope, an organi-zation that helps unchain dogs by building fences for homeowners in need. To assist women and children in need, Mr. Salzman is a longtime sup-porter of the Dove House Children’s Advocacy Center in Statesville, NC, Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center in Charlotte, NC, Amy’s House in Lincolnton, NC, and the Shelter of Gas-ton County in Gastonia, NC. Mr. Salzman has stated, ‘‘We believe these organizations serve a critical need in our community.’’ Other national groups Mr. Salzman contributes to include Make-A-Wish, Big Brothers Big Sisters, Habitat for Humanity, Susan G. Komen, and the American Cancer Society. Mr. Salzman is also an accomplished swimmer in the 200-meter backstroke and competed in the U.S. Olympic trials for the summer games in Mos-cow. He was nominated for the TIME Mag-azine Dealer of the Year award by Rob-ert Glaser, president of the North Caro-lina Automobile Dealers Association. On behalf of all the constituents of North Carolina, please join me in con-gratulating Mr. Salzman on being named the 2018 TIME Magazine Dealer of the Year. I wish him and his family continued success and a prosperous fu-ture. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CON-NECTICUT CHIROPRACTIC ASSO-CIATION ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Con-necticut Chiropractic Association, Inc., CTChiro, as it celebrates 100 years of extraordinary and exemplary advocacy on behalf of chiropractic doctors in Connecticut. Since its formation in 1918, CTChiro has demonstrated tireless dedication to the advancement of the chiropractic profession. The association seeks to support these doctors and their prac-tices throughout Connecticut in order to improve public health policies and provide their patients with the best treatment possible. Endeavoring to raise awareness of the profession and make chiropractic care more accessible to the people of Connecticut, CTChiro diligently mon-itors healthcare legislation to ensure chiropractic services are a viable health option for residents. To meet the need for such medical care throughout the State, CTChiro strives to improve patient awareness of chiro-practic services, while advocating for greater insurance coverage. Continuously seeking to raise the standard for doctors in the field and the treatment they provide to their pa-tients, CTChiro also offers opportuni-ties for its member doctors to access resources and continue with higher education. Thanks to the association’s longstanding, consistent efforts, insti-tutions, representatives, agencies, and Connecticut residents are able to see the importance and availability of chiropractic medicine. Additionally, they can feel secure in the services of-fered to them as a result of CTChiro’s dedication to developing a more com-prehensive and knowledgeable set of doctors. Since its establishment, CTChiro routinely prioritizes the creation of thorough, economical, and beneficial chiropractic care, supported by experi-enced, well-rounded professional doc-tors. I applaud their numerous achieve-ments and hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating the Connecticut Chiropractic Association, Inc., on 100 years of service and commitment to Connecticut chiropractic doctors and patients.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO LENNIS ‘‘RED’’ ARNDT ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Red Arndt for his many years of service to the Lewis & Clark Regional Water System, as well as his lifetime commitment to bringing safe and reliable water to the rural corners of this country. Born Lennis Arndt, but nicknamed ‘‘Red,’’ he started working in 1989 as the public utilities director in Luverne, MN. Shortly after beginning his new position, Red heard about a proposal to bring water from the Missouri River in South Dakota to the surrounding States. Although it was a major under-taking with more people doubting the idea than supporting it, Red saw the potential and recommended to the mayor and city council that Luverne join the project as one of the first members of the corporation that would later become the Lewis & Clark Re-gional Water System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.031 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6300 September 25, 2018 
Seeing Lewis & Clark develop from conception to construction was a labor of love for Red and a mission he fought hard to achieve. He has worked tire-lessly on behalf of the project, serving as the vice chairman of the board be-ginning in 1994, until becoming the board chairman in 2006, a position he still holds. Under Red’s leadership, over $470 million in funding was di-rected to Lewis & Clark, and over 200 miles of pipeline have been laid in the ground that currently deliver much- needed water to 14 member commu-nities and rural water projects, reach-ing over 300,000 people across South Da-kota, Minnesota, and Iowa. In May 2016, Luverne, MN, was fi-nally able to celebrate its connection to Lewis & Clark, with Red reveling in taking the first swig of water. It was at this ceremony that the meter building in Luverne was dedicated in Red’s honor. Red will be the first to acknowl-edge that this endeavor, benefiting generations to come in the tristate area, was a team effort. There is no question Red’s vision for the future, as well as his dedication and strong lead-ership have been a driving force through the years. That is why he was a recipient in 2012 of the Lewis & Clark Trailblazer Award, which is the organi-zation’s highest honor. I am grateful for his commitment to public service, his hard work on behalf of Lewis & Clark, and, more impor-tantly, I am proud to call him a friend. I commend Red Arndt for his many great contributions to Lewis & Clark, the community of Luverne, and the en-tire State of Minnesota. Thank you.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BRUCE M ACINTYRE ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the memory of a great Montanan who left his mark on count-less lives. Bruce MacIntyre devoted his life to the betterment of Billings, MT. Bruce’s service to his community started at his father’s car dealership. After returning from the University of Notre Dame, Bruce took over the family business, successfully running it with integrity and passion. It didn’t take long for Bruce to ex-pand his horizons by serving in commu-nity leadership positions. He eventu-ally sold the dealership to devote his time to others. Bruce quickly began consulting for businesses around Bil-lings, helping them evolve and grow, creating jobs and opportunities along the way. Bruce eventually joined the Billings Chamber of Commerce as director of government affairs, fostering relation-ships between businesses and local offi-cials to expand the economy and estab-lish lifelong connections. Bruce was well-known in Billings and across the State as a humble, generous mentor who always had time to give advice or lend a hand or even simply to listen to someone who needed it. His other passion was ensuring stu-dents got a quality education. Bruce was instrumental in passing numerous levies to benefit students and teachers, and in 2017, he was elected to serve as a trustee for Billings SD2, where he lent his insight and expertise to cre-ating a better future for all students. I rise to remember this great man, who selflessly dedicated his life to his community. Montana is a better place because of Bruce.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:16 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 698. An act to require a land convey-ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6537. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cran-berries Grown in States of Massachusetts, et al.; Establishment of 2018–19 Seasonal Vol-ume Regulation’’ ((7 CFR Part 929) (Docket No. AMS–SC–18–0012; SC18–929–2 FR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2018; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6538. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Beauveria bassiana strain PPRI 5339; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9983–67) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6539. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenoic acid, 2-methyl-, polymer with butyl 2-methyl-2-propenoate, butyl 2- propenoate, N-(1,1-dimethyl-3-oxobutyl)-2- propenamide, ethenylbenzene, 2-ethylhexyl 2-prepenoate and methyl 2-methyl-2- prepenoate; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9983–23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6540. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenpoic acid, polymer with butyl 2-propenoate, ethenylbenzene and (1- methylethenyl) benzene, ammonium salt; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9983–22) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6541. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Maltodextrin-vinyl pyrrolidinone co-polymer; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9983–05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6542. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Jack Weinstein, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6543. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral John N. Christenson, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice ad-miral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6544. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Kenneth R. Dahl, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6545. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6546. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to per-sons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism that was established in Executive Order 13224 on September 23, 2001; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6547. A communication from the Acting Director, Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Summaries of Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (Regulation V)’’ (RIN3170–AA82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6548. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 19, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6549. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio Rule: Treatment of Certain Municipal Obli-gations as High-Quality Liquid Assets’’ (RIN1557–AE36) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6550. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.022 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6301 September 25, 2018 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Requirements for Submissions of Exclusion Requests and Objections to Sub-mitted Requests for Steel and Aluminum’’ (RIN0694–AH55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6551. A communication from the Acting Deputy Chief, National Forest System, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the final map and perimeter boundary for the Black Butte Wild and Scenic River, in California, added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6552. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Water and Science, National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park Sys-tem, Pea Ridge National Military Park; Bi-cycles’’ (RIN1024–AE41) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–6553. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the St. Lucie County, Florida Coast-al Storm Risk Management Project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6554. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Ala Wai Canal Flood Risk Man-agement Study, Oahu, Hawaii; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6555. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Idaho; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9984–29–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6556. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Missouri; Re-gional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9984–22–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6557. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Inspection and Maintenance Program’’ (FRL No. 9984–23–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6558. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SC and TN; Re-gional Haze Plans and Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9984–20–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6559. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; TN: Revisions to New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9984–10–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6560. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Approvals and Promulgations: Infra-structure Monitoring Requirements for the 2008 Pb, 2010 SO2, 2010 NO2 and 2012 PM2.5 Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards; Utah’’ (FRL No. 9983–73–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6561. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Wyoming; Incorporation by Reference Updates’’ (FRL No. 9984–50–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6562. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS and Definition Update’’ (FRL No. 9984–35–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6563. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Redesignation of the Missouri Portion of the St. Louis-St. Charles-Farmington, MO–IL 2008 Ozone Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9983–68–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6564. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Dorney Road Landfill Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9984–24–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6565. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Union Chemical Co., Inc. Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9983–87–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6566. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the White-house Oil Pits Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9984–02–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6567. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Regional Haze Plan and Visibility Re-quirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide and the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standards’’ (FRL No. 9984–30–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6568. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule; Re-moval of EPA Mentor Protege Program’’ (FRL No. 9984–39–OARM) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6569. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; AL, FL, GA, KY, MS, NC, SC, TN; Interstate Transport for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9984–36–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6570. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Updates to Enhanced Motor Vehicle Inspec-tion and Maintenance Program Regulation’’ (FRL No. 9983–99–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6571. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Tennessee: Vola-tile Organic Compounds’’ (FRL No. 9984–50– Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6572. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Permits for Construction and Major Modification of Major Stationary Sources for the Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion of Air Quality’’ (FRL No. 9984–48–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6573. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of the Clean Air Act Sec-tion 112(l), Authority for Hazardous Air Pol-lutants: Asbestos Management and Control; Clerical Corrections to Incorporation by Ref-erence of Inactive Waste Disposal Rules; State of New Hampshire Department of En-vironmental Services’’ (FRL No. 9979–67–Re-gion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.003 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6302 September 25, 2018 
EC–6574. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Davis Timber Company Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9984–45–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6575. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Eureka Mills Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9984–46–Re-gion 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6576. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Reasor Chemical Company Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9984–44–Region 4) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6577. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9983–72) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6578. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2017 Ac-tuarial Report on the Financial Outlook for Medicaid’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6579. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘REIT Foreign In-come Inclusions’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–48) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6580. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safe Harbor Expla-nations - Eligible Rollover Distributions’’ (Notice 2018–74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6581. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program; Final FY 2016 and Pre-liminary FY 2018 Disproportionate Share Hospital Allotments, and Final FY 2016 and Preliminary FY 2018 Institutions for Mental Diseases Disproportionate Share Hospital Limits’’ ((RIN0938–ZB48) (CMS–2414-N)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6582. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Import Restric-tions Imposed on Archaeological Material from Cambodia’’ (RIN1515–AE40) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6583. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of 9mm semi-automatic pistols to the Philippines in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–019); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6584. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Nurse Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Pro-grams Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6585. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Health Service Corps Report to Congress for the Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6586. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Mergers and Transfers Be-tween Multiemployer Plans’’ (RIN1212–AB31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6587. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Ter-minated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Parts 4022 and 4044) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6588. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of Regulations and Policy Man-agement Staff, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Current Good Manu-facturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Human Food’’ ((21 CFR Part 110) (Docket No. FDA– 2011–N–0920) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6589. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘National Priorities Security Grant Program Act’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6590. A communication from the Chief, Administrative Law Division, Central Intel-ligence Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Inspector General, Central Intel-ligence Agency, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2018; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–6591. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Logistics Agency Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6592. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting pro-posed legislation; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–6593. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Swim Around Charleston; Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0598)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6594. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Boston Harbor’s Improvement Dredging Project, Boston, MA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0575)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6595. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Neches River, Beaumont, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0376)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6596. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River Mile Markers 824 to 832, St. Paul, MN’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0813)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6597. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Fireworks Display, Indian River Bay, Long Neck, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0737)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6598. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Upper Mississippi River, St. Paul, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Dock-et No. USCG–2018–0821)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6599. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Policy, training , and Pricing Divi-sion, Office of Procurement, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NASA Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Removal of Reference to the Shared Savings Policy and Associated Clause’’ (RIN2700–AE44) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.005 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6303 September 25, 2018 
EC–6600. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Policy, Training, and Pricing Divi-sion, Office of Procurement, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NASA Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Removal of Reference to the Supplemental Rights in Data Special Works Policy and Associated Clause’’ (RIN2700–AE45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6601. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Policy, Training, and Pricing Divi-sion, Office of Procurement, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NASA Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Removal of Definitions’’ (RIN2700–AE46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on Armed Services. *Casey Wardynski, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. *Veronica Daigle, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense. *Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Army. *Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *Alan Ray Shaffer, of Virginia, to be Dep-uty Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment. Air Force nomination of Col. Jeffrey H. Hurlbert, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Michael J. Dumont, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Capt. Robert D. Katz, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Michael T. Plehn, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Timothy G. Szymanski, to be Vice Admiral. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. James E. Rainey, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Thomas J. Sharpy, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Col. David P. Gar-field, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Tim-othy G. Fay, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. George W. Smith, Jr., to be Lieutenant Gen-eral. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Ryan J. Garlow, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Air Force nomination of Thomas T. Swaim, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Dann S. Carlson and ending with Jose I. Ruiz Quinones, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 17, 2018. Army nomination of Mac B. Carter, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Michael T. Anders and ending with D014641, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Michael J. Adamski and ending with G010241, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Court-ney L. Abraham and ending with D014311, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nomination of Timothy D. Vincent, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mark J. Stanalajczo, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Eric D. Barger, to be major. Army nominations beginning with Joseph V. Dermenjian and ending with Michael J. Trofinoff, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nomination of Christopher G. Hossfeld, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Dejuan E. Giblert, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with John H. Barkemeyer and ending with D014328, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nomination of John T. Winkler, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Pedro O. Agapay III and ending with Mark A. White, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nomination of Jaime D. Bir-mingham, to be lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Jeff A. Blackard and ending with Matthew J. Songe, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Brian J. Burton and ending with Christopher S. Wooten, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Hugo I. Ehuan and ending with Michael K. Flury, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Army nomination of Kurt J. Cyr, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Brian D. McManus, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Edward J. Maloney, to be Major. Army nomination of Craig S. Gatzemeyer, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Michael A. Collins, to be Major. Army nomination of Robert J. Bernard, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Dexter M. Berry and ending with Agnita M. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 17, 2018. Marine Corps nomination of Shawn A. Rickrode, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Navy nominations beginning with James K. Short and ending with Nicholas A. Midzak, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 31, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Andrew P. Bessette and ending with Stanley R. Wor-thington, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Mark A. A. Abadilla and ending with John S. Yohannan, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Adam C. Aliano and ending with Sharlena Y. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with William A. Agbo and ending with Gregory A. Wolfley, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Ben-jamin P. Archer and ending with Michael K. Yang, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jacob A. Adams and ending with Kenneth E. Zitnik, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Albetro Alshabazz and ending with Brian M. Wood, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Nicholas L. Alander and ending with Patrick D. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Mark Adjei and ending with Darian J. Wilder, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on August 27, 2018. Navy nomination of Julio L. Mattos, Jr., to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Darin M. Andrews and ending with Ryan D. Zachar, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Francis G. Coyle and ending with Christopher J. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Richard E. Arthur II and ending with Barry J. Wutzke, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Claudia I. Alday and ending with Toshi L. Williams, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Kyle J. Abner and ending with Thomas W. Zimmer-man, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Scott B. Aaron and ending with Shannon M. Zoch, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jessica L. Alexander and ending with Seng F. Yee, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Michael K. Beall and ending with William N. Zinicolalapin, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Rachel M. Althouse and ending with Jason P. Tabanan, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.007 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6304 September 25, 2018 
Navy nominations beginning with Sean A. Brophy and ending with Jesus A. Uranga, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Chris-topher M. Andrews and ending with Jacob W. Zercher, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Emily L. Adams and ending with Jacob C. Wille, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2018. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3487. A bill to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to improve the orderly transfer of the executive power during Presi-dential transitions; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3488. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to secure the rights of visual artists to copyright, to provide for resale royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ERNST: S. 3489. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare Ad-vantage plans offered under part C of the Medicare program and prescription drug plans offered under part D of such program to provide information relating to the safe disposal of prescription drugs that are con-trolled substances to certain individuals en-rolled under such plans; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY: S. 3490. A bill to protect State and local witnesses from tampering and retaliation, to empower law enforcement agencies to keep America safe from organized crime and gang- related violence, to authorize grants for the purchase of personal protective equipment and detection devices for first responders as-sisting at the scene of an opioid overdose or investigating opioid trafficking or distribu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 3491. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to carry out a pilot program to develop and provide to States and trans-portation planning organizations accessi-bility data sets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 3492. A bill to improve the removal of lead from drinking water in public housing; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 3493. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve quality measurement and development; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. GILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 3494. A bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to improve Med-icaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program for low-income mothers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BARRASSO: S. 3495. A bill to provide certainty with re-spect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3496. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the de-termination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3497. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to eliminate a provision under the Medicare Advantage program that inadvertently penalizes Medicare Advantage plans for providing high quality care to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 3498. A bill to designate Federal election day as a public holiday; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3499. A bill to provide grants for projects to acquire land and water for parks and other outdoor recreation purposes and to de-velop new or renovate existing outdoor recreation facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. WARREN: S. 3500. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct pro-grams to address the usage of illicit drugs, particularly fentanyl, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. Res. 646. A resolution recognizing the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice on its 50th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 647. A resolution calling for the global repeal of blasphemy, heresy, and apos-tasy laws; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K ING, and Mr. R
ISCH): S. Res. 648. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 649. A resolution recognizing the contributions of American Viticultural Areas and winegrowing regions; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. CORNYN , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. Res. 650. A resolution recognizing the 1- year anniversary of Hurricane Harvey; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 651. A resolution marking 1 year since the landfall of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Is-lands; considered and agreed to. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 652. A resolution remembering the 1-year anniversary of the landfall of Hurri-cane Irma in Florida; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. Con. Res. 48. A concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalk-ing, and dating violence from emo-tional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recognition of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.008 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6305 September 25, 2018 
whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 928, a bill to prohibit, as an unfair or deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conver-sion therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2553, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2821 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2821, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who partici-pated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed veterans for pur-poses of the presumption of service- connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to increase the recruitment and retention of school-based mental health services providers by low-in-come local educational agencies. S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3020 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3020, a bill to establish in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes. 
S. 3049 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3049, a bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk-limiting audits in all Federal elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 3050 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3050, a bill to improve ex-ecutive agency digital services, and for other purposes. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recogni-tion of their extraordinary service dur-ing World War II. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign persons respon-sible for serious violations of inter-national law regarding the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3270 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3270, a bill to address the need for pilot development and encourage more individuals to enter the field of aviation, and for other purposes. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ), the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden and to post-humously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their con-tributions to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race. 
S. 3332 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3332, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the inclu-sion of certain fringe benefit expenses for which a deduction is disallowed in unrelated business taxable income. 
S. 3337 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3337, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and to provide access to school-based com-prehensive mental health programs. 
S. 3388 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3388, a bill to amend the Health In-surance Portability and Accountability Act. 
S. 3435 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3435, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to direct the Sec-retary of Education to issue guidance and recommendations for institutions of higher education on removing crimi-nal and juvenile justice questions from their application for admissions proc-ess. 
S. 3437 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3437, a bill to establish a Federal rotational cyber workforce program for the Federal cyber work-force. 
S. 3455 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3455, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to ensure that ZTE Corporation complies with all pro-bationary conditions set forth in the settlement agreement entered into be-tween ZTE Corporation and the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Depart-ment of Commerce. 
S. 3467 
At the request of Mr. J ONES , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.011 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6306 September 25, 2018 
MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3467, a bill to permanently reauthor-ize mandatory funding programs for historically Black colleges and univer-sities and other minority-serving insti-tutions. 
S. 3476 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3476, a bill to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/ AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria glob-ally, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 481 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 481, a resolution call-ing upon the leadership of the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 527 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 527, a resolution congratu-lating the people of Georgia on the 100th anniversary of its declaration of independence as a democratic republic and reaffirming the strength of the re-lationship between the United States and Georgia. 
S. RES. 631 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 631, a resolution rec-ognizing the 50th anniversary of the In-dian Civil Rights Act and voting rights for American Indian and Alaska Native communities across the country. 
S. RES. 632 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
AR-
RIS), the Senator from Washington (Mrs. MURRAY ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 632, a resolution designating September 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Workforce Development Month’’. At the request of Mr. H
ATCH , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 632, supra. 
S. RES. 633 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 633, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should take all appropriate measures to ensure that the United States Postal Service remains an independent estab-lishment of the Federal Government and is not subject to privatization. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3497. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to eliminate a provision under the Medicare Advan-tage program that inadvertently penal-izes Medicare Advantage plans for pro-viding high quality care to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the Medicare Advantage Quality Payment Relief Act will protect and enhance Medicare benefits by reversing a dam-aging policy created by the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. Obamacare attempted to provide bet-ter benefits for seniors and people with disabilities who are enrolled in the highest rated Medicare Advantage plans. But Obamacare also inadvert-ently limited these bonus payments from ever reaching beneficiaries by putting a cap on the payments, or benchmarks, that these Medicare plans receive. Now, 17,000 Montanans, and millions of Americans across the coun-try—are being denied the full scope of the Medicare benefits that they should be receiving. I’m glad to join with Senator Angus King of Maine to introduce legislation that reverses this ill-advised policy. Our bill protects Medicare benefits by removing the damaging limitation on payments to Medicare Advantage plans with a 4–star rating or higher. This leg-islation is crucial to ensuring that these top-rated Medicare Advantage plans are offered throughout Montana and our country. Nearly 20% of Medi-care beneficiaries in Montana, and one- third of Medicare enrollees nationwide, receive their Medicare coverage through Medicare Advantage plans. I’m pleased that our legislation en-joys strong support from diverse stake-holders, and I will continue to cham-pion this issue on behalf of seniors and people with disabilities in Montana who rely on Medicare Advantage for their Medicare coverage. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 646—RECOG-NIZING THE LAWYERS’ COM-MITTEE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS AND ECONOMIC JUSTICE ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 646 Whereas the Senate recognizes the invalu-able contributions to the advancement of civil rights made by the Lawyers’ Com-mittee for Civil Rights and Economic Jus-tice on the occasion of its 50th anniversary; Whereas the Boston, Massachusetts-based Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice was the first of 8 affiliated local committees of the national Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law (re-ferred to in this resolution as the ‘‘Lawyers’ Committee’’) and was followed by local af-filiates in the cities of Chicago, Illinois, Den-ver Colorado, Jackson, Mississippi, Los An-geles, California, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania, San Francisco, California, and Wash-ington, District of Columbia; Whereas the Lawyers’ Committee was founded in 1963 at the request of President John F. Kennedy to enlist the leadership and resources of private bars in combating racial discrimination and the resulting inequality of opportunity; Whereas Senator Robert F. Kennedy, as-sassinated 50 years ago as of June 2018, was also critical and central to the launch of the Lawyers’ Committee; Whereas the Lawyers’ Committee and its local affiliates organize pro bono services from private law firms to fight for numerous causes, including voting rights, criminal jus-tice, economic justice, environmental jus-tice, educational opportunities, fair housing and community development, and other civil rights matters; Whereas the Lawyers’ Committee and its local affiliates form the largest pro bono civil rights network in the world, working with over 150 national, regional, statewide, and local grassroots organizations and over 150 law firms; Whereas over the past 5 decades, the Law-yers’ Committee and its local affiliates have been on the front lines of the struggle for equal justice in the United States and around the world, with notable contributions including— (1) advancing the cause of the civil rights movement by pursuing cases involving vot-ing rights, racial segregation, education, economic justice, fair housing, criminal jus-tice, hate crimes, and more; (2) contributing to the enactment of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.) and the authorization of its subsequent extensions; (3) leading Election Protection, the Na-tion’s oldest and largest nonpartisan voter protection program to ensure greater access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.013 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6307 September 25, 2018 
to the ballot box for all people of the United States; (4) contributing to the enactment and en-forcement of the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.); (5) working to combat the scourge of hate crimes and racially motivated violence im-pacting communities; (6) joining the movement to end apartheid in the Republic of South Africa by fighting against human rights abuses and rep-resenting political dissidents in the courts for more than 30 years and through the open elections in 1994; (7) working to develop and enact the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–166; 105 Stat. 1071), which advanced the rights of workers in employment discrimination claims; and (8) joining relief efforts during the humani-tarian crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 by helping survivors navigate legal mat-ters, including government disaster assist-ance and insurance claims; and Whereas the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, in collaboration with its 8 local affiliates across the country, con-tinues to spearhead the struggle against ha-tred and oppression and pursue equal justice for all through the rule of law, particularly disenfranchised communities that are dis-proportionately comprised of the economi-cally disadvantaged and people of color: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Boston, Massachusetts- based Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice; and (2) expresses gratitude to the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law and all of its 8 local affiliates for their work to advance civil rights and their dedication to the pursuit of equal justice under the law. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 647—CALL-ING FOR THE GLOBAL REPEAL OF BLASPHEMY, HERESY, AND APOSTASY LAWS Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 647 Whereas Article 18 of the International Declaration of Human Rights states that ‘‘[e]veryone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in com-munity with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance’’; Whereas many countries continue to have criminal blasphemy laws and punish people who engage in expression deemed by the gov-ernment to be blasphemous, heretical, apos-tate, defamatory of religion, or insulting to religion or to religious symbols, figures, or feelings, and such punishment can include fines, imprisonment, and capital punishment including by beheading; Whereas blasphemy laws have affected Christians, Muslims, Hindus, Baha’i, secularists, and many other groups, and are inconsistent with international human rights standards because they establish and promote official religious orthodoxy and dogma over individual liberty, and often re-sult in violations of the freedoms of religion, thought, and expression that are protected under international instruments, including Articles 18 and 19 of the International Cov-enant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR); Whereas the United Nations Human Rights Committee stated in General Comment 34 that ‘‘[p]rohibitions of displays of lack of re-spect for a religion or other belief system, including blasphemy laws, are incompatible with the [ICCPR]’’; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) has found that blasphemy charges are often based on false accusations, are used for sec-tarian or political purposes, and foster reli-gious intolerance, discrimination, and vio-lence; Whereas the Pew Research Center has found that 44 countries had blasphemy laws as of 2012; Whereas these laws were present in 14 Mid-dle East and North African countries, 11 countries in the Americas, 9 Asia-Pacific countries, 7 European countries, and 3 Sub- Saharan African countries; Whereas the Pew Research Center also found that countries with laws against blas-phemy, apostasy, or defamation of religion were more likely to have severe govern-mental restrictions on religion, and to expe-rience social hostilities based on religion, than countries that did not have such laws; Whereas an international group of experts convened by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights rec-ommended in 2012 that ‘‘[s]tates that have blasphemy laws should repeal the[m] as such laws have a stifling impact on the enjoyment of freedom of religion or belief and healthy dialogue and debate about religion’’; Whereas blasphemy laws are inconsistent with United Nations resolutions adopted by consensus since 2011 recognizing that reli-gious intolerance is best fought through positive measures, such as education, out-reach, and counter-speech, and that crim-inalization of speech is warranted only for the prevention of imminent violence; Whereas, according to the annual religious freedom report published by the Department of State in 2015, attackers in Bangladesh killed five allegedly anti-Islamic or secularist writers and publishers, and injured three others; Whereas, in response to these killings, the Home Minister of Bangladesh, rather than condemning the murders, called on bloggers and others to refrain from writings that could hurt the religious feelings of others and added that violators of the warning would be subject to prosecution under the re-strictive religious freedom laws of Ban-gladesh; Whereas a 2016 report by USCIRF on Ban-gladesh found that religious and civil society groups fear that increasing religious extre-mism will result in more criminal attacks and threats; Whereas restrictive religious freedom laws validate and promote social violence tar-geted at religious minorities and dissenters, whether Christian, Muslim, secularist, or other; Whereas USCIRF has found that in Paki-stan, blasphemy laws have been used to pros-ecute and persecute Muslims, Christians, secularists, and others; Whereas, according to a Pew Center report on religion and public life, Pakistan stands out for having one of the highest levels of re-strictions on religion when both government restrictions and social hostilities are taken into account; Whereas USCIRF has found egregious ex-amples of the enforcement of blasphemy laws and vigilante violence connected to blasphemy allegations in Pakistan, where blasphemy charges are common and numer-ous individuals are in prison, with a high percentage sentenced to death or to life in prison; Whereas, as of February 2015, USCIRF is aware of 18 individuals on death row for blas-phemy in Pakistan and 20 serving life sen-tences; Whereas Asia Bibi was sentenced to death for blasphemy in 2010, and the Lahore High Court upheld the conviction in late 2014, and her case is on appeal to the Supreme Court of Pakistan; Whereas blasphemy laws in Pakistan have fostered a climate of impunity, as those who falsify evidence go unpunished and allega-tions often result in violent mob attacks or assassinations, with little to no police re-sponse; Whereas, in 2017, the Christian Governor of Jakarta, Indonesia, was convicted for blas-phemy of Islam and sentenced to two years in jail; Whereas the application of blasphemy laws is on the rise in Europe; Whereas blasphemy laws in the United States were invalidated by the adoption of the First Amendment to the Constitution, which protects the freedoms of thought, con-science, expression, and religious exercise; and Whereas the United States has become a beacon of religious freedom and tolerance around the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes that blasphemy, heresy, and apostasy laws inappropriately position gov-ernments as arbiters of religious truth and empower officials to impose religious dogma on individuals or minorities through the power of the government or through violence sanctioned by the government; (2) calls on the President and the Secretary of State to make the repeal of blasphemy, heresy, and apostasy laws a priority in the bilateral relationships of the United States with all countries that have such laws, through direct interventions in bilateral and multilateral fora; (3) encourages the President and the Sec-retary of State to oppose— (A) any efforts, by the United Nations or by other international or multilateral fora, to create an international anti-blasphemy norm, such as the ‘‘defamation of religions’’ resolutions introduced in the United Nations between 1999 and 2010; and (B) any attempts to expand the inter-national norm on incitement to include blas-phemy or defamation of religions; (4) supports efforts by the United Nations to combat intolerance, discrimination, or vi-olence against persons based on religion or belief without restricting expression, includ-ing United Nations Human Rights Council Resolution 16/18 (2011) and the Istanbul Proc-ess meetings pursuant to such resolution, that are consistent with the First Amend-ment to the Constitution; (5) calls on the President and the Secretary of State to designate countries that enforce blasphemy, heresy, or apostasy laws as ‘‘countries of particular concern for religious freedom’’ under section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)(A)(ii)) for engaging in or tolerating severe violations of religious free-dom, as a result of the abuses flowing from the enforcement of such laws and from unpunished vigilante violence often gen-erated by blasphemy allegations; (6) urges the governments of countries that enforce blasphemy, heresy, or apostasy laws to amend or repeal such laws, as they pro-vide pretext and impunity for vigilante vio-lence against religious minorities; and (7) urges the governments of countries that have prosecuted, imprisoned, and persecuted people on charges of blasphemy, heresy, or apostasy to release such people uncondition-ally and, once released, to ensure their safe-ty and that of their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.018 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6308 September 25, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 648—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘PULMONARY FIBROSIS AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. K ING, and Mr. R ISCH) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 648 Whereas pulmonary fibrosis is a debili-tating and ultimately fatal lung condition that causes progressive scarring in the lungs and has no definitive cause; Whereas as many as 200,000 individuals in the United States are known to suffer from pulmonary fibrosis, the majority of whom are aged 50 and older; Whereas the average life expectancy from the diagnosis of the idiopathic form of pul-monary fibrosis is just 2.8 years, and as many as 80 percent of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis patients die within 5 years of diag-nosis; Whereas pulmonary fibrosis takes the lives of 40,000 or more individuals in the United States each year—approximately 1 indi-vidual every 13 minutes; Whereas many patients afflicted with pul-monary fibrosis are misdiagnosed for 1 year or longer after the patients are presenting with pulmonary fibrosis symptoms; Whereas, as of July 2018, there are no con-firmed biomarkers for screening and testing for pulmonary fibrosis; Whereas a cure, treatment, or drug to halt the fibrotic process in pulmonary fibrosis does not yet exist; Whereas the symptoms of pulmonary fibro-sis vary from person to person and include shortness of breath, a dry cough, fatigue, weight loss, and aching muscles and joints; Whereas volunteers, researchers, care-givers, and medical professionals are work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals with pulmonary fibrosis and for the families of those individuals; and Whereas developing more effective treat-ments for pulmonary fibrosis and providing access to quality care to individuals with pulmonary fibrosis requires increased re-search, education, and community support services: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2018 as ‘‘Pul-monary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Pul-monary Fibrosis Awareness Month; (3) continues to support more robust and accelerated research to develop more effec-tive treatments for pulmonary fibrosis and to ultimately find a cure for the disease; (4) recognizes the courage and contribu-tions of individuals with pulmonary fibrosis who participate in vital clinical trials to ad-vance the knowledge of the disease; and (5) commends the dedication of organiza-tions, volunteers, researchers, and millions of individuals in the United States and abroad working to improve the quality of life for individuals with pulmonary fibrosis and the families of those individuals. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 649—RECOG-NIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF AMERICAN VITICULTURAL AREAS AND WINEGROWING RE-GIONS Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 649 Whereas wineries and vintners in the United States contribute to the economic and cultural life of the United States; Whereas the economic contributions of wineries and vintners in the United States are significant and expansive, and are attrib-utable to the activities of growers, suppliers, researchers, marketers, wholesalers, dis-tributors, retailers, and others; Whereas the wine industry in the United States is estimated to have directly and indi-rectly generated more than $219,000,000,000 for the economy of the United States in 2017; Whereas there are more than 10,000 wineries operating in all 50 States; Whereas many of those wineries are small businesses and family owned; Whereas the wine industry directly em-ploys nearly 1,000,000 people in the United States and supports nearly 300,000 jobs in in-dustries that supply goods and services to winegrowers and wineries; Whereas the wages earned by people di-rectly employed by wineries and the wine in-dustry totaled more than $33,000,000,000 in 2017; Whereas wineries and wine regions drive economic activity through the production, distribution, and sale of wine, and attract substantial tourism-related interest and spending; Whereas wine regions in the United States host more than 43,000,000 tourists and gen-erate nearly $18,000,000,000 in tourism ex-penditures each year; Whereas wine tourism supported 375,000 jobs that paid more than $10,000,000,000 in wages in 2017; Whereas an American Viticultural Area (referred to in this preamble as an ‘‘AVA’’) is a designated wine-growing region in the United States that has distinguishing fea-tures that affect viticulture, including cli-mate, geology, soil, physical features, and elevation; Whereas 2018 marks the 40th anniversary of the publication of the Decision of the De-partment of the Treasury to establish the AVA designation system; Whereas the first AVA was approved on June 20, 1980, in Augusta, Missouri; Whereas the State of Missouri— (1) has a history of wine production that dates back to the first half of the 19th cen-tury; and (2) is part of 5 AVAs, including the Her-mann, Loess Hills District, Ozark Highlands, and Ozark Mountain areas; Whereas the first AVA in the State of Or-egon was approved on December 1, 1983, as the Willamette Valley AVA; Whereas the State of Oregon— (1) has a history of growing wine grapes that dates back to 1847; and (2) is part of the following 18 AVAs: the Ap-plegate Valley, Chehalem Mountains, Colum-bia Gorge, Columbia Valley, Dundee Hills, Elkton Oregon, Eola-Amity Hills, McMinnville, Red Hill Douglas County, Rib-bon Ridge, the Rocks District of Milton- Freewater, Rogue Valley, Snake River Val-ley, Southern Oregon, Umpqua Valley, Walla Walla Valley, Willamette Valley, and Yamhill-Carlton District areas; Whereas, as of August 15, 2018, there are 242 AVAs in the United States, which are lo-cated in the following 33 States: Arizona, Ar-kansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Missouri, Maryland, Mas-sachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mis-sissippi, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin; Whereas at least 85 percent of a wine must be derived from grapes grown within the boundaries of an AVA in order to use the AVA name on the label for that wine; Whereas an AVA designation— (1) allows vintners to describe more accu-rately the origin of the wine; (2) helps vintners build and enhance the reputation and value of the wine produced; (3) allows consumers to attribute a given quality, reputation, or other characteristic to a wine made from grapes grown in an AVA; and (4) helps consumers identify wines to pur-chase; Whereas an appellation of origin, such as an AVA designation, can assist wine pro-ducers in the United States in establishing distinctive names of places in the United States in global markets and create valuable export opportunities; Whereas wine exports generated more than $1,600,000,000 for producers in the United States in 2017, which is a 4-fold increase over the past 20 years; Whereas the protection of an AVA term, or other appellation of origin, in a foreign coun-try helps vintners effectively promote prod-ucts and increases awareness of the region of origin; Whereas the wine industry of the United States is growing and accounts for 10 percent of global wine production; Whereas wine-growing regions and wine growers in the United States— (1) contribute to the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) enhance the cultural prestige of the United States by developing and sharing wines that are recognized throughout the world; Whereas consumers in the United States have benefitted from the rich diversity and extraordinary quality of wines and wine- growing regions in the United States; and Whereas responsibly enjoying wine often serves to enhance the richness of life and brings family and friends closer together: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the significant contributions made by wines and distinctive wine-growing regions in the United States to the economic and cultural life of the United States; (2) recognizes the value created in domes-tic and foreign markets by promoting wines from distinctive wine-growing regions in the United States, including wines protected by an American Viticultural Area designation or other appellation of origin; and (3) supports efforts to promote awareness of and appreciation for distinctive wine- growing regions in the United States both in the United States and abroad. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 650—RECOG-NIZING THE 1-YEAR ANNIVER-SARY OF HURRICANE HARVEY Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. K ENNEDY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 650 Whereas, on August 25, 2017, Hurricane Harvey reached the shores of the United States and wreaked havoc on the States of Texas and Louisiana; Whereas, because of Hurricane Harvey, the President issued a major disaster declaration with respect to Texas on August 25, 2017, and with respect to Louisiana on August 28, 2017; Whereas Hurricane Harvey was directly re-sponsible for the deaths of not less than 68 individuals in Texas; Whereas, according to the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.020 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6309 September 25, 2018 
estimate of the damage caused by Hurricane Harvey is $125,000,000,000; Whereas, according to the National Hurri-cane Center, during Hurricane Harvey— (1) Texas experienced as much as 60.58 inches of rain; (2) Louisiana experienced as much as 23.71 inches of rain; (3) more than 300,000 structures and as many as 500,000 cars flooded in southeastern Texas alone; (4) an estimated 336,000 customers lost power during Hurricane Harvey in Texas and Louisiana; and (5) an estimated 40,000 flood survivors were evacuated to, or took refuge in, shelters across Texas or Louisiana; Whereas, according to the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, as a result of Hurricane Harvey— (1) 41,5000 square miles of land mass in Texas were impacted; (2) more than 100,000 search and rescue missions were conducted across Texas by Federal, State, and local partners; (3) 12,000,000 cubic yards of storm debris were removed in Texas; (4) more than 200,000 single-family homes were flooded across the State of Texas, many of which were not in high-risk areas; (5) 294 shelters were opened in Texas, hold-ing up to 42,399 survivors; and (6) approximately 82 volunteer organiza-tions with a total of 91,391 volunteers oper-ated in Texas to provide assistance in re-sponse to the storm; Whereas the Gulf Coast of Texas suffered sweeping economic losses due to closures of businesses and ports and interruptions in oil and gas production, trade, and tourism caused by Hurricane Harvey; Whereas thousands of businesses were dam-aged due to Hurricane Harvey, which caused some businesses to close for a period of time and other businesses to close indefinitely; Whereas Hurricane Harvey caused an esti-mated $200,000,000 in crop and cattle loss in Texas; Whereas Hurricane Harvey resulted in the closure of countless schools due to flooding, power outages, and dangerous conditions; Whereas school closures caused by Hurri-cane Harvey disrupted the academic school year for thousands of students and forced teachers to relocate classrooms to less favor-able learning environments; Whereas doctors, nurses, and other medical personnel worked expeditiously to provide care and ensure that patients were safe under extreme circumstances; Whereas volunteer organizations and char-ities continue to assist survivors of Hurri-cane Harvey with food, water, and shelter; Whereas thousands of volunteers and Fed-eral, State, and local government employees from across the United States continue to assist with long-term recovery needs and ef-forts; and Whereas significant challenges remain in Texas and Louisiana as those States work to recover, rebuild, and prepare for potential fu-ture disasters: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 1-year anniversary of Hurricane Harvey, which reached the shores of the United States on August 25, 2017; (2) expresses condolences to the victims of Hurricane Harvey; (3) commends the resiliency and courage of the people of Texas and Louisiana; (4) applauds the work and commitment of Federal, State, and local partners, law en-forcement officers, active duty members of the Armed Forces, members of the National Guard and Reserves, first responders, and brave citizens who went into harm’s way to save countless lives in the aftermath of Hur-ricane Harvey and who have provided sup-port during the past year; and (5) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to stand by the people of Texas and Lou-isiana and to provide necessary resources as the people of Texas and Louisiana rebuild their communities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 651—MARK-ING 1 YEAR SINCE THE LAND-FALL OF HURRICANE MARIA IN PUERTO RICO AND THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 651 Whereas, on September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria passed through the United States Vir-gin Islands as a category 5 hurricane and made landfall in Puerto Rico as a category 4 hurricane, causing significant devastation across those islands; Whereas the people of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands have shown an incredible and resilient spirit in rebuilding after their record losses; Whereas Hurricane Maria contributed to an estimated 2,975 deaths in Puerto Rico; Whereas the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration estimates that Hurri-cane Maria caused an estimated $90,000,000,000 in damage to Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, making Hurricane Maria the third-costliest hurri-cane in United States history; Whereas, as a result of Hurricane Maria— (1) 3,300,000 residents of Puerto Rico were left without electrical power; (2) 95 percent of cellular sites were knocked out; (3) 80 percent of water service was inoper-able; and (4) thousands of Puerto Ricans were dis-placed from their homes and relocated to the mainland United States; Whereas significant challenges remain in recovery and rebuilding efforts in Puerto Rico 1 year after Hurricane Maria hit; Whereas Congress appropriated billions of dollars with the specific purpose of directly helping the citizens of Puerto Rico to rebuild their lives in the aftermath of the hurricane; Whereas the electrical grid on the island of Puerto Rico remains unreliable and suscep-tible to intermittent brownouts and black-outs; and Whereas many Puerto Ricans continue to be displaced without access to permanent housing both on the island of Puerto Rico and on the mainland: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes that September 20, 2018, marks 1 year since the landfall of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico; (2) honors the victims who lost their lives due to Hurricane Maria; (3) commends the resiliency of those still rebuilding their lives after Hurricane Maria; (4) recognizes the continued challenges fac-ing Puerto Rico and the United States Vir-gin Islands in the wake of Hurricane Maria; (5) commits to ensuring that survivors of Hurricane Maria have adequate resources to continue the recovery process; (6) extols the work of first responders and citizens who contributed to saving countless lives in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria; and (7) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to support the people of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands as they con-tinue to rebuild and recover from the devas-tation of Hurricane Maria. f SENATE RESOLUTION 652—REMEM-BERING THE 1-YEAR ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LANDFALL OF HURRICANE IRMA IN FLORIDA Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 652 Whereas, on September 10, 2017, Hurricane Irma reached the shores of Florida and caused significant devastation across the State; Whereas, due to Hurricane Irma, the Presi-dent issued a major disaster declaration with respect to Florida on September 10, 2017; Whereas Hurricane Irma contributed to the confirmed deaths of 84 individuals in Florida; Whereas, as a result of Hurricane Irma— (1) nearly 13,000,000 people in Florida were left without electrical power; (2) an estimated 90 percent of the homes in the Florida Keys were damaged or destroyed; (3) the citrus industry of Florida suffered significant crop and income losses, with some growers experiencing crop losses of 90 percent or more; (4) the maritime culture of Florida has been severely impacted, including— (A) the disruption of commercial fishing, trapping, and aquaculture; (B) the loss of recreational fishing oppor-tunities for residents and tourists; (C) widespread marine debris limiting safe navigation in waterways and channels; and (D) reports of more than 850 displaced or sunken vessels; and (5) the total estimated insurance losses in Florida have exceeded $10,000,000,000; Whereas, according to the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, the estimate of the damage caused by Hurricane Irma is $50,000,000,000; Whereas the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency has paid out more than $950,000,000 in flood insurance claims as a re-sult of Hurricane Irma; and Whereas significant challenges still exist in Florida to recover, rebuild, and prepare for future storms: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 1-year anniversary of the landfall of Hurricane Irma in Florida; (2) honors victims who lost their lives due to Hurricane Irma; (3) commends the resiliency of those still rebuilding their lives after Hurricane Irma; (4) commits to ensuring that survivors of Hurricane Irma have adequate resources to continue the recovery process; (5) extols the work of Federal, State, and local partners, first responders, and citizens who contributed to saving countless lives in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma; and (6) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to support the people of Florida and pro-vide resources as needed to assist commu-nities striving to return to normalcy after Hurricane Irma. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 48—DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1551 Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.029 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6310 September 25, 2018 
concurrent resolution; which was con-sidered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 48 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 1551, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing corrections: (1) Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes.’’. (2) In section 1(a), strike ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch’’ and insert ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch–Bob Goodlatte’’. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator R
ONWYDEN , intend to ob-ject to proceeding to the nomination of Michael Faulkender, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treas-ury, dated August 1, 2018. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 25, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Gen-eral Robert B. Abrams, USA, to be General, and to be Commander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, and Vice Admiral Craig S. Faller, USN, to be Admiral, and to be Commander, United States Southern Command. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Sep-tember 25, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Dep-uty Administrator, and Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, and Mark Mont-gomery, of Virginia, both to be an As-sistant Administrator, all of the United States Agency for International Development. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Every Student Succeeds Act: States Leading the Way.’’ COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 25, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Health Care in Rural America: Exam-ining Experiences and Costs.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, August 01, 2018, at 2.30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
REDESIGNATING A FACILITY OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 3389 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3389) to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3389) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3389 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF NASA INDE-PENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALI-DATION FACILITY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Inde-pendent Verification and Validation Facility in Fairmont, West Virginia, is hereby redes-ignated as the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Inde-pendent Verification and Validation Facil-ity’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the fa-cility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Independent Verification and Vali-dation Facility’’. f 
TRANSIT RAIL INSPECTION PRACTICES ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 3139 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3139) to require State safety over-sight agencies to conduct safety inspections of public transportation systems that pro-vide rail fixed guideway public transpor-tation and to direct the Secretary of Trans-portation to develop risk-based inspection guidance for such agencies, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 3139) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 3139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transit Rail Inspection Practices Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘TRIP Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY IN-SPECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) consideration, where appropriate, of performance-based and risk-based meth-odologies.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
LAN UPDATES .—The Secretary shall update the national public transportation safety plan under paragraph (1) as nec-essary.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) E
FFECTIVENESS OF ENFORCEMENT AU -
THORITIES AND PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall develop and disseminate to State safety oversight agencies the process and method-ology that the Secretary will use to monitor the effectiveness of the enforcement authori-ties and practices of State safety oversight agencies.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) I
NSPECTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
NSPECTION ACCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State safety oversight program shall provide the State safety over-sight agency established by the program with the authority and capability to enter the facilities of each rail fixed guideway pub-lic transportation system that the State safety oversight agency oversees to inspect infrastructure, equipment, records, per-sonnel, and data, including the data that the rail fixed guideway public transportation agency collects when identifying and evalu-ating safety risks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.024 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6311 September 25, 2018 
‘‘(B) P OLICES AND PROCEDURES .—A State safety oversight agency, in consultation with each rail fixed guideway public trans-portation agency that the State safety over-sight agency oversees, shall establish poli-cies and procedures regarding the access of the State safety oversight agency to conduct inspections of the rail fixed guideway public transportation system, including access for inspections that occur without advance no-tice to the rail fixed guideway public trans-portation agency. ‘‘(2) D
ATA COLLECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A rail fixed guideway public transportation agency shall provide the applicable State safety oversight agency with the data that the rail fixed guideway public transportation agency collects when identifying and evaluating safety risks, in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—A State safety oversight agency shall establish poli-cies and procedures for collecting data de-scribed in subparagraph (A) from a rail fixed guideway public transportation agency, in-cluding with respect to frequency of collec-tion, that is commensurate with the size and complexity of the rail fixed guideway public transportation system. ‘‘(3) I
NCORPORATION .—Policies and proce-dures established under this subsection shall be incorporated into— ‘‘(A) the State safety oversight program standard adopted by a State safety oversight agency under section 674.27 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor reg-ulation); and ‘‘(B) the public transportation agency safe-ty plan established by a rail fixed guideway public transportation agency under sub-section (d). ‘‘(4) A
SSESSMENT BY SECRETARY .—In assess- ing the capability of a State safety oversight agency to conduct inspections as required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall en-sure that— ‘‘(A) the inspection practices of the State safety oversight agency are commensurate with the number, size, and complexity of the rail fixed guideway public transportation systems that the State safety oversight agency oversees; ‘‘(B) the inspection program of the State safety oversight agency is risk-based; and ‘‘(C) the State safety oversight agency has sufficient resources to conduct the inspec-tions. ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL DIRECTIVE .—The Secretary shall issue a special directive to each State safety oversight agency on the development and implementation of risk-based inspection programs under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may use any authority under this section, includ-ing any enforcement action authorized under subsection (g), to ensure the compliance of a State safety oversight agency or State safe-ty oversight program with this subsection.’’. (b) D
EADLINE ; EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) S
PECIAL DIRECTIVE ON RISK -BASED IN -
SPECTION PROGRAMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue each special directive required under section 5329(l)(5) of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) I
NSPECTION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 5329(l) of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to a State safety oversight agency on and after the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Secretary issues the spe-cial directive to the State safety oversight agency under paragraph (5) of such section 5329(l). (c) NOEFFECT ON INITIAL CERTIFICATION  P
ROCESS .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to affect the requirements for ini-tial approval of a State safety oversight pro-gram, including the initial deadline, under section 5329(e)(3) of title 49, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. FUNDING FOR STATE SAFETY OVERSIGHT PROGRAM GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5336(h)(4) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘0.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.75 per-cent’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year there-after. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 4958 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4958) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4958) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 648, 649, 650, 651, and 652. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the resolutions en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on adoption of the resolutions en bloc. The resolutions were agreed to. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the pre-ambles be agreed to and that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1551 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 48. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 48) directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make corrections in the en-rollment of H.R. 1551. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 48) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 26; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Feldman nomina-tion under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.036 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6312 September 25, 2018 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:10 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 26, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 25, 2018: 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
PETER A. FELDMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 26, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.027 S25SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1287 September 25, 2018 
BARREN RIVER AREA DEVELOPMENT DISTRICT (BRADD) 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Barren River Area Development District (BRADD) for their fifty years of service and dedication to the betterment of Western Kentucky communities. Since 1968, BRADD staff has assisted local economic leaders in securing federal funding for developing projects in each of the ten counties they serve, including five within the First Congres-sional District of Kentucky. I am grateful for every staff member who has committed themselves to promoting eco-nomic and community development. The com-bination of their entrepreneurial spirits and sustained dedication to public service has not only enhanced the lives of individuals in the region, but has spurred economic opportuni-ties and growth throughout the Common-wealth. This significant milestone is a testament to their steadfast influence on the surrounding area and a recognition of their esteemed record of excellence. I join with those they have diligently served their fellow citizens throughout the last five decades and look for-ward to many more years of continued suc-cess from this outstanding organization. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HOLLYWOOD SUNSET FREE CLINIC ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic upon its 50th anniversary. Since its inception in 1968, the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic has been providing free healthcare services for the uninsured and low income of the Los Angeles community. This remarkable clinic offers a wide range of invalu-able services, including women’s and chil-dren’s healthcare, general medicine, coun-seling therapy, HIV screening and education, laser tattoo removal for high risk youth, acu-puncture, and clothing and food for the home-less. I also want to recognize the phenomenal physicians, nurses, counselors, medical and clerical assistants, without whom the Holly-wood Sunset Free Clinic would be unable to carry out this essential work. The time, skills, and training graciously donated by these out-standing volunteers have allowed the clinic to provide over 30,000 patient and client visits a year. In addition to providing free healthcare serv-ices, the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic is also the home of the Cara A Cara Latino HIV/AIDS Project, which conducts outreach and commu-nity education to high risk populations. This project was one of the first of its kind and served as the impetus for others to follow. I firmly believe, along with the clinic’s board of directors, volunteers, and staff, that healthcare is a right, not a privilege, and I ap-plaud the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic for ful-filling this belief by providing critical care to the needy. The assistance that the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic has provided to the community is immeasurable, and the residents of the Los Angeles area have benefited greatly from their exceptional efforts. At this time, I ask all mem-bers of Congress to join with me in proudly commending the Hollywood Sunset Free Clinic for its fifty years of dedicated service to the Los Angeles community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BICENTENNIAL YEAR OF THE TOWN OF MADI-SON, NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the town of Madison, North Carolina as they celebrate the town’s bicentennial year. Located in western Rockingham county, Madi-son is full of rich history and embodies the in-tegrity and charm of the sixth district. As Madi-son continues its bicentennial festival, I want to congratulate Mayor David Myers, the Board of Aldermen, and the citizens of Madison on this incredible milestone. North Carolina is one of only 24 other states that can claim a city or town with a bicentennial trademark, and I am proud to represent such a joyous community. I offer my sincere congratulations to the town of Madison on its 200th anniversary and join in celebration of the town’s unique history, as well as its prosperous future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 16TH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONAL FIRE AND RES-CUE AND EMS AWARDS 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fire and Rescue and EMS per-sonnel who have provided distinguished serv-ice to the people of Florida’s 16th Congres-sional District. As first responders, fire departments and emergency medical service teams are sum-moned on short notice to serve their respec-tive communities. Oftentimes, they arrive at scenes of great adversity and trauma, to which they reliably bring strength and composure. These brave men and women spend hundreds of hours in training so that they are prepared when they get ‘‘the call.’’ In 2012, I established the 16th District Con-gressional Fire and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor officers, departments and units for outstanding achievement. On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th District, it is my privilege to congratulate the following winners, who were selected this year by an independent committee comprised of a cross section of current and retired Fire and Rescue personnel living in the district: Division Chief Randy Bach, Quality Assur-ance Officer Derek Butler, Chief Leslie Karen Davidson, Captain Aaron Gross, Bat-talion Chief John Perez and Division Chief of Special Operations Robert Collins of the Hillsborough County Fire Rescue received Career Service Awards. Deputy Gabriel Bogart, Deputy Chad Rich-ards, Detective Charles Butler, Detective Seamus Dwyer and Detective Scott Durocher of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office re-ceived the Associate Service Award. Deputy Carmine Luper of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office received the Preser-vation of Life Award. Captain James ‘‘Troy’’ Onan of the Hillsborough County Fire Rescue received the Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award. Battalion Chief Richard T. Losek of the West Manatee Fire & Rescue District re-ceived the Career Service Award. Captain Brian Kehoe of the Sarasota Coun-ty Fire EMS Operations received the Career Service Award. District Chief Keith Lock of the Manatee County EMS received the Career Service Award. f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN RELIEF SERVICES CHARITIES 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Christian Relief Services Charities, an international charitable organization located in Alexandria, Virginia, for its 33-year history making a difference for hundreds of thousands of children and their families in America and abroad. Christian Relief Services Charities has al-ways had one overriding goal: connecting with those in need, caring for them, and making a sustainable difference in their lives. Working through local churches and civic organizations, they strive to give fellow Americans and others a ‘‘hand up, not a handout.’’ Christian Relief Services Charities’ aid spans from the struggling towns of Appalachia to the desolate plains of the Native American Indian Reservations in South Dakota as well as children’s homes and medical clinics in the poorest countries in Africa. Specifically, the or-ganization’s aid seeks to ensure that people have not gone to bed hungry, are able to heat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.001 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1288 September 25, 2018 
their home, have clean water to drink, receive lifesaving medical care, and finish school to obtain good jobs. Christian Relief Services Charities is a fam-ily of nonprofits focused on long-term develop-ment and self-sufficiency by providing impov-erished children and their families with the ne-cessities of food, clothing, decent living condi-tions, and access to education and healthcare. Through its affiliate programs, Christian Re-lief Services Charities delivers many basic commodities we take for granted. For families, including Veterans and the disabled, they pro-vide warm winter clothing, medicine, medical equipment, safe water systems, housing, ma-terials for home repair, and equipment for or-ganic gardens. For children specifically, their programs provide books, school supplies, fund youth programs such as summer lunch buses, camps, after-school enrichment classes, project grants to Native American youth and teachers seeking to improve their communities and other programs that build self-esteem. Working in partnership with public and pri-vate non-profit agencies, Christian Relief Serv-ices Charities provides over 3900 units of af-fordable, transitional and permanent housing, and resident related services in Virginia, Ari-zona, Kansas, Texas, Ohio and Iowa to per-sons with very low to moderate incomes, chronic mentally and physically ill adults, homeless families and individuals. In Northern Virginia, Christian Relief Services Charities of-fers a program that provides transitional hous-ing to victims of domestic violence and their children, with victim advocacy therapy and case management support. Christian Relief Services Charities is highly esteemed throughout the country and is one of the original accredited charities of the Better Business Bureau having consistently met their rigorous standards of excellence. As great as our Nation is, poverty and need sadly still exist. It is comforting to know that, for a third of a century, Christian Relief Serv-ices Charities has been making an impactful difference in the lives of many people in the 8th Congressional District, American Indian Country, Appalachia, and across the United States. Each day the number of served grows. I commend Christian Relief Services Charities for its service to humanity and thank them for making the world a less harsh place, feeding those who are hungry, providing housing and medical supplies to the homeless and sick, and giving hope to those who had none. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF SHERIFF DAVID GOULD 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cayuga County Sheriff David Gould on his retirement after nearly fifty years of service to our community. Mr. Gould joined the New York State Police in 1970 after serving in the U.S. Army. Fol-lowing his 34-year career with the New York State Police, Mr. Gould worked as a Special Investigator for the Seneca County District At-torney’s Office. In November 2006, Mr. Gould was elected Cayuga County Sheriff. Since January 1, 2007 he has served as the County’s Chief Law En-forcement Officer, leading an office of nearly 200 employees. After 48 years in law enforce-ment, Sheriff Gould will retire at the end of his term in 2018. Spending nearly his entire career keeping communities safe, David Gould is truly a model public servant. Mr. Gould has put his service to the community above partisan poli-tics. Since his election as Sheriff, Mr. Gould has worked tirelessly to combat the heroin epi-demic, pursue human traffickers, and crack down on domestic abuse. His department has instituted and documented almost 50 new ini-tiatives including the creation of two sub-stations for the Sheriff’s department in Cato and Moravia, ensuring the Cayuga County Sheriff’s Department has representation in both northern and southern portions of the re-gion. During his tenure, the Cayuga County Sheriff’s Department has strengthened its rela-tionship with members of the Auburn, Moravia, Port Byron and Weedsport Police Depart-ments, the New York State Police Department, the FBI, the Secret Service, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Attorney’s Office. I join members of my community in thanking Sheriff Gould for his career of public service, and wish him the best in retirement. f 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING SWAMI VIVEKANANDA 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I remember and honor the life of Swami Vivekananda, who passed away on July 4, 1902 at the age of 39. Born as Narendranath Datta in the city of Kolkata, Swami Vivekananda played a key role in introducing the philosophical and spir-itual underpinnings of Hinduism to the West-ern world. Swami Vivekananda’s philosophies were shaped by the teachings found in Hindu scriptures, and by the writings of western thinkers including David Hume and John Stu-art Mill. Swami Vivekananda taught that no re-ligion has a monopoly on the truth, and that there is no virtue higher than ahimsa, the con-cept of non-violence. In the West, Swami Vivekananda is best re-membered for a speech he delivered on Sep-tember 11, 1893 at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago, Illinois. Opening his re-marks with the words ‘‘Sisters and Brothers of America,’’ Swami Vivekananda spoke at length about Hindu spirituality, religious toler-ance and the dangers inherent in sectarianism and extremism. His appearance at the World Parliament awakened an interest in Hinduism that led to speaking tours by Swami Vivekananda and the establishment of Ve-danta centers throughout the United States and Europe. Swami Vivekananda’s teachings of religious tolerance, understanding and the universality of the human experience are as relevant today as when he delivered his famous address in Chicago 125 years ago. As a United States Representative from the Chicago area and as a Hindu-American, I want to recognize the 125th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago Speech and celebrate the life of this eminent international spiritual leader. f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMIE WOLFE 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Jamie Wolfe a native Delawarean who dedicated her life to advocacy and influencing public policy in order to create independence for people in the disability community. Jamie was born with Arthrogryposis. Due to the severity of this muscular disorder, Jamie was never able to develop muscle in her arms or legs. With the support of her parents and loved ones, Jamie was dedicated to living a ‘‘normal’’ life and overcoming each obstacle she faced. She never met a challenge she didn’t attack head on. Jamie devoted her life to passing important legislation that would help empower those with disabilities and create the opportunity they de-serve. Jamie’s main goal was to help people who are disabled to gain independence in their everyday life. Through meaningful legisla-tion, education, and advocacy Jamie achieved significant change that made many lives bet-ter. More than that, she made my life better. Her unwavering support of the issues she be-lieved in was more than inspiring, it was para-mount to the success of thousands of Dela-wareans and our state was made better for her work. Please join me in extending our condo-lences to the entire Wolfe family. I hope that time and memories will help lessen the burden of their sorrow, and that they may draw some measure of comfort knowing that others care and celebrate her life and legacy. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF MARION COUNTY COM-MISSION ON YOUTH 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Marion County Commission on Youth, whose tireless work over the past twenty-five years has benefited countless youth and families in my hometown of Indian-apolis. Marion County Commission on Youth (MCCOY) champions the positive develop-ment of youth through leadership on key issues and support of those directly serving young people. As an intermediary organiza-tion, MCCOY focuses on developing the high- level, strategic partnerships and supports needed for youth to thrive. This vital work is accomplished in four key pillars: Advocacy on issues impacting young people and their fami-lies; capacity-building programming for youth service providers; convening opportunities for service providers and community leaders; and resources to connect young people and fami-lies to programming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.005 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1289 September 25, 2018 
MCCOY acts as a catalyst for the positive development of youth in Marion County. Com-mitted to partnerships and youth empower-ment, the organization works alongside the nonprofit, business, and government sectors as well as young people themselves to en-courage and nurture a landscape of robust youth development programming. For more than a decade, MCCOY has engaged local stakeholders in generating and supporting em-ployment skills-building and work opportunities for Indianapolis young people. Today, the or-ganization is a leading partner of Project Indy a project of the City of Indianapolis which gives thousands of local young people job ex-perience and skills during the summer months. MCCOY has also played an important role in my own Youth Opportunities Fair, connecting young people with organizations providing work, volunteer, and other enrichment oppor-tunities. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Marion County Commission on Youth for its efforts to ensure every young person in central Indiana has opportunities to thrive, learn, engage, and contribute. 
f 
COLORADO MESA UNIVERSITY HOCKEY TEAM AWARD TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Colorado Mesa University Hock-ey Team for recently being awarded the Amer-ican Collegiate Hockey Association National Community Service Award for 2017–2018. The American Collegiate Hockey Association chose them as their annual winner for their unwavering commitment to community service outreach. The players and staff have organized and participated in numerous community outreach events. In 2017, they put together the 1st An-nual Sledge Hockey Event for Disabled Vet-erans done in conjunction with the Grand Junction Veterans Administration (VA) Hospital as well as the 2nd Annual ‘‘Pink the Rink’’ Cancer Charity Game. In 2018, they led the 2nd Annual Grand Junction Coyotes Youth Hockey Outreach and the 4th Annual Hilltop Youth Home free entrance and VIP Treatment Event. One of their greatest achievements was raising $13,500 for cancer research, which beat their last year total of $10,000. All of the proceeds were donated to the St. Mary’s Hos-pital Cancer Survivorship Program, which helps cancer survivors develop a care plan with their doctor to help them maintain their health once their treatment has concluded. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have these in-credible students representing Colorado Mesa University and the people of the Third Con-gressional District in Western Colorado. They have proven themselves to be exemplary stu-dents and upstanding citizens in the Grand Junction community. I wish them luck in the future endeavors, and I am eager to see what they will accomplish going forward. IN RECOGNITION OF BRENDA SUDDUTH LEWIS HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Brenda Sudduth Lewis, recipient of the Community Builder’s Award presented by Westmoreland Masonic Lodge No. 212 in Westmoreland County, Virginia. Brenda, a native of Westmoreland County, is a graduate of the local public schools and of Rappahannock Community College where she excelled as a nursing student. After grad-uation and after receiving her license, Brenda was employed for many years by Medical Fa-cilities of America in Warsaw, Virginia pro-viding high-quality patient-focused geriatric nursing care to members of the community. Later, Brenda started work at Haynesville Correctional Center in Haynesville, Virginia. In her new position, Brenda transitioned to foren-sic nursing and has always provided the high-est-quality services to those in her care and is a respected expert on the provision of medical care in a correctional setting. Aside from her healthcare work and family commitments involving two children, Brenda is highly active in the community. She has volun-teered her medical expertise and experience in service to the community as a member of the Callao Volunteer Rescue Squad in Callao, Virginia and as a supporter of the Callao Vol-unteer Fire Department. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Brenda Sudduth Lewis for receiving the Community Builder’s Award from Westmore-land Masonic Lodge No. 212 in honor of her work to advance the community. I also ask that you join me in recognizing Westmoreland Masonic Lodge No. 212 for its efforts in hon-oring this important member of the community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TAIWAN 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate our friend, Taiwan, as it com-memorates the 107th anniversary of its Na-tional Day on October 10th. The 23.5 million people on the island rep-resent the only democracy in the Chinese speaking world. Taiwan has come to represent many of the same principles we hold dear. With its sixth successful direct presidential election in 2016, Taiwan continues to serve as a proud example of democratic success in the Asia-Pacific region. Taiwan has been a reliable partner in East Asia. U.S. trade in goods with Taiwan reached $68 billion last year, making Taiwan the United States’ 11th largest trading partner. More specifically, Taiwan is Utah’s 6th largest trading partner and last year received $636 million in exports from Utah. On Taiwan’s National Day, we reaffirm the strength of the U.S.-Taiwan relationship and the United States commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act. Many years ago, I lived in Tai-wan where I was able to learn its customs, culture, history, and language. I developed a great personal appreciation for its people and their way of life. It is an honor and privilege to support our friend and partner, Taiwan, and highlight the bonds that connect us. f 
HONORING SAM WHEELER 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Sam Wheeler, the tenth State Historian of Illinois and an alumnus of Southern Illinois University-Carbondale. During his time at Southern Illinois Univer-sity-Carbondale, Sam became an expert on the poetry of Abraham Lincoln, and completed an incredible dissertation on this unique histor-ical literature. During this time he was also a teaching assistant and lecturer, focusing on Il-linois history, the Civil War era, and President Lincoln. Prior to his appointment as State Historian, he was a research historian at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and museum. I thank Sam for his contributions to preserving and celebrating Illinois history. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CHIEF JACK THOMAS 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the accomplished career of Chief Jack Thomas. Born and raised in Southern California, it was here where Chief Thomas began his career, first serving as an Explorer for the Orange City Fire Department. In 1988, he was hired as a Firefighter and then two years later assigned to the position of Fire-fighter-Paramedic. It was through his great leadership and zeal that Chief Thomas would go on to assume various leadership positions with the Orange City Fire Department: Fire Captain, Administrative Captain, and Battalion Chief to name a few. Chief Thomas demonstrated heroism by de-ploying out with his team, California Task Force 5, to New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina in 2005. He is a brave and fearless man and has directed the actions of other fire engine companies during numerous wildland fires throughout California. Chief Thomas has been a hero to his city and community. He has been rightfully awarded the County Board of Supervisors’ Courage Under Fire Award, the Orange County Fire Authority’s Special Operations Citation for deployment to the Gulf Coast Hurricanes, and the Orange Rotary Manager of the Year. Chief Thomas also serves as husband, fa-ther, and grandfather. He still resides in Southern California with his wife Lesa, their children, and grandchildren: I wish Chief Thomas all the best as he retires from a sto-ried career with Orange City Fire Department. I thank Chief Thomas for his service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.001 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1290 September 25, 2018 
HONORING MATTHEW CHANEY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Matthew Chaney, a member of the Merced High School Class of 1978 who has been recognized for his dignity, grace, and courage. Since graduating high school forty years ago, Mr. Chaney has made numerous contributions to his family and community, par-ticularly in the last seventeen years with his fight against ALS. After high school, Mr. Chaney attended the University of California, Berkeley and earned a degree in physical education. After graduating, Mr. Chaney began his professional career, which has included work in product develop-ment and sales in the chemical industry. For the last thirty years, Mr. Chaney has been a devoted father to two remarkable gen-tlemen, having spent many years supporting the activities of his sons and community. He has served as a little league board member and remained active as a coach for both base-ball and soccer, despite having lost the use of his arms. In Lafayette, California, the ‘‘Chaney Field’’ at the Lafayette Little League stands in honor of Mr. Chaney’s contributions to his community and family. Mr. Chaney also holds a passion for envi-ronmental protection. As a co-director of Blue-fish.org, he helps lead an organization com-mitted to facilitating an open, honest dialogue between citizenry, business, and government concerning the plight of Idaho’s wild salmon and steelhead. Since his ALS diagnosis in 2000 at the age of 40, Mr. Chaney has been an advocate for those affected by the disease through his in-volvement in many local and national fund-raising and awareness efforts. Some of these include Major League Baseball’s ‘‘4ALS’’ initia-tive with the San Francisco Giants, ‘‘Runs for ALS’’ Lafayette Little League campaign, and most notably for the ALS Association’s Golden West Chapter, which he fundraised over $1 million for. On June 3, 2016 Mr. Chaney was honored as the recipient of the Spirit Award at The ALS Association Golden West Chapter’s Annual Champions for Care and a Cure dinner as celebration for his determination for his efforts in the areas of advocacy, fundraising, and public awareness of ALS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the accomplishments of Mr. Matthew Chaney. The courage, dignity, and grace he has exhibited while confronting each of life’s challenges is truly exceptional. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor him as the Merced High School Class of 1978 celebrates their 40th Class Reunion. 
f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE COMMUNITY HEALTH PARTNERSHIP 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 25th Anniversary of the Community Health Partnership (‘‘CHP’’) and acknowledge its work and accomplishments in our Santa Clara County community. Community health centers provide an impor-tant safety net for our most vulnerable popu-lations. Founded in 1993, CHP’s mission is to meet the medical healthcare needs of our di-verse population of underserved patients. CHP pursues this mission through the collaboration of a range of member organizations with com-bined budgets of over $64 million. CHP’s Community Health Centers and Clin-ics served approximately 240,500 patients (714,600 patient encounters) in 2017 with approxiately 55 percent of patients covered by Medi-Cal, 10 percent covered by Medicare or private insurance, and 34 percent uninsured. CHP’s participating health centers employ multi-lingual, culturally competent staff to ad-minister primary care and a wide range of other health programs and services, including dental care, optometry, mental health services, family planning, prenatal services, health edu-cation, nutritional care, and recovery support groups, as well as outreach and case man-agement. CHP is an essential resource for local health centers to help them maximize invest-ments in the health care safety net, improve technology tools, and navigate the changing health care environment, including the imple-mentation of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. CHP’s collaborative projects among a diverse group of organizations allow for the enhancement and expansion of avail-able services for our low-income and most underrepresented patients. Additionally, CHP participates in health care policy advocacy through close work with coun-ty partners on the implementation of health care reform and education of the public and relevant stakeholders regarding proposed leg-islation. As an active member of the California Primary Care Association, CHP offers insight on issues and policy that affect the medically underserved populations in our communities. To this end, CHP works closely with Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital System, Val-ley Health Plan, Santa Clara Family Health Plan, the South County Collaborative, and the Silicon Valley Council for Nonprofits. Mr. Speaker, I hereby recognize and com-mend CHP for its work on improving health care access in our community. Today, we honor the Community Health Partnership for its 25 years of leadership and advocacy in the health care sector. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REV. DR. WALSDORF HAROLD JENNEFORD, SR. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Rev. Dr. Walsdorf Harold Jenneford, Sr., a native of New Orle-ans, Louisiana and Pastor of Greater New Home Baptist Church, who died on August 25, 2018 at the age of 86. Pastor Jenneford was born on July 14, 1932. He began his literary education at McCarty Elementary School and Gaudet Epis-copal High School. He attended Southern Uni-versity and A&M College in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, only to be drafted into the United States Army during the Korean Conflict. Upon receiving an honorable discharge in 1955, Pastor Jenneford continued his educational aspirations by earning a Bachelor of Arts De-gree in Education from Dillard University in 1959. In 1956, Pastor Jenneford married the late Barbara Lewis. Three lovely children were born to this holy union, Walsdorf, Jr., Mallory, and Stacy Desire’ Jenneford. Pastor Jenneford became a widower in October 1979. In 1959, after graduation, Pastor Jenneford began a 29-year teaching career in the Orle-ans Parish School System. In 1974, he earned a Master of Education Degree from Tulane University. In 2001, he was bestowed a Doctor of Divinity Degree from the Christian Bible College of Louisiana. In 1974, Pastor Jenneford accepted the call to ministry. On July 20, 1975, he was ordained by the Rising Sun Missionary Baptist Associa-tion and installed as Pastor of Greater New Home Baptist Church the next month by the same association. In 1982, Pastor Jenneford united in mar-riage to Helen Dright Johnson. This union made them proud parents of seven children, namely the late and beloved Stacy and Walsdorf Harold Jenneford, Jr., who served as Pastor of South Mountain Baptist Church of Phoenix, Arizona; Mallory Jenneford; James Jenneford, Sr.; Clarence Jr. and Regina Rodri-guez; and Eric Johnson, Sr. In 2004 the rev-elation and confirmation of another of the Lord’s blessings, in having given Pastor and Sis. Jenneford the oldest of his children, Herlin Riley, Jr. and his wonderful family. Pastor Jenneford served as Pastor of Great-er New Home Baptist Church for 41 years and President of Rising Sun Missionary Baptist As-sociation for 20 years. He served on the Exec-utive Board of the Ninth Ward Neighborhood Council and as First Vice Moderator of the Christian Ministers’ of New Orleans and Vicin-ity. At the time of his passing he was Moder-ator of the Ninth Ward Ministerial Alliance. Pastor Jenneford loved the city and the peo-ple of New Orleans. His legacy will forever be a part of the city and his dedication to commu-nity embodies the spirit of New Orleans. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Pastor Jenneford, but surely, we can try to match his sense of service. We cannot match his cour-age, but we can strive to match his devotion. Pastor Jenneford’s survivors include his wife Sis. Helen D. Jenneford; three children: Mrs. Mallory Porche and husband Gilbert of Peria, Arizona, James Jenneford, and Herlin Riley, Jr. and wife Patricia; and his daughter-in-law Cornella Jenneford. Survivors also include three step-children Clarence Rodriguez, Re-gina Baptiste and husband Dr. David of El Paso, Texas; Eric A. Johnson and wife Dana of Katy, Texas. He also has eighteen grand-children, 12 great grandchildren and a host of nieces, nephews, cousins, relatives, friends, and the Great New Home Baptist Church fam-ily. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Rev. Dr. Walsdorf Harold Jenneford, Sr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.007 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1291 September 25, 2018 
CELEBRATING MOUNTAIN SUN’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, 25 years ago, Mountain Sun opened its doors as a single pub on Pearl Street in Boulder, Colorado. Now there are five operating locations throughout Colorado’s beautiful Front Range. Through the years, Mountain Sun has been home to many up-and-coming musicians, made guests feel like family in their cozy dining rooms, crafted beer and food that not only fills bellies but gives back to the community and honored their philosophy of being a ‘‘gathering place with good food and drink, where conversation flows freely.’’ Mountain Sun’s story began in Portland, Oregon. Their proprietor Kevin Daly brewed his first beer at his favorite local pub. Soon his love of craft beer outgrew his desire to pursue a career in law and in 1993 Kevin opened up Mountain Sun Pub in Boulder. The brewery began as a six-barrel brewing system and their beloved ESB style beer, Colorado Kind, was the first beer crafted. Today, it re-mains one of their most popular beers. Commitment to high-quality ingredients, community engagement, environmental stew-ardship, and employee equity are the driving forces behind Mountain Sun’s business. In 2002, Southern Sun, a larger dining space and a ten-barrel brew system, opened in south Boulder. The operation continued to grow with expansion into Denver in 2008 with the open-ing of the Vine Street Pub. Under the Sun and Longs Peak Pub and Taphouse opened in 2013 and 2014 respectively. I am proud that Mountain Sun calls the 2nd District of Colorado home. Mountain Sun’s 25 years have given the community many great Scrabble games, stout months, and delicious burgers. Cheers to the next 25. 
f 
HONORING JAMES BAKER OF ARLINGTON, VERMONT 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. James Baker of Arlington, Vermont for his distinguished career in law enforcement and his deep and abiding commitment to im-proving the lives of Vermonters. Jim’s exemplary career spanned 40 years. As commander of the Vermont State Police and director of the Vermont Police Academy, he put to good use his strong leadership skills and his noble commitment to public service. He worked hard to ensure the fair delivery of justice and an end to discrimination and mis-conduct whenever it arose. Shortly after retiring from the Vermont Po-lice Academy in 2009, Jim was recruited to fill important positions in communities in need of new law enforcement leadership. He served as acting police chief in Manchester, then took the helm of the Rutland Police Department. In Rutland, Jim worked countless hours to tackle the opioid epidemic that hit the city hard. He played a major role in the creation of Project VISION, an effective grassroots com-munity collaborative that coordinates local ef-forts to combat addiction and crime. He also transformed the culture of the police depart-ment, while identifying and rooting out the causes of crime and addiction. Jim’s lasting legacy is a coalition of hundreds of residents, active to this day, who address community challenges head-on to improve the quality of life in Rutland. Jim’s tenure yielded positive results for Rut-land. Calls for police service dropped and the city experienced a double-digit decline in bur-glaries and property crimes. Resident surveys demonstrated remarkably higher satisfaction with their neighborhoods. Most recently, Jim returned to Arlington to help revitalize his hometown, working with vol-unteers to ensure that no one falls through the cracks. Jim Baker has earned his reputation as the ‘‘Mr. Fix-It’’ of the Vermont law enforcement community. Countless Vermonters have bene-fitted from his tireless work, and our state is better off because of it. And now, as he battles cancer, Jim is doing so with the characteristic grit, grace, deter-mination, and sense of humor that all of us who have had the good fortune to work with him will recognize. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me today in sending James Baker of Arlington, Vermont our best wishes and thanking him for his lifetime of service to Vermont. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AUDREY L. BALL 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Audrey L. Ball, recipient of the Community Builder’s Award presented by Westmoreland Masonic Lodge No. 212 in Westmoreland County, Virginia. Audrey, a native of Westmoreland County, is a graduate of the local public schools and of Howard University where she majored in chemistry. She has been employed by River-side Tappahannock Hospital for more than twenty years and is a registered diagnostic cardiac sonographer. Audrey is married to Warren Ball and is the mother of five children. Aside from her healthcare work and family commitments, Audrey is highly active in the community. She has been a member of Poto-mac Baptist Church for more than fifty years where she has served as a children’s church teacher and former president of the nursing ministry. Audrey is also a member of the Westmoreland County Volunteer Rescue Squad and has served as an emergency med-ical technician and as an advisor to members of the junior volunteer rescue squad. Audrey, as a loving and dedicated mother, has also served in numerous civic organizations includ-ing as a committee member for Boy Scout Troop No. 252 and as a den mother and treasurer for Cub Scout Pack No. 207. She has also been a parent advisor for the Future Problem Solvers of Westmoreland County and the James Farmer Scholars. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Audrey L. Ball for receiving the Commu-nity Builder’s Award from Westmoreland Ma-sonic Lodge No. 212 in honor of her work in supporting the community. I also ask that you join me in recognizing Westmoreland Masonic Lodge No. 212 for its efforts in honoring this important member of the community. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE CHARTERING OF THE LOS ANGELES HOST LIONS CLUB 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues Congressmembers M
AXINE WATERS , G RACE NAPOLITANO , ADAM S
CHIFF , JUDY CHU, KAREN BASS, and J IMMY  G
OMEZ to recognize the 100th anniversary of the chartering of the Los Angeles Host Lions Club. Not only was the Los Angeles Host Lions Club the first Lions Club chartered in Southern California, it is the oldest Lions Club in the entire state of California. On January 13, 1913, Dr. Herman Beckwith met with his friend Philip Dodson for lunch at Marcus Godfrey’s cafeteria on Spring Street near Fourth Street in downtown Los Angeles. He presented the idea of forming a luncheon club, and proposed the name Cirgonian, taken from the Latin words ‘‘Circum’’ and ‘‘Ago’’— sort of a ‘‘round table’’ idea. By February 20 of that year, there were twelve men who be-came charter members of the Cirgonian Club of Los Angeles. During the next few years, the club grew and prospered. Early in 1916, the Cirgonian Club officers exchanged a series of letters with Melvin Jones of Chicago concerning the founding of an international service club organization. As a result, a meeting was held in Chicago on June 7, 1917, at which the Cirgonian Club was rep-resented, and a date was set for the first con-vention in Dallas, Texas. At that convention, on October 8 through 10, 1917, Lions Clubs International was born. Although the Cirgonian Club was not rep-resented at this convention, less than a year later, its 85 members voted to affiliate with the International Association of Lions Clubs and became charter members of the Lions Club of Los Angeles. The Charter was presented on September 12, 1918, making it the first Lions Club in Southern California. In 1940, it was designated as the ‘‘Host Club’’ of Los Angeles County. Additional ‘‘host’’ clubs were added as the county grew. Given that the L.A. Host Lions Club has di-rectly sponsored 22 Lions Clubs over the years, beginning with the Pasadena Host Lions Club in 1920, it can be considered the parent and grandparent of nearly all Lions Clubs in Southern California. For more than 50 years beginning in 1919, the L.A. Host Club was the principal sponsor of the Lark Ellen Home for Boys, a nonprofit corporation organized in 1895 for the benefit of orphan newsboys. The name Lark Ellen is attributable to a benefactor of the home, Ellen Beach Yaw, a noted opera singer of the day who some had said ‘‘sang like a lark;’’ hence, Lark Ellen. In 1950, the home relocated to more spacious facilities in Azusa (at a greater cost) where it operated for nearly another quarter of a century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.010 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1292 September 25, 2018 
Due to an enormous increase in the costs of operation, the Boys Home was discontinued in 1973. Its assets were sold, and the proceeds formed the endowment fund known as the Lark Ellen Lions Charities. From that time until now, Lark Ellen has approved donations of ap-proximately $1.5 million for the benefit of inner-city youth. After many decades of meeting in the Bilt-more Hotel, the Los Angeles Host Lions Club currently meets at Taix Restaurant in the Echo Park community, just north of downtown Los Angeles, where it now concentrates its service activities. Today, the Los Angeles Host Lions Club participates in many projects, including: Providing volunteers at health fairs to work the Lions Mobile Health Screening Unit, an RV vehicle outfitted so an eye professional can screen low-income patients for visual acuity and possible eye diseases such as glaucoma. Sponsoring two Leo Clubs, teenage leader-ship development programs in conjunction with inner-city youth centers: The Salvation Army Red Shield Youth Center and El Centro del Pueblo in Echo Park. The sponsorship in-cludes funding for travel and lodging for the Leos to attend regional leadership forums and other events. Conducting community needs assessments to learn how the club can do the most good and serve more people. Distributing food baskets/bags to families with children in inner-city schools. Supporting district and multi-district projects such as Lions Camp at Teresita Pines, the Student Speakers Contest, Lions in Sight, and Lions Sight and Hearing Foundation. Participating in the celebration and recogni-tion of Flag Day by distributing American flags with patriotic presentations at local elementary schools. Sponsoring inner-city youth as participants in the California Youth Exchange Program, which provides them an opportunity to spend six weeks with participating Lion families in Japan and Europe. In exchange, the club hosts teenagers coming from other Lions clubs from Europe or Japan. Helping to decorate the Lions float appear-ing in the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Pa-rade. Participating with community partners on projects that focus on the environment. The Los Angeles Host Lions Club has had a great 100-year tradition. The vitality of its members and their commitment to service assures us all that the motto of Lions, ‘‘We Serve,’’ will be upheld for many years to come. On Saturday, September 29, 2018, the L.A. Host Club will hold its Centennial Gala Celebration at the Crowne Plaza Hotel-Los Angeles in Commerce. More than 300 Lions and friends from throughout California will at-tend to commemorate this significant mile-stone. Mr. Speaker, Congressmembers W
ATERS , N
APOLITANO , SCHIFF , CHU, BASS, GOMEZ , and I ask our colleagues to please join us in cele-brating the Los Angeles Host Lions Club’s 100th anniversary. We also thank the Lions for their service, and for improving the quality of life of those they have worked with and helped. CONGRATULATING THE ARMENIAN ASSEMBLY’S 2018 DISTINGUISHED HUMANITARIAN AWARD HON-OREE, MS. ANNIE SIMONIAN TOTAH HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Armenian Assembly’s 2018 Distinguished Humanitarian Award honoree, Ms. Annie Simonian Totah. For over forty years, Ms. Totah has been a leading defender of human rights and a vocal advocate of Armenia, Artsakh and the Arme-nian-American community. Ms. Totah was the first woman to serve as Chair of the Armenian Assembly of America and she remains an ef-fective spokesperson for Armenian issues on Capitol Hill. Her life as a community leader and activist has truly been a journey of dedi-cation. I have known Annie throughout my entire congressional career and I can say without hesitation that Annie’s passion, dedication and commitment to Armenia and Artsakh is unpar-alleled. Since the demise of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, Annie has worked tirelessly with Members of Congress to help secure bil-lions of dollars in assistance to Armenia. Her contributions with the Armenian Assembly have included efforts that saw the enactment of several pieces of legislation and Missions to Armenia that have raised awareness and un-derstanding of key issues. Ms. Totah helped mobilize relief efforts to provide temporary shelters for the homeless victims of the 1988 earthquake in Armenia, and collaborated with the Marshall Legacy In-stitute to help launch the ‘‘Mine Detection Dog-Partnership’’ program in Armenia. Annie was also involved early on in the creation of the U.S.-Armenia Task Force for Economic Cooperation, and continues to encourage trade and investment between the two coun-tries. Ms. Totah is the recipient of many honors and awards, including: The Ellis Island Medal of Honor; Medal of Appreciation by the Presi-dent of Artsakh; and the Encyclical of Grati-tude and Appreciation by His Holiness Karekin II, Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Ar-menians. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Annie Totah and the Armenian Assembly on this occasion and for its powerful voice and professionalism that has truly made a difference. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LUKE GWARTNEY AND THE JOHNSON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE FALLEN OF-FICERS MEMORIAL 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend a young man in the Third District of Kansas for his hard work to ensure law en-forcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice to protect our communities and up-hold the law are not forgotten. Earlier this month—on the anniversary of 9/ 11, I met 16-year-old Luke Gwartney, an Eagle Scout from Olathe West High School, at the dedication for the Johnson County Sher-iff’s Office Fallen Officers Memorial. I was inspired by Luke’s story and hard work to create the Fallen Officers Memorial that brought us all together that day. Luke worked tirelessly for months to find volunteers, get supplies, and receive dona-tions to make this memorial a reality. In the end, he raised $8,000 and was able to con-struct the memorial, which honors three exem-plary police officers in our community who lost their lives in the line of duty over the last few years: Master Deputy Brandon Collins, Sgt. Willard Carver, and Det. Gerald Foote. This memorial reminds us of the service and sacrifice of our law enforcement officers and continues to honor them with the gratitude and respect they deserve. Mr. Speaker, join me in thanking Luke for adding this wonderful contribution to our com-munity. f 
CELEBRATING DR. WADE M CLEOD 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to celebrate Dr. Wade McLeod’s forty- five years of incredible service to the Round Rock community. Dr. McLeod’s life and career reflect hard work, activism, and dedication to what’s best for Central Texas. As one of four veterinarians in his family, it could be said that Dr. McLeod’s passion for veterinary medicine is in his blood. Raised on a West Texas ranch near Sweetwater, he graduated from the Texas A&M University vet-erinary program in 1969 and opened Round Rock’s first veterinary clinic in 1973. In no time, his practice became one of the most be-loved animal clinics in the city. While Round Rock has grown over the years, Dr. McLeod has nurtured a small-town feel at the clinic. His practice focuses on small pets and he employs tried-and-true business practices to keep costs to a minimum that translate into savings for his patients. Dr. McLeod’s business acumen, work ethic, and commitment to putting customers first speak to the common-sense values that Texans hold dear. This small business leader is also an activist who responds to those in need. Over the years, Dr. McLeod has worked with patients who could not afford medical care for their pets and provided treatment for injured strays. He donated half of his clinic space to volun-teers who cared for stray animals before there was a shelter in the area. Through his selfless devotion to others, Dr. McLeod has impacted countless families and is a beloved pillar of the Round Rock community. Retirement is meant to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but the beginning of a new adventure. I thank Dr. Wade McLeod for his service and dedication to his community. I proudly join his family, friends, and colleagues in wishing nothing but the best for his richly-deserved retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.013 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1293 September 25, 2018 
HAPPY DOUBLE TEN DAY (TAIWAN) 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, October 10, or Double Ten Day, is the national day of Tai-wan. Given the warm ties between the United States and Taiwan, I would like to take this opportunity to wish the people of Taiwan a very Happy Double Ten Day. The United States and Taiwan, despite our lack of an official diplomatic relationship, are important economic and security partners. From a security standpoint, as pledged in the Taiwan Relations Act, we continue to support democracy in Taiwan through our arms sales. I would also like to call to attention the recent Taiwan related provisions, enacted into law in August of this year, in conjunction with the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for the fiscal year 2019. This newly enacted law reiterates that the TRA and the Six Assurances are the cornerstones of our relations with Taiwan. In addition, it calls for the strengthening of de-fense cooperation with Taiwan to ensure Tai-wan can maintain sufficient self-defense capa-bility; for supporting Taiwan’s acquisition of defensive weapons; and for more predictability with respect to U.S. arms sales to Taiwan. Where trade and economic prosperity are concerned, our two countries have made great strides. In 2017, Taiwan was ranked as the 11th largest trading partner of the United States, the 11th largest U.S. export market overall and the 7th largest market for U.S. ag-ricultural products. Taiwan imported $3.57 bil-lion of food and agricultural products from the U.S., representing more than 28 percent of total imports of those products. Taiwan regu-larly sponsors trade missions to the United States in pursuit of agricultural products. Last year those missions culminated in the signing of letters of intent to purchase approximately $2.8 billion in U.S.-produced grains between 2018 and 2019. Just in late September, an-other trade mission from Taiwan visited the United States in pursuit of $300 million of soy-beans purchases. Our two countries should and will continue to seek avenues where we can work together, and I hope my colleagues will join me in promoting this cooperation wherever possible. I ask my House colleagues to join me in wishing the people of Taiwan all the best as they celebrate Double Ten Day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANCES AND ROBERT NELSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Frances and Robert Nelson of Atlantic, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 23, 1953 at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Atlantic. Frances and Robert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD L. BARR 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great privi-lege to rise and pay tribute to fellow Hoosier and American patriot Richard L. Barr. For ten years, Rick has tirelessly worked to engage, educate, and empower fellow citizens to take part in the American political process. He is the definition of an American Citizen-States-man. A lifelong Hoosier and Hendricks County resident, Rick is a man of deep civic convic-tion rooted in his love for American history and family. He is a dedicated husband, a loving fa-ther of 3, and a devoted grandfather of 4. It is Rick’s love and concern for his children’s and grandchildren’s futures that drives him to vol-unteer so much of his time for the American cause. As a founding member and current leader of the Indy Defenders of Liberty–West, Rick has utilized his leadership role to educate the pub-lic so that his fellow citizens are informed citi-zens. He spends hours researching issues and the historical context of those issues to in-vite knowledgeable speakers to the organiza-tion’s monthly meetings. In addition, under Rick’s direction, IDOL-West has also served the community by hosting several non-partisan candidate forums and many public meetings focused on local, state, or federal issues. I can personally attest that the relationships Rick cultivated, locally and statewide, have been successful in activating citizens. Oftentimes, my office has received calls or visits from con-stituents at Rick’s suggestion. Rick Barr is a good man and a good citizen. He is faithful in his belief that America is worth his time promoting limited government based on the United States Constitution. Today, I am honored to acknowledge Rick Barr for his leadership, generosity, and dedi-cation to our community, state, and country. I am proud to call him my friend. 
f 
IN ITS 50TH YEAR, ANNUAL MAINE BALD EAGLE TRIP HIGHLIGHTS COMEBACK OF AMERICAN ICON 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th running of an important an-nual event in my state that highlights the comeback of an American icon. In 1969, Dick Anderson led his first trip for Maine Audubon to try to spot bald eagles in Maine’s Merrymeeting Bay. At the time, it was the last accessible place in the entire state to see a nesting pair—a result of the terrible toll the pesticide DDT had taken on the nation’s bald eagle population, which had dwindled to just over 400 pairs in the continental U.S. in the 1960s. Anderson continued to bring people to Merrymeeting Bay annually. In the early years, they were lucky to see one or two eagles. But as a national ban on DDT, the Endangered Species Act, and other environmental laws did their work, these trips yielded more birds every year. As Maine Audubon continues the annual tradition—holding its 50th cruise this month—participants can now expect to see at least 50 bald eagles. What a sight it is to see these great birds soar high in the air, dive to snatch a fish from the water, or perch upon their massive nests. It’s astonishing to think how close we came to losing this living symbol of our nation. This species’ recovery from the brink of extinction is an amazing success story for federal envi-ronmental protections. But this story is not yet over. I’m afraid a new chapter is now being written as efforts are underway, both in Congress and under the current Administration, to weaken the Endan-gered Species Act and other protections. Now is not the time to undo the progress we have made. In fact, with climate change and other environmental threats before us, we need these laws more than ever—not just for bald eagles, but also for the hundreds of wildlife species that remain on the threatened and en-dangered lists. Again, I congratulate Maine Audubon on its 50th eagle trip and commend Dick Anderson and other conservation leaders for protecting the incredible natural resources in my state. I hope these trips continue to see more and more bald eagles every year—because that would mean we are still doing our job in Washington to responsibly steward the lands, waters, and wildlife that are in our trust. f 
SHERIFF RICK DUNLAP TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Rick Dunlap for his service to his community and nation. Originally from Tennessee, Rick grew up in an impoverished family. A large part of his childhood was spent working in his family’s to-bacco fields, using those earnings to help sup-port his family. It wasn’t long before he real-ized there was so much to see and experi-ence in the world, so he joined the United States Army at 17 to serve his country. Upon completing basic and advanced training, Sher-iff Dunlap was sent to Vietnam. While over-seas, he was attached to the 101st Airborne Division as a member of a helicopter platoon and later served in the Asha Valley for Oper-ation Lam Son 719. As the result of his heroic service during Operation Lam Son, Rick and his fellow crew members were awarded the Bronze Star and the Medal of Valor. Throughout his military ca-reer, Rick served in many roles including field artilleryman, helicopter door gunner, aviation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.017 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1294 September 25, 2018 
maintenance, recruiter, instructor at Fort Sill Oklahoma and training officer for a local Na-tional Guard unit. Later in his career, Rick was reassigned to an aviation unit in Fort Carson, Colorado. It was there where he met his wife of 42 years, Karen Starbuck Dunlap and to-gether they have three sons and eight grand-children. Having proudly served his country in the military for 21 years, and retiring young enough to continue a life of service, Rick em-barked on a career in law enforcement. His law enforcement career began as a Deputy Sheriff at the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office under long-time Sheriff Tom Gilmore. His hard work payed off and eventually he was chosen as Sheriff of Montrose County, a job he has thrived in ever since. Sheriff Dunlap’s service to his community has gained him tremendous respect not just in Montrose, but across the entire state of Colo-rado. He has brought the Sheriff’s Office for-ward progressively during his tenure, with the implementation of the Professional Standards Office in the Sheriff’s Office, the K–9 program, and the creation of the School Resource posi-tion. Additionally, he instituted crime mapping and updated policies and procedures in the Sheriff’s Office. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Third Con-gressional District of Colorado, I would like thank Sheriff Rick Dunlap for his commitment to the Montrose community and the nation. We are proud to call him a Western Colo-radan, and his integrity, intelligence and loy-alty will be greatly missed. I wish him luck as he enjoys a well-earned retirement. 
f 
HONORING BETSY HODGES 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Betsy Hodges’ honorable serv-ice to the City of Minneapolis. During her time as Mayor of Minneapolis, Betsy Hodges advanced environmental justice, transforming policing and safety, and closing racial and economic disparities, including among our youngest children. Through her in-spiring vision of ‘‘One Minneapolis,’’ she reori-ented the work of the City of Minneapolis and changed the citywide conversation to put ra-cial equity at the core of both. Mayor Hodges pushed Minneapolis to be one of the greenest cities in America, extend-ing organics recycling to every neighborhood, developing a Zero Waste Minneapolis plan, winning incentives to keep pollutants out of our air and water, and pursuing environmental justice. Under Mayor Hodges’ leadership, Min-neapolis was named a Climate Champion city by the White House and won a coveted 100 Resilient Cities designation from the Rocke-feller Foundation. Pope Francis recognized Mayor Hodges’ and Minneapolis’ leadership in fighting climate change when he invited her to the Vatican for a convening of world mayors that he hosted. Because of Mayor Hodges’ leadership, the City passed historic measures to help working people, including a $15 municipal minimum wage with no tip penalty, and earned sick and safe time for everyone who works in Min-neapolis, both of which were firsts in the state of Minnesota. Mayor Hodges laid a strong foundation for transforming the city’s policing, including implementing the use of body cam-eras, reforming the municipal criminal-justice system, and appointing Minneapolis’ first Afri-can American chief of police. She also assem-bled a groundbreaking Cradle to K Cabinet that developed a plan to prevent racial dispari-ties for our youngest children. Minneapolis continued to grow under Mayor Hodges’ tenure: in each of her four years as Mayor, the City experienced more than $1 bil-lion in private growth, without public subsidy. The long-planned renovation of Nicollet Mall was completed on time and on budget, the City-owned Target Center was renovated at one quarter of the cost of building a new arena, and Minneapolis won both Super Bowl LII and the NCAA Final Four. Mayor Hodges fully funded a first-ever, 20-year tourism mas-ter plan for Minneapolis to build on these suc-cesses into the future. Mayor Hodges also made significant invest-ments in Minneapolis’ infrastructure: a historic and fiscally responsible 20-year, $800 million investment in the City’s parks and streets, along with full funding for Orange Line Bus Rapid Transit and a network of protected bike lanes that contribute to Minneapolis’ con-tinuing to be the best bike city in America. She also made significant investments in affordable housing, including for families facing home-lessness. Mayor Hodges’ nation-leading work was also recognized with a coveted Promise Zone designation for North Minneapolis, several sig-nificant federal grants to support Minneapolis’ 21st-century policing efforts, a highly competi-tive Mayor’s Innovation Grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies to support racial-equity work, and with Minneapolis’ participation in the Na-tional Initiative for Building Community Trust and Justice. Under Mayor Hodges’ leadership, Min-neapolis remained a well-run city. Mayor Hodges passed and presented four structurally balanced budgets that continued the founda-tion of fiscal responsibility that she laid while a Council Member and reoriented the work of the City around racial equity. Mayor Hodges’ commitment to equity extended to hiring in her own office, where she hired half women and half people of color, including the first Somali- American and the first openly transgender per-son ever to work in the Mayor’s office. As an openly sober person and an open survivor of childhood sexual assault, Mayor Hodges has consistently given of her time to help more people than we will ever know find their own path to healing and has actively sup-ported them in the process. Before serving as Mayor, Betsy Hodges had an outstanding career in public service. As the Ward 13 City Council Member for eight years, she chaired the Ways & Means/Budget Com-mittee and worked successfully for years to re-form the City’s closed-pension system that was unfair to taxpayers and pensioners alike. Mayor Hodges worked as an organizer in the non-profit sector for TakeAction MN and for the Minnesota Justice Foundation, and helped found the Women’s Health Project in New Mexico to assist HIV-positive women. She also worked as an aide for Hennepin County Commissioner Gail Dorfman. Mayor Hodges is also known for her sense of humor, as well as for her love of Wonder Woman, the movie ‘‘Die Hard,’’ giraffes, and Oxford commas. Mayor Betsy Hodges’ years of leadership and activism have shaped Minneapolis and Minnesota for the better. She has made a positive impact on the lives of so many, one that will be felt for decades to come. I would like to commend and thank her for her many contributions. f 
TRIBUTE TO GLORIA AND DENNIS MASCHER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Gloria and Den-nis Mascher of Farragut, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on August 24, 2018. Gloria and Dennis’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KEN ROOS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE LOCAL SERVICE EMPLOYEES INTER-NATIONAL UNION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of Ken Roos. A passionate activist, hu-manitarian, and volunteer, Ken was known to love a good protest and dedicated himself to social and economic justice through countless amounts of service to help hard working Gran-ite State men and women. Ken, affectionately known as Uncle Kenny, also served with dis-tinction in the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services, and as the Vice President of the local Service Employees International Union. Through his career in public service, Ken promoted the health, safety, and well-being of the citizens of New Hampshire. His volunteer work with the Red Cross ameliorated families’ lives after difficult times such as 9/11, New Hampshire home fires, and Hurricane Katrina. Ken literally gave a part of himself to those whose lives he touched, including donating hundreds of pints of blood throughout his life. Ken advocated for many whose voices didn’t always have a seat at the table. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I ex-press my profound gratitude for Ken and his many years of devoted service to the Granite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.021 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1295 September 25, 2018 
State and its people. He will be greatly missed but his memory will live on through the kind-ness of everyone he touched and the lasting impact of the causes for which he fought. I am honored to recognize Ken and extend my con-dolences to his family. May he deservedly rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING FRANCISCO MUN˜OZ III 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Francisco Mun ˜oz III on the occasion of his retirement. For more than 43 years, Mr. Mun˜oz served as director of the dance and Ballet Folklo´rico programs at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. Francisco Mun˜oz graduated from Pan Amer-ican University—now University of Texas Rio Grande Valley—in 1975, double majoring in history and health, physical education and recreation. He went on to earn multiple grad-uate degrees at the University. Francisco began teaching dance part-time in 1977, and in 1982 became the first full-time instructor at the school to focus on folklo´rico. On August 31, 2018, Francisco retired from his positions as director of both prestigious UTRGV performing arts programs. Francisco and his wife, Mary, built the dance program and the internationally recognized Ballet Folklo´rico company from the ground up. His work has forever transformed the dance de-partment at UTRGV and enabled students from all over the Rio Grande Valley to share their talents on national and international stages. Francisco’s colleagues and pupils were fortunate to receive instruction and en-couragement from a leader like him. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to represent someone as hard-working as Mr. Francisco Mun˜oz III. The South Texas community is thankful for his work and dedication to enrich-ing our culture. I wish him the best as he be-gins a new chapter of his life. May retirement suit him and his family well. 
f 
BILL HARRIS POST OFFICE BILL 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BOB GIBBS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 13, 2018 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer legislation to honor a good man, a faithful public servant, a veteran, and a friend to the people of the great state of Ohio by renaming the Post Office in Ashland, Ohio after former Ohio Senate President, Bill Harris. Bill served our nation as a United States Marine for 23 years. He completed tours of duty in the Korean and Vietnam Wars. His ac-tions led to him being awarded the Bronze Star twice and the Vietnam Medal of Honor. He rose to the rank of Major and retired in 1977. Shortly thereafter, Bill found himself moving to Ashland, Ohio and opening a car dealer-ship. It is still run by the Harris family. Bill was an active member of his community, serving as chairman of the Ashland Area Chamber of Commerce and was a member of the Board for the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University. I got to know Bill when we served in the Ohio legislature together. While he was in the Senate, I served in the House. Bill was Ohio Senate President when he led them to enact major reforms to Ohio’s tax code. He also had a passion for making Ohio’s higher education system better and more affordable. But I also got to know Bill on a personal level. After Bill broke his leg slipping on ice in 2009, he was unable to drive. Since I lived the closest to him, I drove him down to Columbus while he was recovering. We spent many hours talking, sometimes about politics and state govern-ment, but mostly about family and life. He told me stories and imparted his wisdom on those drives from Ashland to Columbus and back. Bill Harris dedicated his life to his family and friends, his community and country. I offer this legislation as a way to honor Bill’s legacy and recognize his achievements. I ask for my col-leagues’ support of this bill to rename the Post Office in Bill’s hometown of Ashland after him as thanks for his commitment to Ashland, the State of Ohio, and to America. f 
HONORING MICHAEL BEATTY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hoosier artist and Congressional Art Competition judge Michael Beatty. He has shared his passion for artistic and creative expression with many throughout his career. Michael’s work has been showcased across northern Indiana, giving our community the gift of cultural enrichment and a chance to appreciate the beauty that surrounds us. The breadth of his work, which spans var-ious mediums, publications, and international honors, stands as a guiding light for others. Michael is a role model, a leader, and an ex-pressive visionary who inspires us all. Michael has always been active in our com-munity, and for the past several years has helped celebrate the hard work and incredible talent of local high school students as a judge in Indiana’s 2nd District Congressional Art Competition. His participation in our annual competition gives young artists encourage-ment and the opportunity to continue pursuing their dreams. I want to thank him for the time and dedication he has given to support the next generation of Hoosier artists. I am truly grateful for his positive contribu-tions in northern Indiana and across the coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Michael’s compassion, drive, and creative spirit. It is a privilege to represent Hoosiers like Michael Beatty, who helps make our communities vibrant and our futures bright. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR MURDER VICTIMS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, homicide is the leading cause of death among youth, especially among people of color between the ages of 13 to 34. The Cen-ter for American Progress reported 17 young people are murdered every day in America. Imagine if 17 of our nation’s best doctors, law-yers, engineers, scientists, poets, and politi-cians lay waste everyday due to gun violence. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, the murder rate has declined by 3.4 percent from 30 of the largest cities in America. The murder rate in Chicago also declined by 12.3 percent in 2017, but remains more than 60 percent above 2014 levels. Some cities saw their murder rates rise in 2017, such as Balti-more (7.8 percent) and Philadelphia (13.1 per-cent). This is the daily reality of America, par-ticularly for urban cities like Chicago and Philadelphia. This issue should outrage us all. Mothers In Charge, Inc. (MIC) is one organi-zation that is here today in our nation’s Capitol to inform Members of Congress of the impact of gun violence. MIC is comprised of impas-sioned mothers, grandmothers, aunts, sisters, and others who are committed to working to-wards saving lives and preventing another parent or guardian from having to experience their terrible tragedy. They advocate for fami-lies affected by violence and provide coun-seling and grief support services for families when a loved one has been murdered. One of the advocates is Mrs. Johnson-Speight, who is spearheading a movement to make the nation aware of homicide among young people. She works with juvenile offenders—some of whom are incarcerated for murder—using a cognitive skills development model titled, ‘‘Thinking For A Change’’. This program addresses the de-velopment of pro-social and proper decision making skills, violence prevention, and prepa-ration for re-entry back into their communities. I commend all of the organizations and insti-tutions working hard to bring attention to homi-cide, and their efforts to eliminate the threat of gun violence. In honor of the many precious lives lost as a result of gun violence, Con-gress, in 2007, designated September 25th as the National Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims. On this day, every year, we are re-minded of the lives lost, and the need to con-tinue the fight against violence so their deaths are not in vain. f 
TRIBUTE TO GLORIA AND LARRY WEST 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Gloria and Larry West of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on August 17, 1968 in Harlan, Iowa. Gloria and Larry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.024 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1296 September 25, 2018 
me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
COLORADO FARM BREWERY AND COLORADO MALTING COMPANY TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Cody Family and the Colorado Malting Company and Colorado Farm Brewery of Alamosa, Colorado for their entrepreneurial spirit. Over 80 years ago, Ray Cody moved his family from Oklahoma to the San Luis Valley of Southern Colorado and started what is now known as the Colorado Malting Company. Al-most four generations later, Ray’s grandson and great-grandsons now own and operate the business he created. Ray’s son Bob eventually took over the then-humble farming operation and expanded it several times. Thanks to Bob’s ambition, the business entered into a contract with Coors Brewing Company, growing high country bar-ley for one of the world’s foremost breweries. Along the way, Bob also started a dairy oper-ation with the help of his sons. For many years, the Cody’s lived and farmed on Henry Road, growing barley for Coors using malting equipment they made from scratch. In the early 1970s, Bob’s son Wayne took over the dairy operation. In 1994, Wayne sold the dairy cows and fo-cused full-time on farming Coors barley and alfalfa hay. Almost 15 years later, Wayne, with the help of his friends and family, converted the old dairy barn into a malting facility. Now, Wayne’s son Jason, who was one of the founders of Colorado Malting Company, runs the day to day operations of the facility, while Wayne’s sons Joshua and Bobby have played active roles in the design and growth of the company in recent years. The Cody family’s tenacity has led to many accolades, including national recognition from the New York Times. Colorado Farm Brewery is also the first in the state to have a tasting room on location at the farm. Mr. Speaker, the success of the Colorado Malting Company and the Colorado Farm Brewery is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the Cody family. Their entrepre-neurial spirit has paved the way for them to become one of Colorado’s premiere brewing and malting companies, and it is my honor to recognize them. I look forward to seeing what they accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN F. GIRARD 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, on August 12, 2018 the Town of Norwich, Vermont lost a longtime member of the community, John F. Girard. He was revered for his service to the town, its school and especially its children. I would like to include in the R
ECORD the eu- logy delivered by Dan Fraser, a former student and lifelong friend. In Memory of John F. Girard—Aug. 25, 2018. It has been a rough few weeks for all of us, especially the Girard, Adams, Capps and Culverhouse families. Mr. G. was a man I knew extremely well. The family asked me to speak some about the time when his children were growing up. The Girard and Fraser families go back al-most 50 years! The first four Girards and Frasers are all the same age—Johnny—sorry John—you will always be Johnny to me and my brother John, Lauren and I, Mikey— Mike and Rob, Linsey and Mat—something in the water that year? Linsey spelled with no D and Mat spelled with only 1 T. Then my sister Jen completed out the team. Norwich was not as large as it is today, there was no internet—some families only had one car—like both the Girards and the Frasers. We grew up in a time without daycare and Mrs. G and my Mom stayed home raising all of us kids and I would say they did a pretty darn good job! The Girards moved here in 1966 from Som-erville, MA, when Mr. G was hired to teach at the Marion Cross School. My dad returned from Vietnam in 1972. Ironically enough, it was at St. Francis of Assisi Church where our families first met—right over there be-hind us. Mrs. G noticed my mom as a new comer at church and that was the beginning of a lifelong friendship that continues on among our families today. Every first com-munion, every confirmation, every wedding and birth—our families gathered to cele-brate. In addition, every Christmas Eve—the tradition was that we went to mass and then back to the Girards for dinner and an evening of fun. All of us kids would wonder what gifts we might get in the morning. Mrs. G’s famous homemade eggnog, spinach squares, shrimp, and lasagna were enjoyed by all. Mr. G would entertain us all or we would sit and watch a Boston sports team play on TV—he could never contain his ex-citement. When there were not holidays or celebra-tions, it still meant we would go to the Girards to hang out or they would come to our house. In the winter, it was sledding and building snowmen outside. During the sum-mer it was riding our Green Machine big wheels for hours on end tormenting the old ladies around Jones Circle with all the noise they made. Green Machines—the gift from last Christmas—Mr. G put together 4 of them for us to all share. And we rode bikes on the trails—in the wooded lot behind the Girard’s house before Mascoma Bank put in their parking lot and paved it. Of course there were Lou’s donuts on special occasions, with 9 kids we could polish off 3 dozen pretty quick. The Girards—are simply the best—as all of us here today already know. Calendar squares—here in this envelope are calendar squares from the 2019 calendar. If there are not enough—just pick a date some-time next year. We are all here to pay trib-ute and honor Mr. G. We need this tribute to carry on so on your date—you do something for some member of his family. Send a card, flowers, make a phone call, drop off a des-sert, a meal, or pay a visit and share a story. All year long the Girards will be reminded of how amazing Mr. G was and he will always be remembered. Lauren—this one is for you: Now what about the jars of peanut butter and jelly and boxes of crackers. Mr. G’s favorite snack— peanut butter and jelly on crackers. Thank you to everyone who brought one of these items—Lauren they are here, as you wished—enough for all the various Girard families to take home and any extra will be donated to The Haven in his honor. As I look out across this field, I see a crowd, some old, some young, some locals and some with roots here who traveled from great distances. Mr. G the impact you have had on so many, the footprint you have left, the learning and life skills you so enthu-siastically shared will last for generations. How do you honor a man like Mr. G—A leg-end in his own time who in his lifetime al-ready has a scoreboard in Tracy Hall, the Marion Cross School gym and a road named after him. He was the first Citizen of the Year, and here we sit at Girard field. It is often said that it takes a village. Well Mr. G, you for over 52 years, you have been here for our village—Norwich. Today, is pay-back! The village of Norwich is here for you and the Girard family. I am so proud of how Norwich has really rallied on this one. Thank you all who helped make this happen. We are going to start backward with the youngest first: Linsey—as a special tribute for you and your family to honor your father: on May 8, 2019 there will be a wine tasting to support The John Girard Fund established by you and your siblings at The Norwich Rec. Dept. This will be an annual Event. Mike—as a special tribute to you and your family to honor your father, and to tie in with your work in education as a teacher, Marion Cross School has declared Nov. 4th to be John F. Girard Day and he will be honored each year on this date. This date was not chosen at random, but we know this date has a double significance to your family. Lauren—as the most local, as a special tribute to you and your family to honor your father—it seems fitting that Dan & Whit’s will have an ice cream cone day for Mr. G. We will donate 100% of sales today to the John Girard Fund at the Norwich Rec. Dept. established by you and your siblings in his honor. A wonderful Norwich couple will match all funds raised today. Please be sure to stop after this event to support the effort. This will be a yearly event, in the future it will be held on Aug. 12, the day of his passing so that his memory lives on forever. John—as a tribute to you and your family to honor your father—Mascoma Bank has do-nated a $2,500.00 Scholarship in honor of Mr. G. This will be awarded to a graduating Han-over High School Athlete or athletes. This individual must have attended Marion Cross School. You all know for me, it is about keeping it local—so for the extended Girard family—as a tribute to you all, the businesses in the Norwich community have also been im-pacted by Mr. G and the Girard Family. Aug. 12, will be Mr. Girard Day in Norwich—the following businesses will contribute and make a donation based on sales in his honor to The John Girard Fund established by his children at The Norwich Rec. Dept. The Norwich Inn, Carpenter and Main Res-taurant, Diane’s Casual Cuts, the Norwich Bookstore, Dan & Whits. I have not had a chance to reach out to all Norwich busi-nesses, so we welcome all businesses from any town to join us and participate. The in-tent of this day is only intended to increase the funds in John Girard Norwich Rec Dept. account, the fund established by his chil-dren—please do not turn it into anything more than the business community sup-porting this effort. Please reach out to me for details. This will be an annual event. Now for the Matriarch of this wonderful family: Mrs. Cathy Girard—Mrs. G—as a spe-cial tribute to you and honor your husband— this speech will be offered to the Norwich Historical Society and more importantly read on the floor of Congress and entered into the Congressional Record in Wash-ington, DC. Mr. G will be eternally honored at the national level. Nothing could be more fitting. Special thanks to Norwich resident and Representative Peter Welch for making this happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.029 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1297 September 25, 2018 
Mr. G I know you hated being in the spot-light but look at what you have created. Mr. G you changed lives. Mr. G you may have left us, but your spirit will live on with us forever. Godspeed Mr. G. Thank you, Dan Fraser f 
HONORING BARBARA JOHNSON 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Barbara Johnson who represented the Fourth Ward of Minneapolis for 20 years, serving as the Council President for the last 12 years. Johnson became the longest-serving Council President in Minneapolis history. Johnson’s accomplishments as a Council Member and as Council President were exten-sive. She made public safety and the health of the Fourth Ward one of her main priorities, serving on the Public Safety & Health Com-mittee and the Hennepin County Criminal Jus-tice Coordination Committee. She assisted in crime prevention through job training and youth programs. As a registered nurse, John-son was passionate about the growing healthcare sector in Minneapolis and sup-ported using a public health approach to pub-lic safety. Johnson was passionate about constituent service, always willing to pick up the phone to help get a pothole filled. She helped support local businesses in the neighborhood, includ-ing the opening of the North Market grocery store, and businesses across Minneapolis with projects like the Midtown Global Market. She also spearheaded an effort to merge the Hen-nepin County and Minneapolis library systems. Johnson has a strong interest in parks and the environment. She served for 18 years on the Metropolitan Park & Open Space Commis-sion, and served on the Mississippi National River & Recreation Area Commission. She helped negotiate a 20-year parks and street maintenance agreement that passed in 2016. She supported the development of the Webber Natural Swimming Pool. She also worked with the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency to reduce pollution on the Northside. Prior to her elected service, Johnson was a founding member of the Victory Neighborhood Association (VINA) and was the Chair from 1994 to 1997. Johnson’s experience, hard work, and lead-ership has made a lasting mark on Ward 4 and across our community. I want to thank Barbara Johnson for her exceptional 20 years of public service and her dedication to the City of Minneapolis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 107TH TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 107th National Day of Taiwan. Taiwan celebrates its national day every Oc-tober 10th. As this special day approaches, I would like to wish the people of Taiwan and all Taiwanese and Chinese Americans a happy Double Ten Day. These occasions remind us to reflect on our past successes and look forward with renewed commitment to what we may accomplish to-gether through our shared commitment to lib-erty and democracy. Taiwan was America’s 11th largest trading partner in 2017 and strives to respect the in-tellectual property rights that protect American innovation. In this and other areas, we see that our nations share a special bond, forged by mutual respect and a steadfast commit-ment to one another’s security and prosperity. Through the passage of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act of 1979 and President Reagan’s de-liverance of the Six Assurances in 1982, the United States and Taiwan cemented a strong friendship deepened by mutual strength in the face of hardship. I believe the United States and Taiwan must continue to prioritize investment in defense ca-pabilities that will secure its peace and fight global terrorism, but also want to recognize that the commitment to the bond between our nations extends to humanitarian support. I would like to extend thanks to President Tsai Ing-wen and the people of Taiwan for their generosity and friendship, and again wish them a Happy Double Ten Day. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ARMENIAN GEN-ERAL ATHLETIC UNION AND SCOUTS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Armenian General Athletic Union and Scouts, commonly known as Homenetmen, upon its one-hundredth anniver-sary. Founded in 1918, Homenetmen has been a global phenomenon that has served hundreds of thousands of youth worldwide. Over the years, this extraordinary organization has mentored outstanding youth and has encour-aged members to work towards achieving indi-vidual as well as collective excellence. Homenetmen has continuously expanded over the last century and is currently the larg-est Armenian scouting and athletic organiza-tion in the United States. In 1922, when Homenetmen chapters in Constantinople were forced to close, its leaders dispersed across the world. From there, a network of chapters began appearing globally. The first chapter in the western United States, the Homenetmen Los Angeles Chapter, was founded in 1968, and its prosperity led to the formation of other chapters across the region. Homenetmen Western USA presently com-prises 19 chapters; several within California’s 28th Congressional District, which is home to a large Armenian-American community. Throughout the years, the organization has preserved the Armenian spirit by exposing Ar-menian-American youth to the rich Armenian culture and heritage, and has provided them with physical, moral and social education. It conducts scouting and athletic activities which foster dedicated and outstanding individuals and helps members develop leadership and life skills. Through its scouting program, scouts actively engage in physical, team-build-ing and educational activities, coupled with community service and outdoor scouting expe-ditions. A highlight of the organization is the Navasartian Games and Festival, which is an annual event that attracts thousands of com-munity members and boasts the participation of many athletes and scouts. The time, effort, and care that Homenetmen has given to the global Armenian community is invaluable, and many have benefited greatly from their dedicated work. The organization has championed shaping our children into re-sponsible and thriving members of society, who become shining examples of Homenetmen’s motto—‘‘Elevate Yourself and Others With You.’’ I ask all Members to join with me in com-mending Homenetmen for one-hundred years of dedicated service. f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY PROCLAMATION 
HON. CHARLES J. ‘‘CHUCK’’ FLEISCHMANN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan will celebrate its 107th National Day on Octo-ber 10. I would like to congratulate my Tai-wanese friends on this important occasion. Taiwan has long been a trusted ally of the United States in the increasingly important Indo-Pacific region. We share many common values including the rule of law, democracy, a market economy, and a commitment to human rights. We can be certain that Taiwan’s de-mocracy and resulting development are an ex-ample to the entire Indo-Pacific region. We can also be certain that the United States, Tai-wan, and all of our other like-minded partners can work together to strengthen the rules- based fabric of this region. Lastly, we can be certain that the United States’ commitment to the security and democracy of the Taiwanese people has never been stronger. Taiwan is currently the 11th largest trading partner of the United States and one of the largest export markets for the great state of Tennessee in Asia. The United States is Tai-wan’s second largest trading partner. Based on these figures and through our continuing hard work, I am confident that our ties will only grow stronger over time. I wish our Taiwanese friends a wonderful 107th National Day and a fruitful year ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT LATRELL E. JUAREZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Latrell E. Juarez of Des Moines, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Latrell is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 40 of the Mid Iowa Council. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.031 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1298 September 25, 2018 
five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance- based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past cen-tury. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Latrell earned more than 40 merit badges and served his troop well with leadership and volunteering roles. Latrell’s Eagle Scout Project was completed for the Veterans of Foreign Wars Department of Iowa. He designed and built a portable can redemp-tion shed that has raised more than $500 for hospitalized veterans at the Des Moines VA Hospital. The work ethic Latrell has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project lead-ing to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Latrell and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future edu-cation and career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KADANCE FREDERICKSEN AS RECEIPIENT OF THE PRESIDENTIAL VOLUN-TEER SERVICE AWARD 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Kadance Fredericksen, recipient of the Presidential Volunteer Service Award, for her outstanding community service contribu-tion of over 122 hours this year. Driven by her desire to help others, Kadance has organized events at her school including a canned food drive for the Crestview Homeless Shelter during which she was able to obtain 18.5 pounds of canned goods for donation. Additionally, she orga-nized a ‘‘GO GOLD’’ day in her school to raise awareness for childhood cancer. This ‘‘GO GOLD’’ day is now a yearly event at her school. Outside of school, Kadance has collected and delivered over 200 teddy bears for the Children’s Coalition of Florida, delivered sand-wiches, chips, and cookies to local police de-partments, and assisted with the Princess of Paradise special-needs pageant. An organization that has a particular place in Kadance’s heart is the Ronald McDonald House of Northwest Florida. Kadance spends much of her time here getting to know staff and families along with cleaning the facility, donating to the wish list, and hosting pizza parties for the families. In 2016 Kadance opened a lemonade stand to raise money for the Ronald McDonald House. Through this, she has since raised $13,000 for the Ronald McDonald House. In 2017, Kadance won the title of Little Miss Northwest Florida where she raised aware-ness for the Ronald McDonald House. She has also used her pageant career as a plat-form to launch a campaign against bullying. She is currently Jr. Miss Sugar Sands and will compete for the title of Jr. Miss Northwest Florida in January 2019. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate Kadance Fredericksen for her outstanding contributions to the community and for earning the Presidential Volunteer Service Award. f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HOOPS FOR YOUTH FOUNDATION 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 20-year anniversary of the Hoops For Youth Foundation and their achievements in helping and supporting at-risk kids in Wash-ington, D.C. Since 1999, the Hoops for Youth Founda-tion has brought together lawmakers, congres-sional staff, community leaders, and the lob-bying profession in a bipartisan effort to help give children in our Nation’s Capital a fighting chance with educational, family, hope, and ca-reer opportunities through countless hours of community service. Mr. Speaker, the Hoops for Youth Founda-tion dedicates its support for organizations like Healthy Babies, Inc, a Washington, D.C. based non-profit, which supports at-risk fami-lies to have healthy babies and move out of the cycle of poverty. Healthy Babies reaches out to high-risk, low-income, substance-abus-ing, pregnant and parenting women, men, and their families. It removes barriers for health and success by helping clients identify what they need. Healthy Babies works with service provider partners to connect women and fami-lies to resources including health care, hous-ing, nutrition, mental health services, edu-cational support, skills building, substance abuse support, and employment. They stay with families long-term to give them the best chance for success. The Foundation also supports important schools like The Cornerstone School of Wash-ington, D.C., which provides a Christ-centered, nurturing, and academically rigorous education to the children of Washington, D.C.; and St. Anthony’s, which continues to be a family and neighborhood tradition. The curriculum and environment at St. Anthony is based upon the Gospel and the teachings of Jesus Christ as understood by the Catholic Church. They are proud to offer a rigorous, standards-based academic program to students in Pre-K3 through grade eight. Finally, the Foundation dedicates its support to Washington Jesuit Academy, which pro-vides a high quality and comprehensive edu-cation to boys from low-income communities, offering them a safe, rigorous academic set-ting and advancing their spiritual, intellectual, emotional and physical growth. The guiding vi-sion of the Washington Jesuit Academy is to create an education model that addresses the cycle of poverty that plagues our students’ communities, and replaces it with a cycle of hope, determination and success. In order to challenge the city’s widening achievement gap and bleak graduation statistics for low-income males, WJA incorporates the Magis (‘‘the more’’) and asks the important question: What more can we do for our students, our families and our community to change the face of urban education? Mr. Speaker, the commitment and achieve-ments over the past 20 years of the Hoops For Youth Foundation, Members of Congress, congressional staff, community leaders, and the professional lobbying community, should be recognized, for their incredible dedication to ensuring at-risk kids in our Nation’s Capital have the opportunities to become the next generation of leaders. We must also recognize those efforts to pro-mote strong family values and commitment to success by programs like Healthy Babies, St. Anthony’s, Cornerstone School of Washington, D.C. and the Washington Jesuit Academy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF ELIZABETH KAY GUNTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks one year since the passing of an out-standing conservative leader from Clarke County, Virginia, Elizabeth Kay Gunter, and, on this occasion, I rise to celebrate her ex-traordinary life with you and our colleagues. Kay Gunter was a formidable champion of conservative political values, especially re-garding the Right to Life. She was always an enthusiastic ally of those candidates and causes she championed and a formidable ad-versary of those who she opposed. To have influence in the political arena, Kay success-fully ran for and served ably in the capacity of: Chairwoman of the Clarke County Republican Committee, member of the State Central Com-mittee of the Republican Party of Virginia, Chairwoman of the Winchester-Frederick- Clarke Republican Women and Virginia Dele-gate to the Republican National Convention. Kay’s interest in doing what she could to pro-tect the sacredness of life led her to also serve as a member of the Board of Directors of the ABBA Pregnancy Care Center in Win-chester. In recognition of her remarkable and long-lasting influence over politics in Clarke County, the important policy forum sponsored by the Clarke County Republican Committee, is now called the Nolan-Gunter Policy Forum. While Kay Gunter dedicated much time and energy to politics, the foundation of her life was always her relationship with God. Al-though she received a Bachelor of Science degree in Early Childhood Education from the University of South Carolina, Kay’s Christian discipleship led her to define and honor the profession of homemaking, during which, over a 55-year career, she successfully created a strong household of faith for her husband, Sam, their three children and their many grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of Elizabeth Kay Gunter, whose courage and tenacity as a Christian disciple led her to extraordinary suc-cess as a political activist and homemaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.036 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1299 September 25, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND JIM LONG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Joyce and Jim Long of Essex, Iowa for being se-lected the Grand Marshals for the Essex Labor Day parade. They were chosen by fel-low members of the Essex Community Club for this honor. Joyce and Jim have lived in the Essex area for almost six decades. The couple graduated from high school in 1954 and married a year later. Jim served in the military and operated the family farm. Joyce enrolled in nursing school and was employed by the Montgomery County Hospital for 24 years. Joyce and Jim have three children and have been active in the Essex community. Jim served on the city council and on the Page County Landfill Board. Joyce is a member of the quilting crew at St. John’s Lutheran Church. Joyce said, ‘‘giving back to the community is just some-thing you do. We don’t think anything of it.’’ Jim added, ‘‘Essex has been a wonderful place for us to live and raise our children. It’s an honor and nice to be recognized.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Joyce and Jim Long for being selected the Grand Marshals for the Essex Labor Day pa-rade. They are shining examples of how hard work and dedication can affect a community. I urge my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Joyce and Jim on receiving this honor, and I wish them continued success in all their endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MASTER SERGEANT MICHAEL ALOYSIUS RYAN 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life, service and legacy of Master Sergeant Michael Aloysius Ryan. Born on May 15, 1946, Master Sergeant Ryan dedicated his life to his country through his service with the Armed Forces. Earning his High School GED through the United States Armed Forces Insti-tute, he went on to serve two tours in Vietnam and one in the Persian Gulf. Throughout his service, Master Sergeant Ryan earned many decorations, medals and commendations, including two Air Medals, the Vietnam Service Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Air Force Longevity Service Award, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal, Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Badge with Rifle, National De-fense Service Medal, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal and Army Rifle MIG Expert Badge. Returning home to transition into the Air Force Reserve, Master Sergeant Ryan contin-ued to serve his nation as a member of the 106th Rescue Wing of Westhampton Beach, New York. Once again answering the call of duty, Master Sergeant Ryan stepped up in the immediate aftermath of September 11th as a part of the search and recovery mission at the World Trade Center. Within one week of work-ing the pile at Ground Zero, Master Sergeant Ryan contracted an incurable lung disease, one he would succumb to nearly seventeen years later. Master Sergeant Ryan was kind, loving, dedicated, funny, intelligent and a passionate sportsman. He was a loving husband, loyal brother, amazing father and caring grand-father, but most of all he was an American hero. Having dedicated centuries of his life to serving his fellow Americans, he did not hesi-tate to step up even in our nation’s darkest moment. For his bravery and heroism, and the sacrifice of his family, our country will be eter-nally grateful. Let his memory serve as a promise to always care for our nation’s vet-erans, first responders and all those who stepped up in the aftermath of September 11th. f 
FRANCE RECOGNIZES TEXAS AS AN INDEPENDENT REPUBLIC 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Texas is distinctive in many ways. Texas was an inde-pendent nation for nine years. In fact, some Texans still think we’re an independent coun-try. Texas had gained independence from Mex-ico in 1836 and had immediately set up a re-public. The reason for the call for independ-ence was because Mexico had abolished its democracy and set up a dictatorship with Santa Anna as the Supreme Dictator. Texans and Tejanos—Mexican or Spanish person born in Texas—were determined not to live under an imperial dictatorship and went to war with Mexico to gain independence. This was a fight for liberty. Independence was gained on April 21, 1836, at the Battle of San Jacinto where General Sam Houston and his boys de-feated a superior Mexican army under the leadership of Santa Anna. After Texas set up a government, it then built an army and a navy. Texas then sought official recognition of the Republic of Texas from other nations. On this day, September 25, 1839, King Louis Philippe of France formally recognized the Republic of Texas. This was the first coun-try after the United States to recognize the re-public. This treaty allowed Texas commerce to be admitted to France on a most favored na-tion basis. Great Britain soon followed in rec-ognizing Texas as an independent nation. Texas would proceed to engage in commerce with the United States, Mexico, France, and Great Britain. Dubois De Saligny of France was appointed as charge´d’affaires and soon moved to Aus-tin. He bought 21 acres just east of the Texas Capitol in Austin and began construction of the house known today as the French Lega-tion. Today, there is a similar site where the Texas Legation was in Paris, France. The French residence is now a historical site in Texas. It acts as a reminder that Texas was once a country. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING ERIC ACCIME 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Eric Accime, a highly success-ful executive with more than 20 years of expe-rience in the building and engineering industry and a generous philanthropist, who has had an outsized impact on underserved and im-poverished communities around the world. Mr. Accime, a product of Florida Inter-national University, participated in the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project I founded to intervene in the lives of at-risk boys of color and steer them onto a pathway to success. I am extremely proud that Mr. Accime has uti-lized the mentorship and assistance he re-ceived as a springboard to personal and pro-fessional success while remaining committed to giving back and serving those in need. After graduating from FlU, Mr. Accime re-turned to the 5000 Role Models as a staffer and helped mentor other boys and young men of color, working to instill in them the same skills, confidence, and vision that has served him over the course of his career. Since entering the private sector, Mr. Accime has built an impressive body of work and been recognized for his outstanding con-tributions. His expertise spans the develop-ment and construction management of large multi-use real estate, municipal and commer-cial projects. To date, he has spearheaded various high-profile projects valued at more than $600 million. His accolades include the National Award of Excellence for a project built in Tampa, Florida, which was designated one of the two best projects in the United States for fiscal year 2000. Although remarkably accomplished, Mr. Accime has retained the same values of serv-ice and community that drove him as a young staffer with the 5000 Role Models of Excel-lence Project. His professional and philan-thropic endeavors have helped significantly improve conditions, particularly for under-served children, both in the United States and abroad. Mr. Accime has been integral to numerous relief efforts, having partnered with USAID, Habitat for Humanity, the Breaking Point Inter-national Corp., and the National Society of Black Engineers of Alexandria, Virginia, to pro-vide resources and build vital infrastructure. Following the devastating 2010 earthquake in Haiti, Mr. Accime worked to help design and build a new National Campus of Health and Sciences there in collaboration with USAID. The project utilized cutting-edge design and delivery techniques to ensure the facility’s sus-tainability, which was vital to Haiti’s recovery and was estimated to produce approximately 1,500 doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and other health practitioners over a 10-year period. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Mr. Accime for his exceptional achievements and humanitarian contributions. I am proud to call Mr. Accime a friend and can personally testify to his generous and hardworking spirit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.040 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1300 September 25, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO LAURA WATTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Laura Watts of Winterset, Iowa for being honored as the Rotarian of the Year by the Winterset Ro-tary Club. Ms. Watts has been a member of this club for 35 years and has earned her Paul Harris Award and Paul Harris Plus pin. She has also been incredibly active, volunteering with events such as Husky Help Day, Birthday in a Bag project and assisted with the rotary Youth Exchange program. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Laura demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with her community. Her efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I know that all my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Laura Watts for her achievements and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SARAH AND ROBERT WILKINSON 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the loving generosity of a family, Sarah and Robert Wilkinson, as the 2018 Angels in Adoption from the Tenth Con-gressional District of Virginia. Earlier this year, the Wilkinson family was recognized by the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors as the 2018 Loudoun County Fos-ter Parents of the Year and, as a member of Congress, I am very pleased that the Con-gressional Coalition on Adoption Institute, through its national public awareness cam-paign, has given me the opportunity to recog-nize this family for their demonstrated commit-ment to improving the lives of children in need of permanent, loving homes. The Angels in Adoption tradition is well es-tablished in the Wilkinson family. When Sarah was six, her parents began fostering children who would eventually become her brothers and sisters. Within a year of their wedding in 2005, Sarah and Robert became foster par-ents to a teenager. Since then, the Wilkinson family have served as foster parents for nine children, and they have provided respite serv-ices for countless others. Sarah and Robert have four birth children, have adopted two children, and are currently in the process of adopting another child. In addition to setting a stellar example for others by creating a beautiful family of fos-tered, adopted and birthed children, Sarah and Robert Wilkinson spend countless hours sup-porting other foster and adoptive parents. They lead a monthly support group for foster parents in Loudoun County, and Sarah leads a support group of moms living in the greater Northern Virginia area. The Wilkinsons also take part in the final session of the Loudoun County’s foster parent training program, offer-ing practical ideas and encouragement to peo-ple who are about to embark on their new lives as foster parents. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to count among my constituents, Sarah and Robert Wilkinson. I ask that you and our colleagues join me in congratulating them for being recognized as the 2018 Angels in Adoption from the Tenth Congressional District of Virginia. f 
CELEBRATING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF OHIO CHRISTIAN UNI-VERSITY 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the 70th anniver-sary of one of Ohio’s premiere educational in-stitutions: Ohio Christian University. The true story of this University is growth. From its humble beginnings on East Ohio Street in Circleville in September of 1948, the University quickly grew beyond its location, and moved to its current, 40-acre home on U.S. Route 22. In recent years, that growth has continued, with adult degree programs of-fered online, and satellite campuses in Chil-licothe, Columbus, Dublin, Lancaster, Wash-ington Court House, and Wilmington. While its consistent expansion is impressive, the most important ‘‘growth’’ is the growth of the students who attend Ohio Christian Uni-versity. With a Christ-centered, biblically- based, ministry-motivated curriculum, Univer-sity students grow into capable and well- rounded leaders who are ready and able to ‘‘serve effectively in the church and society.’’ As Ohio Christian University enters this new decade, there are already ambitious plans in place to continue its growth. From fostering ‘‘an academic and community environment’’ to preparing ‘‘world-impact societal leaders,’’ this is an institution that is not content with the sta-tus quo, and I applaud the continued efforts of Dr. Jon S. Kulaga, Dr. Hank Kelly, the Board of Trustees, faculty, staff, and students. Ohio Christian University is an essential thread in our Ohio tapestry, and I am grateful to have it as a committed partner in our com-munity. I encourage my colleagues to join me in congratulating Ohio Christian University on its 70th anniversary, as well as wishing the entire community a happy Homecoming. 
f 
HONORING ELIZABETH GLIDDEN 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Elizabeth Glidden’s 12 years of service as a Minneapolis Councilmember. She has served as a distinguished leader on the Coun-cil, including as the Council Vice President, and Chair of the Intergovernmental Relations Committee. Ms. Glidden has an extensive list of accom-plishments from her time in office. She has been an advocate for workers’ protection, helping lead the push for a $15 municipal min-imum wage and for paid sick and safe leave to provide job protections to up to 100,000 Minneapolis workers during illness. She is a champion for affordable housing, and was the chief author of the 2017 Minneapolis ordi-nance that prohibited discrimination against the 5,000 Minneapolis holders of Section 8 Housing Choice Vouchers. Ms. Glidden led the pioneering effort to bring ranked choice voting to Minneapolis in 2006 to help avoid plurality outcomes and elect majority winners. It has since been used successfully in three Minneapolis elections. A proponent of clean energy, she created the first-in-the-nation Clean Energy Partner-ship between Minneapolis and energy utilities to help promote energy efficiency and renew-able energy in support of the city’s Climate Action Plan. Ms. Glidden helped direct city efforts on ra-cial equity, including the development of One Minneapolis One Read, a reading program to encourage family and friends to have con-versations about race, family relationships, and neighborhood history. In addition to her contributions on the Coun-cil, she previously worked for ten years as an attorney practicing employment and civil rights law. Ms. Glidden has been a Board Member of Local Progress, a Board Member of Gender Justice, and serves on the Alumni Board of the Humphrey School of Public Affairs. Ms. Glidden is set to continue her advocacy on behalf of the residents of Minneapolis and Minnesota as the new Director of Strategic Ini-tiatives and Policy for the Minnesota Housing Partnership. On behalf of her Ward 8 constituents and the broader community, I want to congratulate Elizabeth Glidden on her many years advanc-ing creative change for the City of Min-neapolis, and on her tireless activism as a voice for equity, justice, and economic oppor-tunity. f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY AND JIM LENTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Betty and Jim Lents of Greenfield, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on Sep-tember 7, 2018. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.044 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1301 September 25, 2018 
RECOGNIZING JORGE RAMOS 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jorge Ramos, one of our nation’s leading voices in Hispanic media who recently announced his retirement after nearly forty years with Telemundo 47. Jorge has been with Telemundo 47’s news team since the beginning, serving as an origi-nal founding member of the station’s news op-erations. Throughout his time at Telemundo 47, Jorge helped the station achieve many milestones, including historic ratings. In both July and August of this year, the 11pm edition of Noticiero 47 Telemundo anchored by Ramos was ranked as the most-watched local newscast in the entire New York market, re-gardless of language. Jorge began his media career in 1972, working at the radio station WKVM in Santurce, Puerto Rico. He later joined Telemundo 47 in 1979 where he served as the station’s first field reporter. His talent and tenacity on camera was rewarded shortly thereafter when he was named news anchor— a position that he has held ever since. Jorge is the recipient of seven Emmy awards for journalistic excellence and worked closely with the Tri-State’s Hispanic commu-nity for over 35 years. Throughout that time, he has collaborated with many community or-ganizations, non-profits and charities, in addi-tion to serving as grand marshal and god-father of numerous parades throughout the Tri-State region. Mr. Speaker, multiple generations of Telemundo 47 viewers in New York, New Jer-sey and Connecticut look at Jorge as an ex-tended member of their families. He has been a steady, calming and always-smiling pres-ence at their dinner tables and in their living rooms for nearly forty years. Finally, Jorge is the proud father of a former Marine and has been a steadfast advocate for Hispanic vet-erans as they return into civilian life. Mr. Speaker, Jorge Ramos has served our community and our country well. I would like to thank Jorge for his service and I am proud to recognize his many professional accom-plishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 180TH BIRTH-DAY OF THE FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF GAINESVILLE, GEOR-GIA 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 180th birthday of the First Baptist Church of Gainesville, Geor-gia. While it is difficult to find written histories, bi-ographies, memoirs, and other accounts of re-ligious life in the South prior to abolition, Rev. Clarence M. Wagner has identified historical evidence that a group made up predominately of freed slaves organized Gainesville’s First Baptist Church in 1838. Rev. Wagner details his findings in the book Profiles of Black Geor-gia Baptists. In 1901, under the Rev. Jack Nichol’s lead-ership, the congregation erected a new church building on the corner of Gainesville’s Pine and High Streets. Rev. Nichol answered the call to ministry around 1877, and he is the first person known by name to pastor this body of worshipers, shepherding the flock from 1877 to 1903. The First Baptist Church was rebuilt in 1923 under the leadership of Rev. William Dorsey. Today, the church gathers at 1810 Martin Lu-ther King Jr. Blvd, where Rev. Isaac White-head Jr. pastors the congregation. I join the First Baptist Church in celebrating their 180 years of worship in Northeast Geor-gia and wish the church many happy years of ministry ahead. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF DEEPA WILLINGHAM 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate Deepa Willingham for receiving the 2018 United Nations Association of Santa Bar-bara Peace Prize. Mrs. Willingham was born in Kolkata, India and received her primary and secondary edu-cation under the stewardship of Mother Te-resa. After receiving an undergraduate degree from the University of Calcutta, she moved to the United States to pursue Masters and Ph.D. degrees. Mrs. Willingham has dedicated her life to empowering girls and women through edu-cation. She founded Pace Universal, a non- profit organization that works to end human- trafficking, elevate women and children from poverty, and uplift communities. She opened an environmentally sustainable school for more than 200 girls at the Piyali Learning Center in the rural Indian village of Piyali Junction. Mrs. Willingham has been a leader in Santa Barbara County through her roles as President of Rotary Club of Santa Ynez Valley as well as Rotary International District Governor. While president, she was named Rotarian of the year and chaired two Rotary Districts An-nual Poverty Conferences, during which she helped to initiate its 5-point poverty-eradication plan. Mrs. Willingham has participated in vol-unteer efforts internationally by attending Na-tional Immunization Day in India and traveling to Mexico to construct cement floors. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join with the United Nations Association of Santa Barbara in celebrating the exemplary career of Deepa Willingham as she receives the 2018 Peace Prize. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF MS. EVANGELINA MENDIOLA 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to honor Ms. Evangelina Mendiola, for her extraordinary contributions as an adoptive and foster parent in Broward County, Florida. Ms. Mendiola was recognized as a 2018 Angel in Adoption by the Congressional Coali-tion on Adoption Institute (CCAI). Currently in the process of adopting her fifth child, she also regularly opens her home and heart as a caring foster parent. Indeed, she is admired in her community for her steadfast commitment to the welfare of children. Ms. Mendiola’s long-standing dedication truly exemplifies the val-ues of the Angels in Adoption program. Founded in 2001, CCAI is a nonprofit orga-nization with the vision that every child should know the love and support of a caring family. Every year, CCAI selects a small group of out-standing individuals, families, or organizations across the nation to be recognized as Angels in Adoption. These honorees have gone above and beyond to demonstrate commit-ment to improving the lives of children in need of permanent, loving homes. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Evangelina Mendiola is a member of our community, whom we can all admire and respect. I commend her for her in-spiring commitment to the welfare of children, and wish her the very best as she continues to make the dream of a family a reality for the children she has given a warm and loving home. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY HELEN PETERSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Helen Peterson of Red Oak, Iowa on the oc-casion of her 100th birthday. Mary Helen cele-brated her birthday on August 24, 2018. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Mary Helen’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and wit-nessed the birth of new democracies. Mary Helen has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty-five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary Helen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary Helen on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE STERLING WOMEN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kristina Bouweiri, the founder of Ster-ling Women and CEO of Reston Limousine, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.049 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1302 September 25, 2018 
and members of Sterling Women as they cele-brate their 10th anniversary. Sterling Women was founded in 2008 to provide a new networking opportunity for busi-ness women in the Sterling, Virginia area. The organization focuses on enhancing opportuni-ties for women in business and creating fel-lowship among women by empowering, cele-brating, and supporting women in their profes-sional and personal endeavors. Mrs. Bouweiri’s legacy of fostering a positive environment for women is remarkable. She encourages each member to develop leader-ship skills and discover new paths toward self- enrichment, having often been a mentor and bringing women out of their comfort zones. Through her leadership, Sterling Women ele-vates the standard for working women to ac-tively build and maintain relationships between fellow members and within the community. Women of all ages with diverse life experi-ences have combined their skills to make the Loudoun County community a better place. The Sterling Women is a true testament to the dedication to our community and their passion toward helping others. Under Kristina’s leader-ship, the club has raised $250,000 for local charities. I am impressed by the Sterling Women and how in just a decade they have transformed Northern Virginia. From 80 women at their first meeting, to 150 today, they have made a tre-mendous impact upon many. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Sterling Women as they celebrate their 10th anniver-sary. I look forward to their ongoing contribu-tions to the community and I wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE UNIVER-SITY OF CENTRAL MISSOURI ROTC FIGHTING MULES BATTAL-ION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the University of Central Mis-souri Army Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) Fighting Mules Battalion’s 50th Anni-versary. Since its creation in 1968, over 800 cadets have graduated and obtained the rank of second lieutenant. Also known as the Uni-versity of Central Missouri’s Military Science and Leadership Department, the program combines scholarly learning with military train-ing to prepare students from across the coun-try to become officers in the U.S. military. Through the ROTC program, cadets get hands-on experience with platoon movement and tactical training. They help support local High School Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (JROTC) and assist with recruiting events. Not only will these cadets be grad-uating with a commission in the U.S. Army, but they will also leave this program with a sense of honor and pride. Across the nation the battalion has per-formed with distinction at events including the Ranger Challenge, Ranger Buddy, and Bataan Memorial Death March. Additionally, the Fight-ing Mules will be traveling for the first time to Washington, D.C. for the second largest 10- mile race, the Army Ten-Miler in October. Our community takes great pride in the work of the Battalion and cadets like Da’Vontae Hair. Da’Vontae is a constituent, previous intern, and graduate from the historic Truman High School in Independence. Da’Vontae and his fellow cadets raised funds to help the local Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 2513 in Warrensburg, MO by creating the Annual Pa-triot 5k Run/Walk. This program is responsible for the commis-sion of hundreds of distinguished military grad-uates and is recognized both locally and na-tionally as a top ROTC Battalion. The Fighting Mules Battalion has produced seven general staff officers. Those who hold this rank rep-resent the top one percent of those who serve in our nation’s Armed Forces. For the past 50 years, the mission of the ‘‘Fighting Mules’’ ROTC Battalion has been to select, train, and commission future leaders for the U.S. Army. With over 275 ROTC pro-grams in the United States, I am honored to note that the University of Central Missouri Fighting Mules Battalion is now ranked sev-enth in the nation. After being ranked 230 just four years ago, this tremendous accomplish-ment is a great example of the type of trans-formational leadership provided by Lieutenant Colonel Jason C. Christenson and his cadre team. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating and recognizing the 50th Anniversary of the Fighting Mules Battalion at the University of Central Missouri. I urge all my colleagues and fellow citizens across the country to join me in showing our appreciation of the Battalion’s ac-complishments and service. f 
HONORING WILLIAM HAWTHORNE 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. William Hawthorne, CEO and president of the consulting firm D/I Solutions. Over the course of his remarkable career, Mr. Hawthorne has made invaluable contributions to advancing corporate diversity and the wellbeing of his community. Prior to his current position, he held the posts of senior vice president, chief diversity officer, and vice chair of the Diversity and In-clusion Business Council at Macy’s, Inc. In this capacity, Mr. Hawthorne implemented and oversaw an expansive diversity and inclusion strategy, spanning many of the organization’s functions. Mr. Hawthorne’s distinguished career has also included stints as deputy general counsel and national practice leader at Macy’s Inc. at-torney for the City of the Atlanta Solicitor’s Of-fice, trial attorney for the Fulton County District Attorney’s Office, and instructor for the Na-tional Institute of Trial Advocacy at Emory Uni-versity School of Law. Mr. Hawthorne’s commitment to values of inclusion, diversity, and expanded opportunity extends beyond the boardroom and is re-flected in his involvement with numerous com-munity-based organizations. He serves as a board member and committee chair of the Mi-nority Corporate Counsel Association, sits on the steering committee for the New York City Center for Youth Employment, and serves as a mentor in the 5000 Role Model of Excel-lence Project. I founded the 5000 Role Models program in response to a pattern of young men of color being incarcerated or dropping out of school in my home county of Miami-Dade and am grate-ful for the outstanding example that Mr. Haw-thorne sets. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the extraordinary achievements of William Haw-thorne, a dynamic and hardworking leader who has made his impact felt at each stage of his career. f 
RECOGNIZING MALNUTRITION AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize this week as Malnutrition Aware-ness Week. Every 60 seconds, ten hospital-ized patients with malnutrition go undiagnosed, and many of these patients are older adults. Malnutrition Awareness Week is a multi-or-ganization, multi-pronged campaign created by the American Society for Parenteral and En-teral Nutrition to educate healthcare profes-sionals to identify and treat malnutrition earlier, educate consumers to discuss their nutrition status with their healthcare providers, and in-crease awareness of nutrition’s role in patient recovery. There are common-sense solutions that can help close the malnutrition care gap. We currently do not know the full extent of the malnutrition problem plaguing the senior population. Screening measures for malnutri-tion are not a part of our national health sur-veys, and malnutrition is not included in the national health indicators and goals for older Americans that help shape public health pro-grams and guide healthcare professionals. We cannot expect older adults and their families to take steps to address malnutrition if we don’t give guidance on identification of and interventions for the problem as well. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices and the U.S. Department of Agriculture nutritional guidelines have never addressed the issue of older adult malnutrition. We also cannot advance malnutrition care and promote improved patient recovery if we don’t align the identification of and interventions for malnutri-tion with healthcare quality incentive pro-grams. Malnutrition can lead to greater risk of chronic disease, fragility, disability, and in-creased healthcare costs, yet nutrition status is rarely evaluated and managed as individ-uals transition across care settings. Therefore, this Malnutrition Awareness week, I call upon the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to routinely in-clude malnutrition screening measures in na-tional health surveys of older adults, and to in-clude malnutrition among national key health indicators and Healthy People 2030 goals for older adults. I call upon HHS and the USDA to include dietary guidance for the prevention and treatment of older adult malnutrition and the closely-aligned problem of age-related sarcopenia (loss of strength and muscles) in the 2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Fi-nally, I call on the Centers for Medicare and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.054 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1303 September 25, 2018 
Medicaid Services to include malnutrition elec-tronic clinical quality measures in Medicare quality programs as well as include measures related to malnutrition in care transition pro-grams. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me and rise in com-memoration of Malnutrition Awareness Week. I wish to also salute the many groups and or-ganizations who are involved on a daily basis in the fight against malnutrition, especially the bipartisan Defeat Malnutrition Today coalition and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALEX BARRIO 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, today, we honor Mr. Alex Barrio, the District Director of Flor-ida’s Ninth Congressional District. Alex is a dedicated public servant who has committed his life to the betterment of others. For over a decade, Alex has been at the forefront of fight-ing for Florida’s constituents and the injustices they face. As District Director, Alex has con-tinuously found ways to advocate for Florida’s most vulnerable communities. After the Trump administration implemented the ‘‘Muslim ban’’ barring citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, Alex immediately went to the Orlando International Airport to defend the rights of Central Florida’s Muslim community and ensure their safe return to Florida. In late September 2017, Hurricanes Irma and Maria destroyed areas of Puerto Rico, forcing tens of thousands of families to flee the island and move to Florida’s Ninth Con-gressional District. Without hesitation, Alex united local community leaders to provide the necessary support for the victims of these nat-ural disasters. For over a year, Alex has led the charge to guarantee that recent arrivals from Puerto Rico had the resources they needed to find affordable housing, helping thousands easily transition into the Central Florida community. In April 2018, the Trump administration launched a ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy on Amer-ica’s southwest border causing thousands of children to be separated from their parents. In the face of this devastating impact on families, Alex’s persistence prevailed when he de-manded answers from the Department of Health and Human Services and successfully urged them to comply with a federal judge’s order to reunify these children with their par-ents. Alex has proven time and again that he will not hesitate to fight for what is right. His hard work and dedication are a testament to his values and commitment to improving the lives of others. I thank Alex for his continued serv-ice to Florida’s Ninth Congressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.057 E25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1044 Tuesday, September 25, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6283–S6312 Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills and eight res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3487–3500, S. Res. 646–652, and S. Con. Res. 48.
          Page S6304 
Measures Passed: National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation was discharged from further consideration of S. 3389, to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the bill was then passed.
                                                         Page S6310 
TRIP Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 3139, to require State safety oversight agencies to conduct safety inspections of public transportation systems that provide rail fixed guide-way public transportation and to direct the Secretary of Transportation to develop risk-based inspection guidance for such agencies, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S6310–11 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 4958, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S6311 
Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 648, designating September 2018 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6311 
American Viticultural Areas and Winegrowing Regions: Senate agreed to S. Res. 649, recognizing the contributions of American Viticultural Areas and winegrowing regions.
                                              Page S6311 
Anniversary of Hurricane Harvey: Senate agreed to S. Res. 650, recognizing the 1-year anniversary of Hurricane Harvey.
                                                     Page S6311 Anniversary of Hurricane Maria: Senate agreed to S. Res. 651, marking 1 year since the landfall of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.
                                               Page S6311 
Anniversary of Hurricane Irma: Senate agreed to S. Res. 652, remembering the 1-year anniversary of the landfall of Hurricane Irma in Florida.
    Page S6311 
Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 48, directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551.
                                                                   Page S6311 
Feldman Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019 (Reappointment).
                                               Pages S6292–98 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 216), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S6292 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired at 1:45 p.m., on Wednesday, September 26, 2018.
                                               Page S6298 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, September 26, 2018.
                    Page S6311 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 80 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. EX. 215), Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission for the remainder of the term expiring Octo-ber 26, 2019.
                                         Pages S6283–91, S6312 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6300 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6300–03 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S6303–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6304–06 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6306–10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1045 September 25, 2018 
Additional Statements:                          Pages S6299–S6300 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S6310 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6310 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—216)
                                                        Pages S6291–92 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:10 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, September 26, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6311.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of General Rob-ert B. Abrams, USA, to be General, and to be Com-mander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, and Vice Ad-miral Craig S. Faller, USN, to be Admiral, and to be Commander, United States Southern Command, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Alan Ray Shaffer, of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary for Acqui-sition and Sustainment, Veronica Daigle, of Virginia, and Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, both to be an Assistant Secretary, Casey Wardynski, of Alabama, and Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, both to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Army, and 2,781 nomina-tions in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Energy’s efforts in the field of quantum information science, after receiving testimony from Paul M. Dabbar, Under Secretary for Science, Supratik Guha, Director, Center for Nanoscale Materials and Senior Science Advisor, Argonne National Laboratory, and Irfan Siddiqi, Faculty Scientist, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, all of the Department of En-ergy; and Todd Holmdahl, Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator, and Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, and Mark Mont-gomery, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Admin-istrator, all of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Every Student Succeeds Act, focusing on states lead-ing the way, after receiving testimony from Matthew L. Blomstedt, Nebraska Commissioner of Education, Lincoln; Susan S. Bunting, Delaware Secretary of Education, Dover; Molly Spearman, South Carolina Superintendent of Education, Columbia; and Shavar Jeffries, Education Reform Now, Newark, New Jer-sey. HEALTH CARE IN RURAL AMERICA Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine health care in rural America, focusing on experiences and costs, after receiving testimony from Tom Glause, Wyo-ming Insurance Commissioner, Cheyenne; Morgan Reed, Connected Health Initiative, Washington, D.C.; Alan M. Levine, Ballad Health, Johnson City, Tennessee; and Deborah Richter, Vermont Healthcare for All, Cambridge. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6867–6894; 1 private bill, H.R. 6895; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 137; and H. Res. 1076, 1078–1081 were introduced.                                                                                     Pages H8883–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1046 September 25, 2018 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8886–87 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6620, to require the Department of Home-land Security to prepare a threat assessment relating to unmanned aircraft systems, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–960, Part 1); H.R. 6735, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability disclosure policy for Department of Homeland Security internet websites, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–961); H.R. 6740, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish Border Tunnel Task Forces, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–962); H.R. 6742, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that appropriate officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are equipped with secure radios or other two-way com-munication devices, supported by system interoper-ability, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–963, Part 1); S. 1281, to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–964); H.R. 6511, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve facilities, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–965); H.R. 6758, to direct the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, to study and provide rec-ommendations to promote the participation of women and minorities in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Pat-ent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–966); H.R. 6599, to modify the application of tem-porary limited appointment regulations to the Na-tional Park Service, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–967); H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ long-standing intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the sea-shore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–968); H.R. 6013, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Fed-eral closing date for duck hunting season and to es-tablish special duck hunting days for youths, vet-erans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–969); H.R. 5420, to authorize the acquisition of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–970); H.R. 6299, to modify the process of the Secretary of the Interior for examining certain mining claims on Federal lands in Storey County, Nevada, to facili-tate certain pinyon-juniper-related projects in Lin-coln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, to fully implement the White Pine County Conserva-tion, Recreation, and Development Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–971, Part 1); H.R. 4809, to increase access to agency guidance documents, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–972); H.R. 5896, to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify the authority for pay and work schedules of border patrol agents, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–973); H.R. 6398, to authorize the Department of En-ergy to conduct collaborative research with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–974, Part 1); H.R. 5509, to direct the National Science Foun-dation to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEM-related work-force, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–975); H. Res. 1077, providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 1071) recognizing that al-lowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens; and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–976); H.R. 6229, to authorize the programs of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–977); and H. Res. 1017, requesting the President, and di-recting the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Representatives copies of all documents, records, communications, transcripts, summaries, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1047 September 25, 2018 
notes, memoranda, and read-aheads in their posses-sion referring or relating to certain communications between President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin; adversely (H. Rept. 115–978). 
                                                                                    Pages H8882–83 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8745 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:04 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H8745 
Cyberspace Solarium Commission—Appoint-ment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Mi-nority Leader, in which she appointed the following Member to serve as a commissioner to the Cyber-space Solarium Commission: The Honorable James Langevin of Rhode Island. And from private life: The Honorable Patrick Murphy of Bristol, Pennsyl-vania.
                                                                               Page H8746 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability disclosure policy for De-partment of Homeland Security internet websites: H.R. 6735, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability dis-closure policy for Department of Homeland Security internet websites;
                                 Pages H8746–48, H8822 
Border Tunnel Task Force Act: H.R. 6740, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish Border Tunnel Task Forces; 
                                                                                    Pages H8748–50 
Protecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act: H.R. 6620, to require the Department of Homeland Security to prepare a threat assessment relating to unmanned aircraft systems;
                                                  Pages H8750–52 
Secure Border Communications Act: H.R. 6742, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to en-sure that appropriate officers and agents of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection are equipped with secure radios or other two-way communication devices, sup-ported by system interoperability;
            Pages H8752–53 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act of 2018: S. 3479, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provi-sions of law administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs;
                                                        Pages H8754–59 
Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018: H.R. 6378, amended, to reauthorize certain programs under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to public health security and all-hazards preparedness and re-sponse;                                                                     Pages H8759–89 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To reau-thorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H8789 
Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act: H.R. 1320, amended, to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 related to Nuclear Regu-latory Commission user fees and annual charges; 
                                                                                    Pages H8789–92 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act: H.R. 6511, amended, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve facilities;
            Pages H8792–94 
Reauthorizing the West Valley demonstration project: H.R. 2389, amended, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project;
        Pages H8794–95 
Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act: S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy pro-viders from providing certain information to enroll-ees;
                                                                            Pages H8795–99 
Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018: S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pro-hibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals;
                                                     Pages H8799–H8801 
Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2018: H.R. 2278, amended, to extend the authoriza-tion of the Uranium Mill Tailing Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado;
                                             Pages H8801–02 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To ex-tend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the dis-posal site in Mesa County, Colorado.’’.
          Page H8802 
Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act: H.R. 6348, to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Fed-eral banking regulators;
                                 Pages H8802–03 
7(a) Real Estate Appraisal Harmonization Act: H.R. 6347, to adjust the real estate appraisal thresh-olds under the 7(a) program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking reg-ulators;
                                                                    Pages H8803–04 
Small Business Advocacy Improvements Act of 2018: H.R. 6316, to clarify the primary functions and duties of the Office of Advocacy of the Small Business Administration;
                               Pages H8804–05 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1048 September 25, 2018 
Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018: H.R. 6330, to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns;
                                              Pages H8805–06 
Incentivizing Fairness in Subcontracting Act: H.R. 6367, amended, to amend the Small Business Act to specify what credit is given for certain sub-contractors and to provide a dispute process for non- payment to subcontractors;
                           Pages H8806–08 
Encouraging Small Business Innovators: H.R. 6368, to encourage R&D small business set-asides, to encourage SBIR and STTR participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Administra-tion’s mentor-protege program, to promote the use of interagency contracts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 389 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 400; 
                                                                Pages H8808–10, H8820–21 
Expanding Contracting Opportunities for Small Businesses Act of 2018: H.R. 6369, amended, to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the in-clusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 401;
       Pages H8810–12, H8821 
Expanding Contracting Opportunities for Small Businesses Act of 2018: H.R. 6382, amended, to amend the Small Business Act to require the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administration to report certain information to the Congress and to the President;
                                                               Pages H8812–13 
Small Business Innovation Protection Act: S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to expand in-tellectual property education and training for small businesses;
                                                             Pages H8813–15 
Study of Underrepresented Classes Chasing En-gineering and Science Success Act of 2018: H.R. 6758, amended, to direct the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and provide rec-ommendations to promote the participation of women and minorities in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Pat-ent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges;
                 Pages H8815–17 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Of-fice’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes.’’.                     Page H8817 
Ashanti Alert Act of 2018: H.R. 5075, amended, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States;
       Pages H8817–20 
Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2018: H.R. 6847, amended, to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand and strengthen Federal sex offenses, to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006;
                                                                       Pages H8839–44 
Expressing the sense of Congress that child safe-ty is the first priority of custody and visitation ad-judications, and that State courts should improve adjudications of custody where family violence is alleged: H. Con. Res. 72, amended, expressing the sense of Congress that child safety is the first pri-ority of custody and visitation adjudications, and that State courts should improve adjudications of custody where family violence is alleged; 
                                                                                    Pages H8844–47 
Kerrie Orozco First Responders Family Support Act: H.R. 6580, amended, to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first responders who die as a result of their employment; 
                                                                                    Pages H8847–49 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide for naturalization processes for the immediate relatives of first responders who die as a result of their employment, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H8849 
Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act: H.R. 1872, amended, to promote access for United States offi-cials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China;
           Pages H8849–53 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-mote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H8853 
Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Op-portunities for Veterans Act: H.R. 6013, amended, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal closing date for duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel;
                                            Pages H8853–54 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal framework 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1049 September 25, 2018 
closing date for the duck hunting season and to es-tablish special duck hunting days for youths, vet-erans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H8854 
Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018: H.R. 6299, amended, to modify the process of the Secretary of the Interior for examining certain mining claims on Federal lands in Storey County, Nevada, to facilitate certain pinyon-juniper-related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H8854–56 
Directing the Secretary of the Interior to man-age the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ long-standing intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the sea-shore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and nat-ural values: H.R. 6687, amended, to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes Na-tional Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ longstanding intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values;
                              Pages H8856–58 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of Cali-fornia consistently with Congress’ long-standing in-tent to continue to authorize working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the sea-shore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes.’’.
                        Page H8858 
Modifying the application of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service: H.R. 6599, amended, to modify the applica-tion of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service;
                      Pages H8859–60 
Extending the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission: H.R. 5585, to extend the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission. 
                                                                                    Pages H8860–61 
Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Ap-prenticeships Act: H.R. 5509, amended, to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEM-related workforce;
                       Pages H8862–65 
National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018: H.R. 6229, amended, to authorize the programs of the National Institute of Standards and Technology;
                     Pages H8865–68 Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initia-tive Act: H.R. 6398, amended, to authorize the De-partment of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States;
                                                      Pages H8868–72 
Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act: S. 1595, amended, to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanctions with respect to Hizballah; and
                                                     Pages H8872–78 
Hack Your State Department Act: H.R. 5433, amended, to require the Secretary of State to design and establish a Vulnerability Disclosure Program (VDP) to improve Department of State cybersecurity and a bug bounty program to identify and report vulnerabilities of internet-facing information tech-nology of the Department of State.
          Pages H8878–80 
Designating the Mental Health Residential Reha-bilitation Treatment Facility Expansion of the Department of Veterans Affairs Alvin C. York Medical Center in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Sergeant John Toombs Residential Rehabili-tation Treatment Facility’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 2634, to designate the Mental Health Residential Rehabilita-tion Treatment Facility Expansion of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Alvin C. York Medical Center in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Sergeant John Toombs Residential Rehabilitation Treatment Facility’’.
                                                                Pages H8753–54 
Orrin G. Hatch Music Modernization Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1551, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities.
                                                   Pages H8822–38 
Directing the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 48, direct-ing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1551. 
                                                                                            Page H8838 
Marrakesh Treaty Implementation Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty.
                     Page H8838 
Fort Ontario Study Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 46, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York.
        Page H8861 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1050 September 25, 2018 
Urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the cultural significance of Rib Mountain by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and agree to H. Res. 418, urging the Sec-retary of the Interior to recognize the cultural sig-nificance of Rib Mountain by adding it to the Na-tional Register of Historic Places, as amended by Representative McClintock.
                                 Page H8861 
Requesting the Secretary of the Interior to rec-ognize the rich history of the logging industry and the importance of lumberjack sports by adding the Lumberjack Bowl to the National Register of Historic Places: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 460, requesting the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the rich history of the logging industry and the im-portance of lumberjack sports by adding the Lum-berjack Bowl to the National Register of Historic Places, as amended by Representative McClintock. 
                                                                                    Pages H8861–62 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. FDR Historic Preservation Act: H.R. 5420, amended, to authorize the acquisition of land for ad-dition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt Na-tional Historic Site in the State of New York. 
                                                                                    Pages H8858–59 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 48 was held at the desk.
                                                                                 Page H8838 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on pages H8746 and H8810. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8820–21 and H8821. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 10:53 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HUD OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT: HUD’S OVERSIGHT OF THE ALEXANDER COUNTY (IL) HOUSING AUTHORITY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘HUD Office of Inspector General Report: HUD’s Oversight of the Alexander County (IL) Housing Authority’’. Testimony was heard from Representa-tive Bost; Senator Duckworth; and Jeremy Kirkland, Acting Deputy Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; RECOGNIZING THAT ALLOWING ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THE RIGHT TO VOTE DEVALUES THE FRANCHISE AND DIMINISHES THE VOTING POWER OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Conference Report to accompany H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019]; and H. Res. 1071, recognizing that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens. The Committee granted, by a record vote of 5–3, a rule providing for consideration of the Con-ference Report to accompany H.R. 6157. The rule waives all points of order against the conference re-port and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. Debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H. Res. 1071 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the resolution. The rule provides that the resolution shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. Finally, in sec-tion 3, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of September 27, 2018, or September 28, 2018, for the Speaker to en-tertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the des-ignation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Nadler, Granger, Cole, Harris, Visclosky, DeLauro, and Jordan. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Dec 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\D25SE8.REC D25SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1051 September 25, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel, with the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the cyber operational readiness of the Department of Defense; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine safeguards for consumer data privacy, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the global space race, focus-ing on ensuring the United States remains the leader in space, 2:15 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine cleaning up the oceans, focusing on re-ducing the impact of man-made trash on the environ-ment, wildlife, and human health, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the impact of tariffs on the United States automotive indus-try, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, S. 2736, to de-velop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, S. 3233, to impose sanctions with re-spect to persons responsible for violence and human rights abuses in Nicaragua, S. 3257, to impose sanctions on foreign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regarding the protection of civilians during armed conflict, S. 3476, to extend certain authori-ties relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/ AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, S. Res. 435, ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repressive So-viet policies against the people of Ukraine, S. Res. 481, calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, S. Res. 602, supporting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Minister Zaev of Macedonia to resolve longstanding bilateral disputes, S. Res. 634, commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift and honoring the veterans of Operation Vittles, H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000, H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the Internet, H.R. 1677, to halt the whole-sale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a nego-tiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes, and the nomination of Francisco Luis Palmieri, of Connecticut, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Honduras, Department of State, 11 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Botswana, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without addi-tional compensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Mali, Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic, and Dennis Walter Hearne, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 3478, to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for maintaining situational awareness and oper-ational control of high traffic areas along the borders, to address the protective custody of alien children accom-panied by parents, to strengthen accountability for de-ployment of border security technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, to encourage Federal agen-cies to coordinate on research and the development of technology to combat illicit opioid importation, to estab-lish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to combat illicit opioid importation, S. 3405, to reau-thorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3137, to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to improve efficiency and effectiveness, S. 3208, to provide agencies with discretion in securing in-formation technology and information systems, S. 3050, to improve executive agency digital services, S. 823, to ensure the digital contents of electronic equipment and online accounts belonging to or in the possession of United States persons entering or exiting the United States are adequately protected at the border, S. 3484, to modernize Federal grant reporting, S. 278, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, S. 3085, to establish a Federal Acquisition Security Council and to provide executive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procurement of information technology, S. 3437, to establish a Federal rotational cyber workforce program for the Federal cyber workforce, S. 3251, to re-quire executive agencies to consider rental in any analysis for equipment acquisition, S. 3309, to authorize cyber in-cident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3191, to provide for the expeditious disclo-sure of records related to civil rights cold cases, S. 594, to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1052 September 25, 2018 with cybersecurity consortia for training, S. 3209, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’, S. 3237, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Co-lumbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’, S. 3414, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’, S. 3442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’, H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose informa-tion to certain recipients, H.R. 1132, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2-year prohibition on employment in a career civil service position for any former political appointee, H.R. 6439, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security the Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program, H.R. 5206, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, H.R. 606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 1209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2979, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4407, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4890, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4913, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’, H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Co-lumbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5349, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’, H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5737, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’, H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and des-ignated as the ‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’, H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ash-land, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’, H.R. 5935, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’, H.R. 6020, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’, H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Presidential Transition Enhancement Act of 2018’’, and the nomina-tion of Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, De-partment of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 465, to provide for an independent outside audit of the Indian Health Service, S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, and S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine justice for Native youth, fo-cusing on the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Native American Youth Involvement in Justice Sys-tems and Information on Grants to Help Address Juve-nile Delinquency’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Rules and Administration: to hold hearings to examine S. 1010 and H.R. 1695, bills to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibil-ities for the Register of Copyrights, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the state of the Department of Veterans Affairs, focus-ing on a 60 day report, 3 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of National Defense on the Econ-omy, Diplomacy, and International Order’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Syria’’, 3:30 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining First Amendment Rights on Campus’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1053 September 25, 2018 Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Built in America: Jobs and Growth in the Manu-facturing Sector’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Solutions to Strengthen U.S. Public Safety Communications’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Investment Manage-ment’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Administration Goals for Major Sanctions Pro-grams’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Genocide Against the Burmese Rohingya’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Iranian Proxies in Iraq’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Repression and Internment of Uyghurs: U.S. Policy Responses’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Hidden in Plain Sight: Understanding Federal Efforts to Stop Human Trafficking’’, 11 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, business meeting to consider Committee Resolution 115–21, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 3553, the ‘‘Bankruptcy Administration Improvement Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4644, the ‘‘Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act’’; H.R. 5636, the ‘‘Flatside Wilderness Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5706, the ‘‘World War II Pacific Sites Estab-lishment Act’’; H.R. 5727, the ‘‘Emery County Public Land Management Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6064, to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Con-gressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge; H.R. 6118, the ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’; H.R. 6255, to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish measures to combat invasive lionfish, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 6666, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway Na-tional Recreation Area for construction, operation, and maintenance of projects for control and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion; H.R. 6682, the ‘‘Protec-tion and Transparency for Adjacent Landowners Act’’; and H.R. 6784, the ‘‘Manage our Wolves Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6344, the ‘‘LOCAL Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6360, the ‘‘PREDICTS Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6346, the ‘‘WHOLE Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6354, the ‘‘STORAGE Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6345, the ‘‘EMPOWERS Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3608, the ‘‘Endan-gered Species Transparency and Reasonableness Act’’; H.R. 6364, the ‘‘LAMP Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6356, the ‘‘LIST Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6355, the ‘‘PETITION Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Fraud’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Countering China: Ensuring America Remains the World Leader in Advanced Technologies and Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Mis-conduct and Retaliation at TSA’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6756, the ‘‘American Innovation Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6757, the ‘‘Family Savings Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6760, the ‘‘Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘60 Years of NASA Leadership in Human Space Exploration: Past, Present, and Future’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Troubled Skies: The Aviation Workforce Shortage’s Impact on Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Modernization and Recapi-talization: Status and Future’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Taxpayer Authentication: Strengthening Security While Ensuring Access’’, 10:45 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the rise of American earnings and living standards, 10:45 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1054 September 25, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019 (Reappointment), post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H. Res. 1071—Recognizing that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens (Subject to a Rule) Consideration of the conference report to Accompany H.R. 6157—Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1287 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1293 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E1288 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1289 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1287 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E1301 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1288 Carter, John R., Tex., E1292 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1302 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1297, E1301 Comer, James, Ky., E1287 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1298, E1300, E1301 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1289 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1290 Curtis, John R., Utah, E1289 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1295 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1302 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1298 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1294, E1297, E1300 Fleischmann, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’, Tenn., E1297 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1298 Gibbs, Bob, Ohio, E1295 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1295 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1301 Katko, John, N.Y., E1288 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1288 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1294 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1290 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1292 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1293 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1299 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1291 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1290 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1293 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1291 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1287, E1297 Soto, Darren, Fla., E1303 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1300 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1289, E1293, E1296 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1301 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1287 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1295 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1291, E1296 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E1299, E1302 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1289, E1291 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1292 Young, David, Iowa, E1293, E1294, E1295, E1297, E1299, E1300, E1300, E1301 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1299 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25SE8.REC D25SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST